

ESA Toxicology LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:13 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of ESA Toxicology LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ESA Toxicology LLC offers healthcare services. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Houston, Texas.


2100 West Loop SouthSuite 1200Houston, TX 77027United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 713-877-0600








Key Executives for ESA Toxicology LLC




Ms. Lori Ramirez


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Boyd Yarbrough


      	President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 17, 2016
			    
--



Private Placement

			      October 6, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ESA Toxicology LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC Houston TX, 77027 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Health Services
ESA Toxicology LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







ESA Toxicology LLC



2100 West Loop S

Houston,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 77027-3515
							
							 |  view map


(713) 877-0600

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC is in the Medical Laboratories industry in Houston, TX.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Medical Laboratories
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2016
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments

Yes



Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


Ideal Construction CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Barnes & Noble


University of Alaska Fairbanks


RAM Enterprises Inc


Hammer & CO








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								4.5
							


							( Based on
							
							2
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								2
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on ESA Toxicology LLC
Rate ESA Toxicology LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about ESA Toxicology LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLTAIRE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
ADVENT I LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
STINGER WELDING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
PANALPINA INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  


















        1003229089 NPI number — ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      


































































Tweet



Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1003229089






NPI 1003229089: ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      














NPI Number 1003229089 General Information



 PNG

            
                 
            
 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1003229089
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Organization
                
Provider Name / Organization
ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH 
Second Line
SUITE 1200 
City
HOUSTON 
State
TX 
Postal Code (Zip)
77477-3673 
Country
US 
Phone
713-877-0600 
Fax
713-877-0601 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH 
Second Line
SUITE 1200 
City
HOUSTON 
State
TX 
Postal Code (Zip)
77477-3673 
Country
US 
Phone
713-877-0600 
Fax
713-877-0601 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
GENERAL MANAGER 
Name
JONA  WHALEN 
Credential
  
Telephone Number
713-877-0600  
Provider Enumeration Date
06/06/2014 
Last Updated
08/13/2015 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1003229089 has the "Organization" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) — ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      . Records indicate that the provider gender is "". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 06/06/2014. NPI Number information was last updated on 08/13/2015.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200
                    HOUSTON, TX
                    77477-3673, US
                


ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC       can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  713-877-0600
Fax:  713-877-0601
        
The provider's official mailing address is:



                    2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200
                    HOUSTON, TX
                    77477-3673, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  713-877-0600
Fax:  713-877-0601
        
The authorized official registered with the "1972504793" NPI Number is JONA JONA.
The authorized official title (position) is GENERAL MANAGER.
You can reach the authorized official at the following phone number 713-877-0600.

Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

291U00000X


Clinical Medical Laboratory















Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer







Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1003229089
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Organization
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Organization Subpart
                            

                                N
                            

                                The "Is the organization a subpart?" question must be answered. If the organization is a subpart, the Parent Organization Legal Business Name (LBN) and Parent Organization Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) fields must be completed. The Parent Organization LBN and TIN fields can only be completed if the answer to the subpart question is Yes.
Many organization health care providers who apply for NPIs are not legal entities themselves but are parts of other organization health care providers that are legal entities (the "parents"). 
Here are three examples of organization health care providers that may be considered subparts and may apply for NPIs if so directed by their "parents": 
(1) The psychiatric unit in a hospital is not a legal entity but is part of the hospital (the "parent"), which is a legal entity. The legal entity must obtain an NPI. The psychiatric unit is an example of a subpart that could have its own NPI if the hospital determines that it should. 
(2) A group practice that is not a sole proprietorship has a main location and could have other offices in different locations, but each office is not a separate legal entity; instead, each office is part of the corporation (the "parent") which is a legal entity. The offices are examples of subparts that could have their own NPIs if the main location determines that they should. 
(3) A pharmacy fills prescriptions for patients whose physicians have prescribed medications for them and may also rent or sell durable medical equipment to patients whose physicians have ordered such equipment for them. Neither the pharmacy line of business nor the DME line of business represent legal entities; instead, both lines of business are part of an organization (the "parent") that is a legal entity. Each line of business represents a different Healthcare Provider Taxonomy or area of specialization that often submits its own electronic claims to health plans. 
The "parent"-we don't know who the parent is in this example-must ensure that each subpart that submits its own claims to health plans has its own NPI.
                            



                                Provider Organization Name (Legal Business Name)
                            

                                ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC
                            

                                Provide organization name (legal business name used to file tax returns with the IRS). The Organization Name field allows the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, "at" sign, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Second Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                SUITE 1200
                            

                                The second line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider second line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                HOUSTON
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                TX
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                77477-3673
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Telephone Number
                            

                                713-877-0600
                            

                                The telephone number associated with mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address telephone number''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Fax Number
                            

                                713-877-0601
                            

                                The fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Second Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                SUITE 1200
                            

                                The second line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                HOUSTON
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                TX
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                77477-3673
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                713-877-0600
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Fax Number
                            

                                713-877-0601
                            

                                The fax number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                06/06/2014
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                08/13/2015
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Authorized Official Last Name
                            

                                WHALEN
                            

                                The last name of the person authorized to submit the NPI application or to change NPS data for a health care provider.
                            



                                Authorized Official First Name
                            

                                JONA
                            

                                The first name of the authorized official
                            



                                Authorized Official Title or Position
                            

                                GENERAL MANAGER
                            

                                The title or position of the authorized official
                            



                                Authorized Official Telephone Number
                            

                                713-877-0600
                            

                                The 10-position telephone number of the authorized official.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                291U00000X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                Clinical Medical Laboratory
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.






Driving Directions to "ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      " Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Yours Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)




























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            





















ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC 2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200 HOUSTON TX 77477 Clinical Medical Laboratory.
 




















 



Login/Sign Up



















ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC  -Clinical Medical Laboratory





17 reviews    

Clinical Medical Laboratory


2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
					, SUITE 1200HOUSTON, TX 77477
					Phone: (713)-877-0600 
NPI Number: 1003229089				
Claim this page to add website here 






Doctor Details

ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC's specialty is listed as Clinical Medical Laboratory. The practice business address for this provider is in the wonderful city of HOUSTON, in the state of TX. This healthcare provider is listed as practicing at this street address: 2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200. The providers telephone number is (713)-877-0600 
. This healthcare provider has their gender reported as 'not applicable'.Speciality : Clinical Medical Laboratory - This is a laboratory where tests are competed on clinical specimens to get specific information about the health of a patient.  This helps in diagnosi...ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC's specialty is listed as Clinical Medical Laboratory. The practice business address for this provider is in the wonderful city of HOUSTON, in the state of TX. This healthcare provider is listed as practicing at this street address: 2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200. The providers telephone number is (713)-877-0600 
. This healthcare provider has their gender reported as 'not applicable'.Speciality : Clinical Medical Laboratory - This is a laboratory where tests are competed on clinical specimens to get specific information about the health of a patient.  This helps in diagnosing, treating and preventing disease.  They normally have two sections and they are anatomic and clinical.  Most staff in these laboratories are scientists, rather than doctors.This Specialty Falls in this Following Category:Laboratories - This is where tests are done on a clinical specimen for the purpose of getting information about the health of a patient.  This information will assist in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of disease.Clinical Medical Laboratory - This is a laboratory where tests are competed on clinical specimens to get specific information about the health of a patient.  This helps in diagnosing, treating and preventing disease.  They normally have two sections and they are anatomic and clinical.  Most staff in these laboratories are scientists, rather than doctors.The LabDraw Pharmacy Directory is available to assists patients with finding a reliable pharmacy. It is also a reporting mechanism used to provide valuable feedback to the doctors, insurance companies, and laboratory service providers. By allowing the patients to comment freely about their experiences at a pharmacy or locating a particular facility we are assisting with opening up the doors to better healthcare.
If you have any comments to make regarding the service you have received at this pharmacy, or other information about what is provided here, feel free to add it to the comments section located below. Your comments will be immediately made available to others viewing this page.Gender: This healthcare provider is Not ApplicableNPI Number: 1003229089Organization Name: ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC
Show Less >> 
Read More >> 




Map To ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC





Rating and reviews - 17 reviews 



 


 



kgat
03/24/2017







									For all of you leaving your review, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE problem!  They will continue this as long as TX ins board and your personal ins don't get involved!									

For all of you leaving your review, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE problem!  They will continue this as long as TX ins board and your personal ins don't get involved!






 


 



kgat
03/24/2017







									For all of you leaving your review, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE problem!  They will continue this as long as TX ins board and your personal ins don't get involved!									

For all of you leaving your review, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE problem!  They will continue this as long as TX ins board and your personal ins don't get involved!






 


 



kgat
03/24/2017







									For all of you leaving your reviews, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE pr									

For all of you leaving your reviews, I have started a Facebook Page so that we CAN come together to fight against this scam.  On Facebook look up ESA Lab Scam PAGE or @esatoxicologylabovercharge

I simply took urine test from 2 different docs and my insurance was billed over $50K for these.  I have researched all of this and will begin posting on my FB Page. I hope that we can all get together soon. I tried calling Emily Akin in Houston, but she didn't seem interested.  I know that here in TX this is a HUGE pr






 


 



Doneagle
03/08/2017







									I received a bill for $13,445.50 from ESA Toxicilogy for a urinalysis in January. I hate to see the bill for February!!!!This is outrageous and something does need to be done! I am going to contact Channel 2 news Consumer Expert, Wendy Davis, since there are so many complaints stating the same issue about this lab!! I recommend you all do the same if you want to put a stop to this quickly and effectively!  Ms. Davis will follow through by investigating, and contacting the lab to interview which will broadcasted. It appears they are out of network for all insurance providers. My insursnce will pay up to 60% For the "Customary
Charge" for this type of lab work but I'm sure it's less than $1000. My doctor gives the option to do the ua test in his office for $25 and that is what I will do going forward! As you all have said, this company is a fraud and is creating a mess for the citizens of Houston! Let's rally together to put a stop to ESA Labs.									

I received a bill for $13,445.50 from ESA Toxicilogy for a urinalysis in January. I hate to see the bill for February!!!!This is outrageous and something does need to be done! I am going to contact Channel 2 news Consumer Expert, Wendy Davis, since there are so many complaints stating the same issue about this lab!! I recommend you all do the same if you want to put a stop to this quickly and effectively!  Ms. Davis will follow through by investigating, and contacting the lab to interview which will broadcasted. It appears they are out of network for all insurance providers. My insursnce will pay up to 60% For the "Customary
Charge" for this type of lab work but I'm sure it's less than $1000. My doctor gives the option to do the ua test in his office for $25 and that is what I will do going forward! As you all have said, this company is a fraud and is creating a mess for the citizens of Houston! Let's rally together to put a stop to ESA Labs.






 


 



Maria
01/19/2017







									I think this company is a fraud. they charge my husband , my dad and my brother in law for almost total $40,000 for all three..For toxicology for drugs they are taking . My husband is not even on a single medication . I will take this further. If anybody wants to complain you can call your insurance co. to investigate and then I will go on the Texas Medical Board to complain the doctor.									

I think this company is a fraud. they charge my husband , my dad and my brother in law for almost total $40,000 for all three..For toxicology for drugs they are taking . My husband is not even on a single medication . I will take this further. If anybody wants to complain you can call your insurance co. to investigate and then I will go on the Texas Medical Board to complain the doctor.




Show more review




Write a Review






0
1
2
3
4
5


Select your rating






   
  









	
	NOTE: VERIFICATION IS NEEDED BEFORE POSTING WILL BE PUBLISHED.CHECK YOUR EMAIL FOR VERIFICATION LINK AFTER SUBMISSION.








Laboratories Near This Location
View All 





Any Lab Test Now Houston - Galleria Area




								3 reviews								


Pediatric Draws, Custody Drugscreen 


							5901 Westheimer Rd, Suite W Houston TX 77057							Houston, 							Texas						







Any Lab Test Now Houston_Medical Center 0067-1




								1 review								


Pediatric Draws, Custody Drugscreen 


							2282 W Holcombe Houston TX 77030							Houston, 							Texas						







Any Lab Test Now Houston Northwest 0067-2




								No review								


Pediatric Draws, Custody Drugscreen 


							13141 FM1960 Suite 500 Suite 500 Houston TX 77065							Houston, 							Texas						







Any Lab Test Now Houston North Loop 0067-3




								1 review								


Pediatric Draws, Custody Drugscreen 


							2902 N. Shepherd Dr. Suite E Suite E Houston TX 77008							Houston, 							Texas						







Any Lab Test Now Houston SouthWest 0067-4




								1 review								


Pediatric Draws, Custody Drugscreen 


							8104 Southwest Freeway Suite E Suite E Houston TX 77074							Houston, 							Texas						






Pharmacies Near This Location
View All 





BEMAJ PHARMACY




								1 review								





							10039 BISSONNET STE 100							HOUSTON, 							Texas 77036						







BI-RITE PHARMACY #23




								No review								





							909 FROSTWOOD #150 							HOUSTON, 							Texas 77024						







CARE-NET PHARMACY




								No review								





							6400 HILLCROFT 							HOUSTON, 							Texas 77081						







COSTCO PHARMACY #675




								No review								





							12405 N GESSNER ROAD 							HOUSTON, 							Texas 77064						







COSTCO PHARMACY #680




								4 reviews								





							1150 BUNKER HILL ROAD 							HOUSTON, 							Texas 77055						






Other Health Specialists Near This Location
View All 





CITY CLINICAL LAB




								1 review								


Clinical Medical Laboratory 


							6300 HILLCROFT AVE SUITE 100 B							HOUSTON, 
							TX 77477						







INDEPENDENT FORENSICS OF TEXAS




								1 review								


Clinical Medical Laboratory 


							8300 BISSONNET ST SUITE 299 							HOUSTON, 
							TX 77477						







TEXAS MEDICAL TOXICOLOGY, LLC




								1 review								


Clinical Medical Laboratory 


							7707 FANNIN ST STE 290							HOUSTON, 
							TX 77477						







EZ-LAB-TEST




								1 review								


Clinical Medical Laboratory 


							6633 HILLCROFT ST SUITE#261							HOUSTON, 
							TX 77477						







ACCESS CLINICAL LABORATORY, LLC




								21 reviews								


Clinical Medical Laboratory 


							8311 KNIGHT RD 							HOUSTON, 
							TX 77477						














Write a Review
Claim this Page





Recent Reviews & Comments


  LISA M BARTOLI DO, PLLC  
received a 4-Flask rating from NanoF on 07/27/2017: After seeing an orthopedic surgeon who recommended Tylenol for my hip pain, and said I was exaggerating the pain for 6 months, I consulted Dr. Bartoli.  She first recommended trying physical therapy a ... Read more >>
MRS. LYDIA BROWN  NP
received a 5-Flask rating from Conan on 07/23/2017: Lydia Brown is the most beautiful calm collective,sweet and kind hearted nurse I ever meet in my life... she takes her profession very seriously. And also willing to help without a question.  Keep doi ... Read more >>
  H.O.P.E. COUNSELING, INC.  
received a 5-Flask rating from Eil on 07/22/2017: I transitioned to Hope Counseling Services from Ohio Family Counseling Services in April 
 So far I got a counselor ( Jean Zoffiro ) she is a carbon copy of my favorite counselor ( Joyce Robertson) f ... Read more >>
  SUNRISE PEDIATRICS PA  
received a 5-Flask rating from jano on 07/22/2017:  Dr. Bonaparte took care of our son in hospital, excellent circumcision and we have had 2 follow up visits. We are very satisfied !... Very happy with the staff and professionalism. Way to go ! Dr. B ... Read more >>
BioReference Labs
received a 5-Flask rating from Dave on 07/15/2017: The only place I go for Blood work!!! They really know what the're doing!! ... Read more >>
LabCorp Patient Service Center
received a 5-Flask rating from Mike on 05/22/2017: First time at this location, 310 N. Wilmot Rd., Ste. 102. The staff were courteous and very professional. I need to have blood taken every three months and this ws my first visit. I did not have an ap ... Read more >>
FARMACIA 22-24 CENTRO
received a 5-Flask rating from Guadalupe on 06/28/2017: me  a gustado mucho encontrar estas farmacias gracias ... Read more >>
FRED MEYER PHARMACY #00093
received a 5-Flask rating from none on 06/20/2017: We switched from another pharmacy about a year ago because that supplier frequently was out of what we wanted -- and a number of nonbusiness issues.  Too much drama...

This Fred Meyer always has wh ... Read more >>







Find a Healthcare Specialist in Your City. Start Here:
-> List of Healthcare Specialists












Find Clinical Medical Laboratory Jobs:  14 jobs with keyword "Clinical Medical Laboratory HOUSTON TX" found! Displaying jobs #1-3Licensed Clinical Social Worker  - Rehab Without WallsPosted Date: 2017-07-28ResCare - United States, TX, Houston, 77042Clinical Research Nurse:Posted Date: 2017-07-27Medix - United States, TX, Houston, 77246Clinical Documentation Advisor/ManagerPosted Date: 2017-07-25Schumacher Clinical Partners - United States, TX, Houston, 77079Click here to search for more Clinical Medical Laboratory jobs in HOUSTON TX


Common Lab TestsGonorrhea Test 
(STD Testing) | MCV 
(CBC (Complete Blood Count) Test) | Hemoglobin (varies with altitude) 
(CBC (Complete Blood Count) Test) | Latex Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | Eye Allergies (Allergic Conjunctivitis) 
(Allergy Testing) | Sulfite Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | Bee Sting Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | Fall (Seasonal) Allergies 
(Allergy Testing) | Gamma-GT (gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase) 
(Comprehensive Metabolic Panel) | Alkaline phosphatase 
(Comprehensive Metabolic Panel) | 	
			
 











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Esa Toxicology Llc - Houston, TX - Clinical Medical Laboratory




























Search






Esa Toxicology Llc
Clinical Medical Laboratory in Houston Texas

Home >
Texas >
Houston >

Clinical Medical Laboratory


Profile Overview
Esa Toxicology Llc is listed as a health care organization in Houston, TX with Clinical Medical Laboratory listed as their primary specialization.  Their office phone number, address, ratings, provider comparisons, county health rankings, and specializations can be viewed below.





Office Location & Contact Information

Esa Toxicology Llc

2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON, TX 77477-3673






View Ratings Survey
 Get Directions
Phone and Fax:
 713-877-0600
 713-877-0601




Map and Directions
Ratings and Reviews
Additional Info
Compare Providers







Driving Directions and Map
Looking for mobile or regular driving directions to the office for Esa Toxicology Llc? View Directions

















Education, Experience, and Specialization(s)

Health Care Field:
Laboratories(Clinical Medical, Dental, and Physiological Laboratories)


Classification:
Clinical Medical Laboratory









Client / Patient Ratings for Esa Toxicology Llc 


Are you a patient of Esa Toxicology Llc or familiar with their services? Please consider filling out the ratings survey below to help prospective patients make an informed decision.View Full Ratings Survey
Overall:
How would you rate your overall experience? 


Recommend:
How likely would you be to recommend them to a friend or family member? 


Visit Again:
How likely would you be to schedule another appointment should you be in need of services they offer?

View Full Ratings Survey







Additional Information for Esa Toxicology Llc


Provider Type:
Organization

Definition:
Clinical Medical Laboratory Definition:

(1) A clinical laboratory is a facility for the biological, microbiological, serological, chemical, immunohematological, hematological, biophysical, cytological, pathological, or other examination of materials derived from the human body for the... 
Full Clinical Medical Laboratory Definition and Listings



Notes:
A portion of this doctor or health care provider's profile is based on their NPI number (1003229089).
(NPI Final Rule [PDF] from HHS and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services)
There are 6 additional listings for this city.




Additional:
Click to Update / Correct / Add Information(such as website, office hours, insurance accepted, appointment scheduling etc.)









Compare Esa Toxicology Llc


The following are a few ways you can compare nearby doctors and health care providers to find the right match for your care needs. You may also be interested in trying a new Search. Thank you for taking the time to visit us!
View Similar Profiles in HoustonThe doctors and health care providers below offer similar services as Esa Toxicology Llc in Houston. Profiles may also include costs for specific services and procedures, common referrals, ratings, and reviews. 
Quality Infusion Care
Cardioscan, Inc.
Xpress Clinical Laboratory Lp

Baylor College Of Medicine
Baylor Dermatopathology Laboratory
Mainland Pathology Associates Pa


Clinical Medical Laboratory Providers in Nearby Cities

Stafford
Richmond
Wharton


Sugar Land
Missouri City
Pearland













Page Categories:

TexasHouston Clinical Medical Laboratory







Find Doctors:

NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor





About:

Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use





© 2011 - 2017 eHealthScores is a free doctor and healthcare provider review and rating site designed to help residents of Houston and people throughout the United States find their care match. Patients and providers are encouraged to help others by submitting opening hours, forms of insurance, and appointment details.









Texas: ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC      HOUSTON TX 77477-3673 713-877-0600

















HealthCare Jobs, Medical Jobs, Nursing Jobs, Medical Technology JobsNPI Search for Physicians, Hospitals, Clinics, Nursing Homes, Therapy



PHYSICIAN NPI SEARCH



SPECIALISTS


allergists immunologists
cancer genetics
cardiothoracic surgery
crohn's disease colitis
dermatologic surgeons
eating disorders
endocrinology
epilepsy specialists
heart rhythm
hematology
neurology
oncology
orthopaedic surgery
otolaryngology
pediatric hematology
phlebology
physical medicine / rehab.
psychiatrists
radiology medical imaging
reproductive endocrinology
reproductive surgery
rheumatology
spine care
sports medicine
surgery
thyroid specialists
tremor specialists
urology



PROVIDERS


audiologists
dentists
dietitians
midwives
nurse practitioners
nurse registries
nursing
nutritionists
opticians
optometrists
periodontists
speech pathologists
veterinarians
  alternative providers:
acupuncture
alternative medicine
chiropractors



HOMES / CARE


adult daycare
assisted living
developmentally disabled
drug alcohol rehab
elder care
group homes
home health care
hospice
independent living
life care
long term care
nursing homes
residential care
retirement communities



PRODUCTS / SERVICES


abortion alternatives
abortion information
ambulance rescue
biological products
biotech
dental laboratories
diet weight loss
disability services
emergency contraception
exercise fitness
health management
health insurance
health plans
health services
medical billing
medical equipment
medical insurance
medical laboratories
medical records
medical transcription
pharmacy



THERAPY


child adolescent guidance
drug and alcohol education
marriage family counselors
massage therapists
mental health counselors
occupational health
physical therapy
pregnancy counseling
psychologists
psychotherapy
respiratory therapy
social workers



HOSPITALS / CLINICS


blood banks
cancer hospitals
dialysis centers
emergency care
health wellness
healthcare facilities
general hospitals
medical clinics
medical groups
mental health clinics
psychiatric hospitals
public health







ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC     Laboratories Clinical Medical Laboratory Provider NPI: 1003229089Organization Information: Organization Name:  ESA TOXICOLOGY LLCOrganization is not SubpartAuthorized Official:  JONA  WHALEN  GENERAL MANAGER  713-877-0600Practice Location: 2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200 HOUSTON, TX 77477-3673 USTel: 713-877-0600  Fax: 713-877-0601Business Mailing Address: 2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1200 HOUSTON, TX 77477-3673 USTel: 713-877-0600  Fax: 713-877-0601NPI Information:NPI: 1003229089Entity Type: OrganizationTaxonomy:PrimaryCodeCategory/DescriptionStateLicense NumberY291U00000XLaboratoriesClinical Medical LaboratoryOther Provider Identifiers:IssuerNumberStateTypeAmerican Medical Association 2012 taxonomy code informationCode: 291U00000XType: Classification: Definition: MEDICAL JOBS TX - Page 11 Med Surg Travel Nurse (RN) San Angelo, TX, USA  Unit: Med Surg / Location: San Angelo, TX / Shift: shift will be discussed during interview / Est. Bring Home Per Week: 1324.8 / Duration: 13 / Start Date: 2017-07-17 00:00:00.0 / Hours Per Week ......  Apply Now>>2 Medical Assistant Dallas, TX, USA  MEDNAX has grown from a single medical practice to a trusted health solutions partner with more than 10,000 employees and a presence in 50 states. Through our family of companies, we provide ......  Apply Now>>3 Med Surg Travel Nurse (RN) Temple, TX, USA  Unit: Med Surg / Location: Temple, TX / Shift: Night / Est. Bring Home Per Week: 932.8 / Duration: 13 / Start Date: 2017-07-25 00:00:00.0 / Hours Per Week: 36JOB ID: 255975Next Travel Nursing is ......  Apply Now>>4 Med Surg Travel Nurse (RN) in Paris, TX – 212271 Paris, TX, USA Med Surg / Location: Paris, TX / Shift: 12 hour days / Est. Bring Home Per Week: 0 / Duration: 36 Months / Start Date: 2017-01-04 00:00:00.0 / Hours Per Week: 36JOB ID: 212271Next Medical Staffing ......  Apply Now>>5 Med Surg Travel Nurse (RN) in Dallas, TX – 208579 Dallas, TX, USA Med Surg / Location: Dallas, TX / Shift: see notes / Est. Bring Home Per Week: 1492.8 / Duration: 13 / Start Date: 2017-01-04 00:00:00.0 / Hours Per Week: 36JOB ID: 208579Next Medical Staffing ......  Apply Now>>6 ECFMG Medical Scribe San Antonio, TX, USA  Electronic Medical Records scribe wanted for an extremely busy physician.-Experience in a medical office environment working directly with physicians and patients.-Able to operate as physician ......  Apply Now>>7 Emergency Medicine - Medical Director Corpus Christi, TX, USA  The Medical Director role will be working in the Emergency Medicine specialty, located in Christus Spohn Hosp Corpus Christi - South - EM Corpus Christi, TX. Please contact David Guffey at david ......  Apply Now>>8 Travel Nurse Medical Surgical - Med Surg RN El Paso, TX, USA  Travel Medical Surgical Nurses Needed Maine Travel Med Surg RN Nursing Assignments Hospital, LTAC, Rehab & SNF experience We presently donot have request for Home Health or Long Term Care. The Travel ......  Apply Now>>9 Emergency Medicine - Medical Director Pasadena, TX, USA  The Medical Director role will be working in the Emergency Medicine specialty, located in HealthOne Emergency Care Fairmont - EM Pasadena, TX. Please contact Gretchen Moen at gretchen.moen@emcare.com ......  Apply Now>>10 Medical Collections Sherman, TX, USA  Review unpaid medical accounts * Work patient account reports * Follow assigned collection processes * Call patients regarding delinquent balances Qualifications: * Previous experience in a medical ......  Apply Now>>11 Emergency Medical Scribe Duncanville, TX, USA  Our scribes work in the emergency department at Methodist Charlton Medical Center. We are offering both full time and part time positions. As a scribe you will: * Accompany the healthcare provider ......  Apply Now>>12 Emergency Medical Scribe Dallas, TX, USA  PhysAssist Scribes, Inc. is looking for experience-driven candidates who are pursuing careers in the medical field to join our team in Dallas. Our scribes work in various emergency departments around ......  Apply Now>>13 Medical Assistant Houston, TX, USA  We are seeking a Medical Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine clinical assignments to keep the medical facility running smoothly. Responsibilities: * Handle all ......  Apply Now>>14 Medical Assistant San Antonio, TX, USA  We are seeking a Medical Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep the medical facility running smoothly. Essential Duties and ......  Apply Now>>15 Medical Assistant Fort Worth, TX, USA  Are you an experienced Medical Assistant looking for a new opportunity with a prestigious healthcare company? Do you want the chance to advance your career by joining a rapidly growing company? If ......  Apply Now>>16 Medical Assistant - (Part time, Saturdays) San Antonio, TX, USA  A Medical Assistant is responsible for providing treatment to the patients and creating a positive relationship with the patients. They will also have day to day lab operations that must be taken ......  Apply Now>>17 Certified/Registered Medical Assistant Bellaire, TX, USA  We are seeking a Certified Medical Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep the medical facility running smoothly...  Apply Now>>18 Medical Assistants Midland, TX, USA  Seeking Medical Assistants for a busy medical office for a temporary project! This position could end up being long term! Job duties include: * Setting up rooms for patients * Taking vitals...  Apply Now>>19 Medical Scribe - Begin Your Career in Healthcare Here! Jacksboro, TX, USA  Our Medical Scribes assist directly with a physician team in a clinical setting to effectively and efficiently compile detailed electronic medical records/patient charts. Scribing provides incredible ......  Apply Now>>20 Med/Surg RN San Antonio, TX, USA  Maxim Healthcare Services are in need of RNs with Medical/Surgical experience. Opportunities at various hospitals throughout San Antonio. Interested candidates please send resumes to jucumpia ......  Apply Now>>21 Certified Medical Assistant San Antonio, TX, USA  We are seeking a Certified Medical Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep our medical office running efficiently...  Apply Now>>22 Full Time Medical Assistant for Ector County Employee Health Center Odessa, TX, USA  Busy family practice clinic in Odessa, Texas seeks an experienced medical assistant beginning immediately. Must have experience in venipuncture, as phlebotomy is a large part of each day. ESSENTIAL ......  Apply Now>>23 Medical Assistant Externship Austin, TX, USA  We are looking for a Medical Assistant student extern, interested in developing hands on experience in patient treatment duties, including: Patient Set-up, ROS and Vitals, Treatment Administration ......  Apply Now>>24 Medical Assistant (Temporary) - JO0036075 Midland, TX, USA Medical Assistant Coverage Dates: 7/31 - 8/2 Schedule: Monday, 7/31 8am-5pm Tuesday, 8/1 8am-5pm Wednesday, 8/2 8am-5pm Pay: $15.03 per hour Also, if you are new to All Medical/client site, you will ......  Apply Now>>25 Medical Office Specialist Harlingen, TX, USA  Express Employment is currently hiring a Medical Office Specialist for the Harlingen area. Interested candidates must have the following requirements to be considered: · Have at least 2 years in the ......  Apply Now>>26 Medical Assistant Austin, TX, USA  Lake Austin Asthma & Allergy Associates has an immediate need for a full-time qualified Medical Assistant to join our practice! Our clinic has been in existence for about 20 years, but we descend ......  Apply Now>>27 Medical Administrative assistant Arlington, TX, USA  We are seeking a Medical Administrative Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep the medical facility running smoothly...  Apply Now>>28 Medical Assistant Richardson, TX, USA  We are seeking a Medical Assistant to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep the medical facility running smoothly. Administrative Duties ......  Apply Now>>29 Medical Assistant -Plano,TX (TX044) Plano, TX, USA  We are currently looking for a bright, smart, professional Medical Assistant to join our team. The right candidate will have at least three years of Medical Assistant experience, great clinical and ......  Apply Now>>30 RN Travel Nurse Medical Intensive Care Unit (MICU) Fort Worth, TX, USA  Travel Nurses Needed - MICU Nationwide Medical Intensive Care Unit Nursing Jobs Looking for a MICU travel assignment? You are in the right place, the HCEN Network of staffing agencies have numerous ......  Apply Now>>31 Medical Assistant/Triage MA - North Central Pain Clinic San Antonio, TX, USA  Managing incoming calls from Pain Doctor patients with medical related concerns * Prioritizing and appropriately escalating triage phone calls based on clinical need * Scheduling patients as ......  Apply Now>>32 Medical Assistant Dallas, TX, USA  Keep exam rooms stocked with adequate medical supplies, maintain instruments, prepare sterilization as required * Take telephone messages and provide feedback and answers to patient/physician ......  Apply Now>>33 Medical Assistant, Become an Uber Driver Partner as Your Summer Part Time. San Antonio, TX, USA  Drive with Uber and get paid weekly in fares by helping our community of riders get around town. Driving with Uber is a great way to earn cash on your schedule. The more you drive, the more you can ......  Apply Now>>34 Medical Assistant Houston, TX, USA  JOB DESCRIPTION We are a thriving, three-location Family Clinic located in Houston, and have a need for a highly skilled Medical Assistants in our Wirt and Jones Rd. locations. BILINGUAL ENGLISH ......  Apply Now>>35 Medical Assistant in Kingwood, TX Kingwood, TX, USA  Radiant Dermatology and Aesthetics is seeking a Medical Assistant to become a part of our growing team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to keep the medical facility ......  Apply Now>>36 Medical Assistant Houston, TX, USA Medical Assistant SynergenX Health — Galleria Responsibilities We at SynergenX Health are here to offer customized programs for everyone’s health goals and needs. We specialize in helping people ......  Apply Now>>37 Bilingual Spanish Medical Assistant Irving, TX, USA  Must have a minimum of 2 years of working experience in a clinic setting Must present as very professional Must be able to think ahead of the physicians anticipating their needs Must know medical ......  Apply Now>>38 Bilingual Medical Assistant in the Houston & Humble Area Houston, TX, USA  We are seeking a Bilingual Medical Assistant With Experience In The Houston and Humble Area, ASAP. to become a part of our team! You will perform routine administrative and clinical assignments to ......  Apply Now>>39 Med Surg RN - Medical Surgical Registered Nurse El Paso, TX, USA  Revises the plan of care according to evaluation, changes in medical plan of care, and effective/ineffective nursing interventions. * Uses clinical judgment in evaluation activities to meet patient ......  Apply Now>>40 CMA - Certified Medical Assistant - Premier - PRN Houston, TX, USA  CMA - Certified Medical Assistant - Premier - PRNPremier Staffing Job Description Position responsible for performing direct and indirect patient care as outlined in the Skills Inventory, under the ......  Apply Now>>
TO CORRECT ERRORS ON THIS SITE CLICK HERE

© Coconut Island Software
    
contact
    
copyright stuff
    
privacy policy
    
Job Search by 







 


Job Search by 










Houston Texas Doctors and Providers





























Search






Houston Doctors and Health Care Providers





Home



 > 


Texas



 > 
 Houston



Please select the type of doctor or health care provider you are looking for in Houston, Texas.Currently there are 685 health care professions and a total of 46,382 doctors and professionals providing care to residents in Houston (Harris county).

Due to the large number of providers in many cities, it might be easier to use our search engine by clicking the link in the navigational bar at the top of the page or here: Search.
After selecting a listing you will be able to view contact information, ratings, medicare participation, and the cost of specific services and procedures.





Please Click on a Medical Specialty to view Professions and Specializations

Mental Health Providers, Social Workers, Therapists

Counselor

Specialization(s):
Addiction (Substance Use Disorder)


Mental Health


Pastoral


Professional


School


Psychoanalyst


Poetry Therapist


Clinical Neuropsychologist


Behavioral Analyst


Psychologist

Specialization(s):
Addiction (Substance Use Disorder)


Adult Development & Aging


Cognitive & Behavioral


Clinical


Counseling


Clinical Child & Adolescent


Exercise & Sports


Family


Forensic


Health


Health Service


Mental Retardation & Developmental Disabilities


Prescribing (Medical)


Psychoanalysis


Group Psychotherapy


Rehabilitation


School


Social Worker

Specialization(s):
Clinical


School


Marriage & Family Therapist


Doctors, Physicians, and Surgeons

Independent Medical Examiner


Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine, Sports Medicine


Neuromusculoskeletal Medicine & OMM


Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery


Transplant Surgery


Electrodiagnostic Medicine


Allergy & Immunology

Specialization(s):
Allergy


Clinical & Laboratory Immunology


Anesthesiology

Specialization(s):
Addiction Medicine


Critical Care Medicine


Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Pain Medicine


Pediatric Anesthesiology


Dermatology

Specialization(s):
MOHS-Micrographic Surgery


Dermatopathology


Clinical & Laboratory Dermatological Immunology


Pediatric Dermatology


Procedural Dermatology


Emergency Medicine

Specialization(s):
Emergency Medical Services


Undersea and Hyperbaric Medicine


Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Pediatric Emergency Medicine


Medical Toxicology


Family Medicine

Specialization(s):
Adolescent Medicine


Addiction Medicine


Adult Medicine


Bariatric Medicine


Geriatric Medicine


Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Sports Medicine


Sleep Medicine


Internal Medicine

Specialization(s):
Adolescent Medicine


Allergy & Immunology


Addiction Medicine


Bariatric Medicine


Cardiovascular Disease


Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiology


Critical Care Medicine


Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism


Gastroenterology


Geriatric Medicine


Hematology


Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Hematology & Oncology


Clinical & Laboratory Immunology


Hepatology


Interventional Cardiology


Infectious Disease


Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)


Nephrology


Pulmonary Disease


Rheumatology


Sports Medicine


Sleep Medicine


Transplant Hepatology


Medical Oncology


Medical Genetics

Specialization(s):
Clinical Cytogenetic


Clinical Genetics (M.D.)


Clinical Biochemical Genetics


Clinical Molecular Genetics


Ph.D. Medical Genetics


Neurological Surgery


Nuclear Medicine

Specialization(s):
Nuclear Cardiology


Nuclear Imaging & Therapy


In Vivo & In Vitro Nuclear Medicine


Obstetrics & Gynecology

Specialization(s):
Critical Care Medicine


Reproductive Endocrinology


Gynecology


Maternal & Fetal Medicine


Obstetrics


Gynecologic Oncology


Ophthalmology


Orthopaedic Surgery

Specialization(s):
Pediatric Orthopaedic Surgery


Hand Surgery


Adult Reconstructive Orthopaedic Surgery


Orthopaedic Surgery of the Spine


Foot and Ankle Surgery


Sports Medicine


Orthopaedic Trauma


Otolaryngology

Specialization(s):
Pediatric Otolaryngology


Sleep Medicine


Facial Plastic Surgery


Plastic Surgery within the Head & Neck


Otolaryngic Allergy


Otology & Neurotology


Otolaryngology / Facial Plastic Surgery


Pathology

Specialization(s):
Blood Banking & Transfusion Medicine


Clinical Pathology


Cytopathology


Dermatopathology


Forensic Pathology


Hematology


Immunopathology


Medical Microbiology


Neuropathology


Molecular Genetic Pathology


Anatomic Pathology


Anatomic Pathology & Clinical Pathology


Chemical Pathology


Clinical Pathology / Laboratory Medicine


Pediatric Pathology


Pediatrics

Specialization(s):
Adolescent Medicine


Child Abuse Pediatrics


Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine


Developmental ? Behavioral Pediatrics


Neurodevelopmental Disabilities


Pediatric Allergy / Immunology


Pediatric Cardiology


Pediatric Critical Care Medicine


Pediatric Emergency Medicine


Pediatric Endocrinology


Pediatric Gastroenterology


Pediatric Hematology-Oncology


Pediatric Infectious Diseases


Pediatric Nephrology


Pediatric Pulmonology


Pediatric Rheumatology


Sports Medicine


Sleep Medicine


Pediatric Transplant Hepatology


Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation

Specialization(s):
Hospice and Palliative Medicine


Neuromuscular Medicine


Spinal Cord Injury Medicine


Pediatric Rehabilitation Medicine


Pain Medicine


Sports Medicine


Plastic Surgery

Specialization(s):
Plastic Surgery Within the Head and Neck


Surgery of the Hand


Preventive Medicine

Specialization(s):
Aerospace Medicine


Undersea and Hyperbaric Medicine


Preventive Medicine / Occupational Environmental Medicine


Public Health & General Preventive Medicine


Medical Toxicology


Occupational Medicine


Psychiatry & Neurology

Specialization(s):
Addiction Medicine


Diagnostic Neuroimaging


Forensic Psychiatry


Neuromuscular Medicine


Neurology


Neurology with Special Qualifications in Child Neurology


Clinical Neurophysiology


Neurodevelopmental Disabilities


Psychosomatic Medicine


Psychiatry


Addiction Psychiatry


Child & Adolescent Psychiatry


Geriatric Psychiatry


Pain Medicine


Sleep Medicine


Vascular Neurology


Radiology

Specialization(s):
Body Imaging


Diagnostic Neuroimaging


Neuroradiology


Nuclear Radiology


Pediatric Radiology


Radiation Oncology


Diagnostic Radiology


Therapeutic Radiology


Vascular & Interventional Radiology


Radiological Physics


Diagnostic Ultrasound


Surgery

Specialization(s):
Surgical Critical Care


Surgery of the Hand


Pediatric Surgery


Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery


Trauma Surgery


Vascular Surgery


Surgical Oncology


Urology

Specialization(s):
Pediatric Urology


Colon & Rectal Surgery


General Practice


Thoracic Surgery (Cardiothoracic Vascular Surgery)


Hospitalist


Clinical Pharmacology


Pain Medicine

Specialization(s):
Pain Medicine


Interventional Pain Medicine


Legal Medicine


Dentists, Denturists, and Dental Hygienists

Dentist

Specialization(s):
Dental Public Health


Endodontics


General Practice


Oral and Maxillofacial Pathology


Pediatric Dentistry


Periodontics


Prosthodontics


Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery


Oral and Maxillofacial Radiology


Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics


Dental Hygienist


Dental Assistant


Optometrists, Eye and Vision Technicians

Optometrist

Specialization(s):
Corneal and Contact Management


Low Vision Rehabilitation


Pediatrics


Sports Vision


Vision Therapy


Occupational Vision


Technician / Technologist

Specialization(s):
Contact Lens


Contact Lens Fitter


Ophthalmic


Optometric Assistant


Ocularist


Optician


Orthoptist


Chiropractors

Chiropractor

Specialization(s):
Independent Medical Examiner


Internist


Neurology


Nutrition


Pediatric Chiropractor


Radiology


Rehabilitation


Sports Physician


Thermography


Occupational Health


Orthopedic


Dietitians and Nutritionists

Dietary Manager


Nutritionist

Specialization(s):
Nutrition, Education


Dietitian, Registered

Specialization(s):
Nutrition, Pediatric


Nutrition, Renal


Nutrition, Metabolic


Dietetic Technician, Registered


Hospitals

Chronic Disease Hospital

Specialization(s):
Children


Long Term Care Hospital


General Acute Care Hospital

Specialization(s):
Critical Access


Children


Women


Psychiatric Hospital


Rehabilitation Hospital


Special Hospital


Military Hospital

Specialization(s):
Military General Acute Care Hospital


Military General Acute Care Hospital. Operational (Transportable)


Podiatrists and Podiatric Surgeons

Assistant, Podiatric


Podiatrist

Specialization(s):
Public Medicine


Primary Podiatric Medicine


Sports Medicine


Foot & Ankle Surgery


Foot Surgery


RNs, LPNs, and additional Nursing Service Providers

Registered Nurse

Specialization(s):
Addiction (Substance Use Disorder)


Administrator


Critical Care Medicine


Case Management


Community Health


Continuing Education / Staff Development


Continence Care


Cardiac Rehabilitation


Diabetes Educator


Dialysis, Peritoneal


Emergency


Enterostomal Therapy


General Practice


Home Health


Hemodialysis


Hospice


Infusion Therapy


Lactation Consultant


Medical-Surgical


Nurse Massage Therapist (NMT)


Neonatal Intensive Care


Neonatal, Low-Risk


Nephrology


Neuroscience


Pain Management


Pediatrics


Psych / Mental Health


Psych / Mental Health, Adult


Ambulatory Care


Registered Nurse First Assistant


Rehabilitation


Reproductive Endocrinology / Infertility


Plastic Surgery


Urology


Wound Care


Women's Health Care, Ambulatory


Obstetric, High-Risk


Oncology


Otorhinolaryngology & Head-Neck


Orthopedic


Ostomy Care


Licensed Practical Nurse


Licensed Vocational Nurse


Licensed Psychiatric Technician


Respiratory, Developmental, Rehabilitative

 and Restorative Service Providers

Art Therapist


Developmental Therapist


Orthotist


Pedorthist


Prosthetist


Occupational Therapy Assistant

Specialization(s):
Environmental Modification


Orthotic Fitter


Physical Therapist

Specialization(s):
Cardiopulmonary


Electrophysiology, Clinical


Geriatrics


Hand


Neurology


Pediatrics


Sports


Orthopedic


Physical Therapy Assistant


Rehabilitation Practitioner


Specialist / Technologist

Specialization(s):
Athletic Trainer


Rehabilitation, Blind


Dance Therapist


Massage Therapist


Recreation Therapist


Music Therapist


Pulmonary Function Technologist


Rehabilitation Counselor

Specialization(s):
Assistive Technology Practitioner


Assistive Technology Supplier


Orientation and Mobility Training Provider


Occupational Therapist

Specialization(s):
Environmental Modification


Ergonomics


Feeding, Eating & Swallowing


Gerontology


Hand


Human Factors


Low Vision


Mental Health


Neurorehabilitation


Physical Rehabilitation


Pediatrics


Driving and Community Mobility


Kinesiotherapist


Respiratory Therapist, Certified

Specialization(s):
Critical Care


Educational


General Care


Home Health


Pulmonary Rehabilitation


Pulmonary Function Technologist


Palliative / Hospice


Patient Transport


Respiratory Therapist, Registered

Specialization(s):
Critical Care


General Care


Home Health


Pulmonary Diagnostics


Pulmonary Rehabilitation


Audiologists, Speech-Language Pathologists, Specialists / Technologists and Hearing Instrument Specialists

Audiologist

Specialization(s):
Assistive Technology Practitioner


Assistive Technology Supplier


Specialist / Technologist

Specialization(s):
Audiology Assistant


Speech-Language Assistant


Speech-Language Pathologist


Audiologist-Hearing Aid Fitter


Hearing Instrument Specialist


Clinics, Centers, and Ambulatory Health Care Facilities

Clinic / Center

Specialization(s):
Ambulatory Family Planning Facility


Ambulatory Fertility Facility


Adult Day Care


Amputee


Ambulatory Surgical


Birthing


Community Health


Corporate Health


Dental


Developmental Disabilities


Emergency Care


End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) Treatment


Endoscopy


Family Planning, Non-Surgical


Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC)


Genetics


Health Service


Hearing and Speech


Infusion Therapy


Mental Health (Including Community Mental Health Center)


Adult Mental Health


Adolescent and Children Mental Health


Military / U.S. Coast Guard Outpatient


Military Ambulatory Procedure Visits Operational (Transportable)


Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)


Multi-Specialty


Medical Specialty


Methadone Clinic


Public Health, Federal


Public Health, State or Local


Podiatric


Physical Therapy


Primary Care


Prison Health


Pain


Radiology


Radiology, Mammography


Radiology, Mobile Mammography


Radiology, Mobile


Rehabilitation


Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF)


Rehabilitation, Cardiac Facilities


Rehabilitation, Substance Use Disorder


Research


Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery


Ophthalmologic Surgery


Student Health


Sleep Disorder Diagnostic


Urgent Care


VA


Occupational Medicine


Oncology


Oncology, Radiation


Physician Assistants & Advanced Practice Nursing Providers

Physician Assistant

Specialization(s):
Medical


Surgical


Nurse Practitioner

Specialization(s):
Acute Care


Adult Health


Critical Care Medicine


Community Health


Family


Gerontology


Neonatal


Neonatal, Critical Care


Pediatrics


Pediatrics, Critical Care


Psych / Mental Health


Perinatal


Primary Care


Women's Health


Obstetrics & Gynecology


Occupational Health


Clinical Nurse Specialist

Specialization(s):
Acute Care


Adult Health


Critical Care Medicine


Community Health / Public Health


Family Health


Gerontology


Home Health


Medical-Surgical


Neonatal


Neuroscience


Pediatrics


Psych / Mental Health, Child & Adolescent


Psych / Mental Health


Psych / Mental Health, Adult


Psych / Mental Health, Child & Family


Psych / Mental Health, Geropsychiatric


Women's Health


Nurse Anesthetist, Certified Registered


Advanced Practice Midwife


Anesthesiologist Assistant


Technologists, Technicians & Other Technical Service Providers

Perfusionist


Radiology Practitioner Assistant


Spec / Tech, Pathology

Specialization(s):
Blood Banking


Chemistry


Cytotechnology


Hematology


Hemapheresis Practitioner


Histology


Immunology


Laboratory Management


Medical Technologist


Microbiology


Technician, Pathology

Specialization(s):
Histology


Medical Laboratory


Phlebotomy


Technician, Cardiology


Spec / Tech, Cardiovascular

Specialization(s):
Cardiovascular Invasive Specialist


Vascular Specialist


Sonography


Spec / Tech, Health Info

Specialization(s):
Coding Specialist, Hospital Based


Coding Specialist, Physician Office Based


Specialist / Technologist, Other

Specialization(s):
Certified First Assistant


EEG


Electroneurodiagnostic


Nephrology


Surgical Technologist


Technician, Health Information


Radiologic Technologist

Specialization(s):
Bone Densitometry


Cardiac-Interventional Technology


Computed Tomography


Radiography


Magnetic Resonance Imaging


Nuclear Medicine Technology


Radiation Therapy


Sonography


Vascular Sonography


Vascular-Interventional Technology


Technician, Other

Specialization(s):
EEG


Renal Dialysis


Pathology

Specialization(s):
Clinical Laboratory Director, Non-physician


Companions, Aides, Doulas, and Nursing Service Related Providers

Chore Provider


Adult Companion


Day Training / Habilitation Specialist


Technician

Specialization(s):
Attendant Care Provider


Personal Care Attendant


Doula


Home Health Aide


Nursing Home Administrator


Homemaker


Nurse's Aide


Pharmacists and Pharmacy Technicians

Pharmacist

Specialization(s):
Geriatric


Nutrition Support


Pharmacist Clinician (PhC) /  Clinical Pharmacy Specialist


Pharmacotherapy


Psychiatric


Oncology


Pharmacy Technician


Other Service Providers

Medical Genetics, Ph.D. Medical Genetics


Genetic Counselor, MS


Military Health Care Provider

Specialization(s):
Independent Duty Corpsman


Acupuncturist


Case Manager / Care Coordinator


Interpreter


Contractor

Specialization(s):
Home Modifications


Vehicle Modifications


Driver


Mechanotherapist


Legal Medicine


Reflexologist


Sleep Specialist, PhD


Specialist

Specialization(s):
Prosthetics Case Management


Research Study


Research Data Abstracter / Coder


Health Educator


Veterinarian


Lactation Consultant, Non-RN


Clinical Ethicist


Naturopath


Homeopath


Midwife


Lodging


Emergency Medical Service Providers

Personal Emergency Response Attendant


Emergency Medical Technician, Paramedic


Emergency Medical Technician, Intermediate


Emergency Medical Technician, Basic


Epilepsy, Psychiatric, Rehab, and Swing bed Hospital Units

Psychiatric Unit


Rehabilitation Unit


Medicare Defined Swing Bed Unit


Respite Care Facilities

Respite Care

Specialization(s):
Respite Care Camp


Respite Care, Mental Illness, Child


Respite Care, Mental Retardation and / or Developmental Disabilities, Child


Respite Care, Physical Disabilities, Child


Residential Treatment Facilities

Residential Treatment Facility, Mental Retardation and / or Developmental Disabilities


Residential Treatment Facility, Physical Disabilities


Community Based Residential Treatment Facility, Mental Illness


Community Based Residential Treatment, Mental Retardation and / or Developmental Disabilities


Residential Treatment Facility, Emotionally Disturbed Children


Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facility


Substance Abuse Rehabilitation Facility

Specialization(s):
Substance Abuse Treatment, Children


Assisted Living, Skilled Nursing, Custodial Care, and Hospice Facilities

Assisted Living Facility

Specialization(s):
Assisted Living, Mental Illness


Assisted Living, Behavioral Disturbances


Intermediate Care Facility, Mental Illness


Alzheimer Center (Dementia Center)


Custodial Care Facility

Specialization(s):
Adult Care Home


Nursing Facility / Intermediate Care Facility


Skilled Nursing Facility

Specialization(s):
Nursing Care, Pediatric


Hospice, Inpatient


Intermediate Care Facility, Mentally Retarded


Managed Care Organizations

Exclusive Provider Organization


Health Maintenance Organization


Preferred Provider Organization


Point of Service


Support Agencies

Local Education Agency (LEA)


Case Management


Day Training, Developmentally Disabled Services


Home Health


Home Infusion


Hospice Care, Community Based


Nursing Care


Public Health or Welfare


Community / Behavioral Health


PACE Provider Organization


Voluntary or Charitable


Supports Brokerage


Early Intervention Provider Agency


Foster Care Agency


In Home Supportive Care


Student, Health Care

Student in an Organized Health Care Education / Training Program


Blood Banks, DME, Pharmacies, and other Supplies

Military / U.S. Coast Guard Pharmacy


Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Pharmacy


Non-Pharmacy Dispensing Site


Durable Medical Equipment & Medical Supplies

Specialization(s):
Customized Equipment


Dialysis Equipment & Supplies


Nursing Facility Supplies


Parenteral & Enteral Nutrition


Oxygen Equipment & Supplies


Eyewear Supplier (Equipment, not the service)


Hearing Aid Equipment


Home Delivered Meals


Emergency Response System Companies


Pharmacy

Specialization(s):
Clinic Pharmacy


Community / Retail Pharmacy


Compounding Pharmacy


Home Infusion Therapy Pharmacy


Institutional Pharmacy


Long Term Care Pharmacy


Mail Order Pharmacy


Managed Care Organization Pharmacy


Specialty Pharmacy


Prosthetic / Orthotic Supplier


Portable X-Ray Supplier


Ambulances, Air Carriers, Buses, and other Transportation Services

Ambulance

Specialization(s):
Air Transport


Land Transport


Water Transport


Secured Medical Transport (VAN)


Non-emergency Medical Transport (VAN)


Taxi


Air Carrier


Bus


Private Vehicle


Transportation Broker


Clinical Medical, Dental, and Physiological Laboratories

Clinical Medical Laboratory


Dental Laboratory


Physiological Laboratory

Specialization(s):







Harris County Health Rankings
Harris county ranks 59th in Health Outcomes and 90th in Health Factors.These rankings are based on the results of 232 counties in Texas. Category-specific ranks and further details can be viewed at the following link:

View All 34 Harris Rankings




Hospitals in Harris County Texas





Memorial Hermann Surgical Hospital Kingwood



Surgery Specialty Hospitals Of America Se Houston



Tops Surgical Specialty Hospital

Our hospital profile pages include patient survey results, ratings, maps, phone numbers, and pricing information. You may also be interested in reading our article on What to Pack for a Hospital Visit.






Page Categories:


TexasHOUSTON






Find Doctors:


NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor






About:


Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use






















ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC; NPI #1003229089


































				NPI Lookup from the NPI Registry — National Provider Identifier Database
			







Search
















Home



Groups & Organizations



Laboratories



Clinical Medical Laboratory



ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC











ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC			
Clinical Medical Laboratory

				(1) A clinical laboratory is a facility for the biological, microbiological, serological, chemical, immunohematological, hematological, biophysical, cytological, pathological, or other examination of materials derived from the human body for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of any disease or impairment of, human beings. These examinations also include procedures to determine, measure, or otherwise describe the presence or absence of various substances or organisms in the body. Facilities only collecting or preparing specimens (or both) or only serving as a mailing service and not performing testing are not considered clinical laboratories. (2) Any facility that examines materials from the human body for purposes of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of any disease or impairment of, or the assessment of, the health of human beings. Typical divisions of a clinical laboratory include hematology, cytology, bacteriology, histology, biochemistry, medical toxicology, and serology.
			
















 Share
 Tweet
 Reviews








   Edit my contact information
Contact Information





ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC					

2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
SUITE 1200
HOUSTON, TX
						 77477-3673

 Phone: 713-877-0600
 Fax: 713-877-0601
 Website:

					





 
Specialty
Taxonomy Code
Specialty Code
Provider Type





Clinical Medical Laboratory
291U00000X






 Indicates primary specialty








 Edit contact information
















					NPI Profile & details for
ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC				
















NPI Number
1003229089


LBN Legal business name
ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC


Authorized official


											JONA WHALEN
												 - (GENERAL MANAGER)
										



Entity
Organization


Organization subpart 1


											No
									



Enumeration date
06/06/2014


Last updated

08/13/2015 - More than a year ago



Identifiers

										n/a
								












1

					Some organization health care providers are made up of components that furnish different types of health care or have separate physical locations where health care is furnished. These components and physical locations are not themselves legal entities, but are part of the organization health care provider (which is a legal entity).
					A covered organization provider may decide that its subparts (if it has any) should have their own NPI numbers. If a subpart conducts any HIPAA standard transactions on its own (e.g., separately from its parent), it must obtain its own NPI number.
				








Reviews
Post a Review






					Reviews for
					
ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC					


×
Thanks - Your review has been submitted! Please note that if we find that this review has violated our terms or is simply deemed unacceptable, we will remove it without notice.
				

						There are currently no reviews for
ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC						Be the first to post a comment or review.
					


					Read our reviews / comments about this provider to help you decide if they are right for you. Share your experience by posting a comment or review about this provider to help others decide which is right for them.
				



Add your review





Name



Rating

5 Star - Excellent
4 Star - Above Average
3 Star - Average
2 Star - Below Average
1 Star - Bad




Review / Comment





								Enter the correct information you see below
							














By submitting your comment, you agree to the following —

							All reviews and comments undergo rigorous screening and must adhere to our strict guidelines of ethics. We do not condone anything that is
							slanderous, disparaging, derogatory, offensive, prejudicial, insulting or simply rude.
							We will remove any comments that do not follow or meet these guidelines.
							NPIdb.org wants to encourage your right to free speech however we must also protect the reputation of the physician in question and make every effort
							so that no one is harmed by such careless remarks. When leaving a negative comment, please be tactful, objective and, if at all possible, polite.
							We reserve the right to remove any comment or review for any reason and without notice. Please do not abuse this privilege.
						








Nearby Laboratories



HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP530 HWY 6SUGAR LAND, TX



SUMMER DIAGNOSTIC LLC110 CHANDLER CTSUGAR LAND, TX



SPECTRACELL LABORATORIES, INC.10401 TOWN PARK DRHOUSTON, TX



QUALITY INFUSION CARE6671 SOUTHWEST FREEWAYHOUSTON, TX



INDEPENDENT FORENSICS OF TEXAS8300 BISSONNET ST SUITE 299HOUSTON, TX



HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP10161 W GRAND PARKWAY SRICHMOND, TX



HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP5225A BUFFALO SPEEDWAYHOUSTON, TX



LBJ LABORATORY SUPPORT SERVICES CORP.2626 SOUTH LOOP WEST SUITE 240HOUSTON, TX



BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE6501 FANNINHOUSTON, TX



HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP1701 W ALABAMA STHOUSTON, TX




  
				View all Laboratories









×
Share this page


Send a friend a link to this page



Your name



Email



Message
FYI - I found ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC online at http://npidb.org.





Cancel
 Share









×
Report abuse


Please tell us why you are reporting this review.


Your name







Message






Cancel
Submit


















Navigation

NPI Lookup
Doctors & Physicians
Medical Groups & Organizations
Medicare Contacts
Search Providers



Code Lookup

NPI Number
Taxonomy Codes
ICD-10 Code Lookup


HCPCS Codes



Popular Specialties

Physician Assistants
Family Medicine
Internal Medicine
Nurse Practitioners
View All ...



About Us

FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap






v2.201

































Houston Texas Clinical Medical Laboratory Providers




























Search







Clinical Medical Laboratory
 Providers in Houston





Home



 > 


Texas



 > 


Houston



 > 
Clinical Medical Laboratory









There are 210 listings for 
Laboratories, Clinical Medical Laboratory located in Houston, Texas (Harris county). Profile pages include contact information, office numbers, services offered, ratings, and directions. Having trouble finding a listing for the provider you are searching for? We suggest trying our search tool via the search link above.





Filter to narrow search:View Groups and Organizations Only

Last name begins with: 
| J
| O
| S
 |


Provider Name, Office, and Phone


OBSTETRICAL AND GYNECOLOGICAL ASSOCIATES, PLLC
7900 Fannin St - Suite 4000 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 512-7000


QUALITY INFUSION CARE
6671 Southwest Freeway - Suite 777 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (214) 692-6666


CARDIOSCAN, INC.
6560 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 796-1129


XPRESS CLINICAL LABORATORY LP
509 W Tidwell Rd - Suite 250 - 77091 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 692-8999


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS, PLLC
7400 Fannin St - Suite 700 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


BAYLOR PATHOLOGY CONSULTANTS
2525 W Bellfort St - Suite 130 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-3544


BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE
7401 Main St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 794-3513


BAYLOR DERMATOPATHOLOGY LABORATORY
6535 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-4133


BROWN & ASSOCIATES MEDICAL LABORATORIES LLP
2525 W Bellfort St - Suite 120 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 741-6677


MAINLAND PATHOLOGY ASSOCIATES PA
11949 Bissonnet St -  - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 988-6111


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
2727 W Holcombe Blvd -  - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-0220


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
7207 Gessner Dr -  - 77040 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 856-8288


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
17200 Red Oak #104 -  - 77090 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 586-7599


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
1200 Mckinney St - Ste 473 - 77010 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-4700


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
10701 Vintage Preserve Pkwy -  - 77070 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-1500


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
15655 Cypresswd Med Dr - Ste 1106a - 77014 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-1734


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
1111 Augusta Dr -  - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-2400


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
8470 Hwy 6 N - Ste 400 - 77058 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-4004


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
3701 Kirby Dr Ste 528 - Ste 528 - 77098 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-9500


HH-DL, LP
14440 John F Kennedy Blvd -  - 77032 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 227-2727


PROFESSIONAL CLINICAL LABORATORY INC
5314 Dashwood Dr - Third Floor - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (866) 776-5221


DIAGNOSTIC CLINIC OF HOUSTON LAB
1200 Binz St - Suite 300 - 77004 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 797-9191


MANGINI LAKHIA PATHOLOGY LABORATORY
1140 Business Center Dr - Ste 370 - 77043 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 271-6881


MEMORIAL HERMANN HEALTH SYSTEM
6411 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 704-6614


PHYSICIANS ONE SLEEP CENTER, LP
6300 Richmond Avenue - Suite 333 - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 621-4464


COMMUNITY MEDICAL LAB
8300 Homestead Rd -  - 77028 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 631-7425


ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF MEXICAN AMERICANS,INC
204 Clifton St -  - 77011 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 926-9491


APPLIED DIAGNOSTICS, INC.
1140 Business Center Dr - Suite 370 - 77043 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-3539


TEXAS MOBILE HEALTH INC
16427 Glenshannon Dr -  - 77059 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 333-5079


SPECTRACELL LABORATORIES, INC.
10401 Town Park Dr -  - 77072 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 621-3101


ACADEMIC INSTITUTE OF PATHOLOGY INC
6655 Hillcroft St - Suite 100 - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 779-1633


MEDICAL CENTER LABORATORIES II, LTD.
2525 W Bellfort St - Ste. # 197 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 661-8787


EXTENDED LABORATORY SERVICES, L.P.
6160 South Loop E -  - 77087 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 556-1662


UROLITHIASIS LABORATORY INC
9525 Katy Fwy - Suite 222 - 77024 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 464-4333


MEDICAL HEALTH LABORATORY INC
8240 Antoine Dr - # 203 - 77088 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 820-2020


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
4955 Highway 6 N -  - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 463-9148


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
6960 Barker Cypress Rd -  - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 345-1303


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
5895 San Felipe St -  - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 278-8474


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
11815 Westheimer Rd -  - 77077 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 497-8479


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
1550 Fry Rd -  - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 829-2565


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
3111 Woodridge Dr Ste 500 -  - 77087 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 847-0071


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
10100 Beechnut St -  - 77072 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 564-5209


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
10251 Kempwood Dr -  - 77043 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 996-0449


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
4303 Kingwood -  - 77339 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 361-0083


ST. JOSEPH DERMATOPATHOLOGY, P.A.
6909 Greenbriar St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 660-9444


VA MEDICAL CENTER
2002 Holcombe Blvd -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 794-7255


UT PHYSICIANS
6655 Travis St - 980 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-8334


THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER HOUSTON
6431 Fannin St - 2.008 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-5258


BERNSTEIN ASSOCIATED MANAGEMENT,LLC
4315 Lockwood Drive -  - 77026 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 670-0975


QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
5850 Rogerdale Rd -  - 77072 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 877-6000


BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE, MEDICAL GENETICS LABS
1 Baylor Plz - Ms: Nab 2015, Room 0280c - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-3295


EMPIRE CLINICAL LABORATORY, INC.
2101 Crawford St - Suite 211 - 77002 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 615-9200


HARRIS COUNTY PUBLIC HEALTH & ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES LABORATORY
3330 Old Spanish Trl - Suite 103 - 77021 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 440-3051


SML INC.
7501 Fannin St - Suite 800 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 791-9300


WILKENFELD MEDICAL LABORATORIES, I, LTD.
8830 Long Point Rd - Suite 104 - 77055 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 464-5326


SONIC LABZONE
8800 W Sam Houston Pkwy S - Suite 241 - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 546-8791


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
13114 Fm 1960 Rd W -  - 77065 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-4000


THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER AT HOUSTON DENTAL BRANCH
7500 Cambridge St - Suite 5371 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 486-4405


ST MICHAELS LABS INC
3726 Dacoma St -  - 77092 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 812-1612


DELTA X-RAY INC.
2403 Fannin St -  - 77002 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 650-0031


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
9828 Blackhawk Blvd -  - 77075 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 991-3762


ELITE CLINICAL LABORATORY, INC
427 West 20th Street - Suite # 201 - 77008 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 691-1654


UT MD ANDERSON CANCER CENTER
1515 Holcombe Blvd Unit 72 -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 792-6327


PLANNED PARENTHOOD GULF COAST, INC.
4600 Gulf Fwy -  - 77023 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 522-6240


CARL ROUNTREE, M.D. & ASSOCIATES
1740 W 27th St -  - 77008 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 868-5861


CISKA LABORATORIES, LLC
8300 Homestead Rd - Suite 2 - 77028 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 633-0600


SBM DIAGNOSTICS, INC.
1720 Dryden Rd # 226 -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (800) 420-1481


CITY CLINICAL LAB
6300 Hillcroft Ave - Suite 100 B - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (718) 484-8708


HEB GROCERY COMPANY LP
10919 Louetta Rd -  - 77070 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 257-4655


SLEEP STUDY USA
800 Peakwood Dr - Suite 4e - 77090 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 586-0808


APOCELL, INC.
2575 W Bellfort St - Suite 190 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-3545


DIAGNOSTIC VIROLOGY LABORATORIES
6701 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-1750


UT PHYSICIANS
6411 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-5301


DIAGNOSTIC VIROLOGY LAB
6621 Fannin St -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 824-2280


BCM CLINIC LAB
6620 Main St - Suite 11d.23 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-2313


ACADEMIC INSTITUTE OF PATHOLOGY INC
6655 Hillcroft St Ste 100 -  - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 663-6326


NORMAN B FRANKEL ET AL PTR
1701 Sunset Blvd -  - 77005 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 520-4713


MY HEALTH LAB
4106 Tidewater Dr -  - 77045 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 517-1875


HOUSTON FERTILITY LABORATORY LLC
2500 Fondren Rd Ste 350 -  - 77063 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 782-8279


ACCESS CLINICAL LABORATORY, LLC
509 W Tidwell Rd Ste 250 -  - 77091 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 692-8999


EXPRESS BIOMED LLP
13921 Old Chocolate Bayou Rd -  - 77048 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 776-3266


SPRING ER LLC
6300 Richmond Ave - #333 - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (214) 692-6666


LBJ LABORATORY SUPPORT SERVICES CORP.
2626 South Loop West Suite 240 -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 592-0343


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
9710 Katy Fwy -  - 77055 - Houston, TX
 - (210) 938-7694


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
5225a Buffalo Speedway -  - 77005 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 664-3426


QUALITY LABORATORY SERVICES, INC.
6300 Richmond Avenue - Suite 350 - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 621-4464


UNIVERSITY PATHOLOGISTS
6431 Fannin St - Msb 2.136 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-5301


KIDS 'N TEEN CLINICS, P.A.
2925 W T C Jester Blvd Ste 1 -  - 77018 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 681-7334


HEALTH CHECK CLINICS AND LABS
2925 West T C Jester Blvd Ste 10 -  - 77018 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 681-7334


ELITE CLINICAL LABORATORY, INC
8311 Knight Rd -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 383-9211


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
6641 Grand Blvd -  - 77021 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 856-8288


AA PATHOLOGY, PLLC
7777 Sw Fwy - Suite 544 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 541-0000


BEN TAUB GENERAL HOSPITAL
1504 Taub Loop - 2nd Floor Pathology Department - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 873-3266


LBJ LABORATORY SUPPORT SERVICES, LLC
2626 S Loop W - Suite 248 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 592-0343


BAYLOR PATHOLOGY CONSULTANTS
1 Baylor Plz - Rm S238 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-3544


ACCESS CLINICAL LABORATORY, LLC
8311 Knight Rd -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 383-9211


PRESTIGE LABORATORY, LLC
6624 Fannin St - Suite 2480 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 467-5414


UT PHYSICIANS
6431 Fannin St - Mse 401a, 406e - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-5084


TCC GLOBAL
525 N Sam Houston Pkwy E - Suite # 355 - 77060 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 510-8566


MEDICLAB CLINICAL LABORATORY,LLC
13900 Beechnut St. Suite D -  - 77083 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 495-4700


SANDRA POLOE DBA A1 LABORATORY
2646 S Loop W - Suite 500 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 931-4848


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS PLLC
7400 Fannin St - Suite 700 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


MICROBIOLOGY SPECIALISTS INC.
8911 Interchange Dr -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 663-6888


USA HUMANITARIANS, INC.
13711 Garden Springs Dr -  - 77083 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 564-3455


VITA CLINICAL LABORATORY
975 Corbindale Rd - Suite 202 - 77024 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 501-8511


BIOMED CLINICAL LABORATORIES, INC.
6250 Westpark Dr - 328 - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 677-0627


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
12680 W Lake Houston Pkwy -  - 77044 - Houston, TX
 - (210) 938-2614


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS PLLC
7400 Fannin St Ste 700 -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS, PLLC
7777 Southwest Fwy - Suite 650 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS, PLLC
902 Frostwood Dr - Suite 184 - 77024 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS, PLLC
1631 North Loop W - Suite 410 - 77008 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


CENTER FOR MEDICAL GENETICS, PLLC
11811 Fm 1960 Rd W - Suite 104 - 77065 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


GOODGEN LLC
10301 Stella Link Rd - Ste C - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 363-7478


CENTURY PATHOLOGY, LLC
9150 S Main St -  - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 589-6879


ELITE CLINICAL LABORATORY LLC
1917 Ashland St Ste 120 -  - 77008 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 485-7155


GASTROENTEROLOGY & LIVER ASSOCIATES, PLLC
3030 S Gessner Rd - Suite 290 - 77063 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 783-4252


A-Z PATHOLOGY, PLLC
7777 Sw Fwy - Suite 544 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 541-0000


QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
411 Lantern Bend Ste #100 -  - 77090 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 444-3278


BRLI - GENPATH DIAGNOSTICS, INC
7900 Fannin St -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (201) 791-2600


MEGA CLINICAL LAB, INC
7457 Harwin Dr - Suite 149 - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 822-1222


INDEPENDENT FORENSICS OF TEXAS
8300 Bissonnet St Suite 299 -  - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 846-4577


BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE
6501 Fannin - Suite Na-404 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-3005


TOTAL CARE LABORATORY LLC
7400 Harwin Dr - Suite 311 - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-7403


IVAL,LLC DBA LABXPRESS
8124 Long Point Rd -  - 77055 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 647-0011


IVAL,LLC DBA LABXPRESS
11242 Fm 1960 Rd W - Suite 106 - 77065 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 894-0200


NATIONAL MEDICAL LAB LLC
6550 Mapleridge St - Suite 217 - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 827-9796


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
1701 W Alabama St -  - 77098 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 807-7293


UT PHYSICIANS
6431 Fannin St - Msb 6. 246 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-7374


PETERSON DNA TESTING
2620 Fountain View Dr - 117 - 77057 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 846-4577


BIO REFERENCE LABORATORIES, INC
7900 Fannin St - Ste 1000 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (800) 229-5227


CITY OF HOUSTON
8000 N Stadium Dr -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 393-4929


COMPANION DX REFERENCE LAB, LLC
10301 Stella Link Rd Ste C -  - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 538-1600


TEXAS MEDICAL TOXICOLOGY, LLC
7707 Fannin St - Ste 290 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 360-3050


BAYLOR COLLEGE OF MEDICINE
1102 Bates Ave Ste 430.09 -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 824-4152


TESTCHECK INC
5090 Richmond Ave # 101 -  - 77056 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 804-9493


DE NOVO DIAGNOSTICS
2525 W Bellfort St - Suite 160 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 661-8787


EZ-LAB-TEST
6633 Hillcroft St - Suite#261 - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 975-8601


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
9503 Jones Rd -  - 77065 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 894-5237


BIO REFERENCE LABORATORIES, INC.
7400 Fannin St - Ste 950 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (800) 229-5227


SOUTHSIDE DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES, LLC
7700 Main St - Suite 310 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 553-1327


SJAP CYTOLOGY ASSOCIATES PLLC
11949 Bissonnet St -  - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 988-6111


MEDICAL MOBILE SERVICES
19743 Southaven Dr -  - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 504-6392


DRUWEL LLC
4101 San Jacinto St - Suite 103 - 77004 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 492-0901


AUSPICIOUS LABORATORY INC.
7400 Harwin Dr - #258 - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 266-0808


ECOCHECK LABORATORIES LLC
2925 W T C Jester Blvd - 15 - 77018 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 263-8582


A&M HEALTH CARE SERVICES LLC
10414 Rockley Rd - A&m Health Care Services, Llc - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 617-7586


ATWELL MEDICAL GROUP
6915 Atwell Dr -  - 77081 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 664-7800


QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
1315 St Joseph Pkwy -  - 77002 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 654-8128


QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
7500 San Felipe St - Suite 1050 - 77063 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 975-8353


ECOCHECK LABORATORIES LLC
2925 W T C Jester Blvd - Suite 15 - 77018 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 263-8582


AMERIGENE PGT, LLC
7707 Fannin St -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (205) 699-1632


ADVANCES IN HEALTH, INC.
7515 S. Main - Suite 360 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 795-5964


DAVINCI INNOVATIONS, LLC
9150 Main St - Suite C - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (844) 384-5887


UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SCHOOL OF PUBLIC HEALTH
1200 Hermann Pressler Dr - Room 741 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 500-9371


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
560 Meyerland Plaza Mall -  - 77096 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-0000


CENTRAL CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
1322 Space Park Dr - Suite A195 - 77058 - Houston, TX
 - (817) 915-1800


GENE BY GENE LTD
1445 North Loop W - Suite 820 - 77008 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 868-1438


CMG LABORATORIES, LLC
7400 Fannin St - Suite 700c - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 790-1990


SAM HOUSTON PARK DIAGNOSTICS, LLC
6201 Bonhomme Rd - 434 S - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 975-1151


PROGENITY INC.
2950 S Gessner Rd - Suite 215 - 77063 - Houston, TX
 - (855) 293-2639


CLARIENT DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES, INC.
2575 W Bellfort St - Suite 2001 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 528-4363


LODESTAR DIAGNOSTIC LABORATORY, INC.
11301 Fallbrook Dr Ste 108 -  - 77065 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 380-5818


QUICC EXPRESS MOBILE PHLEBOTOMY
6724 Kittridge St -  - 77028 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 836-2883


SUMMIT PATHOLOGY, LLC
7777 Southwest Fwy - Suite 554 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 777-3639


NEER DIAGNOSTIC LABORATORY LLC
4994 Highway 6 N # 104d -  - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 345-7685


ESA TOXICOLOGY LLC
2100 West Loop South - Suite 1200 - 77477 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 877-0600


COMPANIONDX REFERENCE LAB, LLC
10301 Stella Link Rd Ste C -  - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 701-0437


COMPANIONDX LAB
10301 Stella Link Rd Ste C -  - 77025 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 701-0437


CASTLE MEDICAL, LLC
7515 Main St - Suite 340 - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (770) 757-5553


PIONEER LAB HOUSTON, LP
10700 Stancliff Rd -  - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 300-4649


QUEST DIAGNOSTICS CLINICAL LABORATORIES INC
8200 Wednesbury Lane - Ste 450 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 271-3820


HAIDER DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES LLC
2000 Crawford St - Suite 1111 - 77002 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 888-5564


SUPERIOR SLEEP CENTER
5535 Memorial Dr - #664 - 77007 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 623-6762


SUNSET LABS, LLC
2646 S Loop W - Suite 665 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 973-7246


SOUTHWEST WOMEN'S HEALTH ALLIANCE, PLLC
7900 Fannin St Ste 4000 -  - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 512-7500


ELECTRO DIAGNOSTICS
5535 Memorial Dr - #664 - 77007 - Houston, TX
 - (817) 343-3009


SALUSRX
5535 Memorial Dr # 664 -  - 77007 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 702-8271


SOUTHWEST ANDROLOGY SERVICES, LLC
7900 Fannin St - Suite 4700 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 512-7682


HFS IVF LABORATORY, LLC
7900 Fannin St - Suite 3100 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 512-7900


SOUTHWEST HORMONE LABORATORY, LLC
7900 Fannin St - Suite 4700 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 512-7682


LANDMARK DIAGNOSTICS, LLC
9350 Kirby Dr - Suite 150 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (888) 549-8670


MEDICAL LABS AT HOME, INC.
5600 S Willow Dr Ste 203 -  - 77035 - Houston, TX
 - (817) 715-7414


KEY SLEEP STUDY, INC.
12000 Wilcrest Dr - Ste 204 - 77031 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 230-4727


BAYLOR MIRACA GENETICS LABORATORIES LLC
2450 Holcombe Blvd - Ste O100 - 77021 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 798-6555


HOUSTON PARK PRECISE DIAGNOSTICS LLC
6201 Bonhomme Rd Ste 408s -  - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (847) 668-7889


ACCUCARE LABORATORY LLC
11000 S Wilcrest Dr - Suite 127 - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 974-0401


AMERIHEALTH LABORATORY LLC
7025 W Tidwell Rd - Suite H-104 - 77092 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 779-0165


GENEX LABORATORIES, LLC
9301 Southwest Fwy - Suite 365 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 844-0020


KFM DIAGNOSTIC LABS
324 Fm 1960 Rd Ste 101b -  - 77073 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 265-1752


LAB SOURCE SERVICES
324 Fm 1960 Rd Ste 101a -  - 77073 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 265-1752


MISSION DIAGNOSTICS, LLC
10414 Rockley Rd -  - 77099 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 617-7586


EPC LAB
9539 Huffmeister Road -  - 77095 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 593-8100


GENEX LABORATORIES II, LLC
9301 Southwest Fwy - Suite 366 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 982-2500


BRADLEY AND GRAY, INC
440 Benmar Dr - Suite 2020 - 77060 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 232-4147


BIOPSY STAT
3030 S Gessner Rd Ste 270 -  - 77063 - Houston, TX
 - (214) 422-6416


PINNACLE PATHOLOGY
7777 Southwest Fwy - Suite 554 - 77074 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 777-1046


MY LABS
10823 Southview St -  - 77047 - Houston, TX
 - (832) 880-4063


BIO REFERENCE LABORATORIES, INC.
8282 El Rio St - Ste 100 - 77054 - Houston, TX
 - (800) 229-5227


HEB GROCERY COMPANY, LP
3501 Clear Lake Blvd -  - 77059 - Houston, TX
 - (210) 938-2713


MPP MSO PLLC
550 Westcott St - Suite 520 - 77007 - Houston, TX
 - (336) 864-6694


HAIDER DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES LLC
2000 Crawford Street - Suite 1125 - 77002 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 888-5564


STX MOLECULAR LABORATORIES
12280 Westheimer Rd - Suite 12a - 77077 - Houston, TX
 - (972) 564-8811


DRUWEL LLC DBA ACT DNA DRUG AND ALCOHOL TESTING
5330 Griggs Rd - Suite G-103 - 77021 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 522-3930


LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA
6624 Fannin St - 20 Th Floor - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 442-0957


HALWES, LLC
5431 Barker Cypress Rd - Ste. 1400 - 77084 - Houston, TX
 - (281) 656-8734


Sungwoo Jung
2002 Holcombe Blvd - Vamc Bldg 100, Room 3a-320b. - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 794-7280


Christopher Onwenu MLS (ASCP)
7400 Harwin Dr - Suite 311 - 77036 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 481-7403


Raymond Sabo
 - (858) 436-4060


Dr. Usha Shah MD
35 Mott Ln -  - 77024 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 952-2693


Mitsushige Sugimoto
2002 Holcombe Blvd -  - 77030 - Houston, TX
 - (713) 794-7280




Cities closest to Houston with Clinical Medical Laboratory Listings:


Pasadena
Baytown
Humble


Spring
Tomball
Bellaire







Page Categories:
Texas Houston




Find Doctors: 
NPI Search
Psychologists
Dentists
Family Doctor




About:
Privacy Policy
F.A.Q.
Terms of Use













Vampire Lab Turns To Old Trick To Grow Business: Physician Owned Labs 





































































CardioBriefOne-stop source for cardiology news and links
Home
About
 





Vampire Lab Turns To Old Trick To Grow Business: Physician Owned Labs
February 11, 2016  by Larry Husten 10 Comments (Updated)
True Health Diagnostics, the new laboratory that bought the assets and adopted the business model of the disgraced and bankrupt laboratory company Health Diagnostic Laboratory (HDL), is turning to some old, unethical, and illegal tricks to grow its business.
As I’ve reported previously, one key to the spectacular growth of HDL laboratory involved surreptitious bribes to doctors– often in the form of excessive processing and handling (P&H) fees. In the wake of the government investigation of HDL and the company’s subsequent collapse this strategy is no longer viable.




Now evidence has emerged that True Health is turning to the old trick of physician owned laboratories to incentivize its physician customers. With few exceptions, physician owned laboratories are illegal. Dating to the late 1980s, the Stark law prohibits physicians from owning laboratories and other business entities from which they can benefit from self-referral.
“The real problem,” one industry veteran told me, “is the incentives and selling clinical tools and services, not as a way to benefit patient outcomes, but as a means to increase cash flow.”
Rumors have been circulating for months that True Health was engaging in various schemes to give financial incentives to doctors. I now have documents that offer an in-depth glimpse at the details of one of these schemes.




Connecting The Dots…
The documents originate from Travis Boulware, a Managing Partner at Boulevard Endeavors LLC. “We Are a Company of Passionate Drug Test Management People,” the company’s website proclaims in bold letters, though the rest of the website is an empty shell. Boulware formerly worked at Ameritox, a company that paid the US government $16 million in fines because, you guessed it, the company bribed doctors to use its tests.
It is probably not a coincidence that Chris Grottenthaler, the CEO of True Health, previously served as the VP of finance for Ameritox. Ameritox,  which specialized in drug testing, was a “pioneer” in the use of bribes to entice doctors to use their tests.
I received a copy of an email sent by Boulware to a doctor, offering the doctor Boulware’s help in setting up “Physician Owned Entities including laboratories.” This email shows how True Health and its partners have cooked up a toxic stew that combines the Ameritox drug testing scheme with the HDL cardiovascular risk testing scheme and additional services.




“The email describes at least five different ways the physician can order diagnostic procedures and lab tests for a range of issues, such as pain management, drugs-of-abuse testing, wellness, and heart/cardiovascular function,” explained Robert Michel, Editor-in-Chief of The Dark Report, an intelligence service covering the clinical laboratory industry. “The email further states that the physician can generate additional revenue per patient by adding these lab tests and diagnostic procedures to the medical practice—although that physician has never determined there is the clinical need for these lab tests and diagnostics before now.”
“This email illustrates how these companies are willing to push compliance with federal and state laws that define illegal types of inducements and kickbacks,” he continued. “These companies cannot profit unless the physician decides to begin ordering these lab tests and diagnostic procedures, which are often medically unnecessary. Not only is this a violation of the federal and state anti-kickback laws, but they put patients at risk of harm while increasing the cost of healthcare.”
In the email Boulware wrote to the doctor (click here to read the entire email message):




“Within the primary care scope of practice, it is common to send out many services without seeing any revenue back. After my review, I can present a few options to consider including but not limited to; Physician Owned Entity, in-house simple screening devices, and possibly looking at how diseases are managed from a clinic organizational structure.”
The Documents
Boulware included a number of documents that provide important details about the scheme:
There is a Non-Disclosure Agreement, about the lab company, called ESA Toxicology LLC, in which the doctor is being invited to invest for the purpose of referring specimens in the kickback scheme.
A chart showing the return on investment of a cardiac testing device, the Max Pulse, showing that doctors can make over $120,000 a year giving the test to 5 patients every day. (It should be noted here that there is currently no guideline-accepted indication for the widespread use of this device in clinical practice.)
A pro forma spreadsheet showing the business model of the toxicology testing physician-owned lab. This suggests that the physician can earn nearly $7,000 each month by referring his or her own patients to the lab.
A sample results form from True Health Diagnostics. It should be noted that these broad panels, like the very similar panels sold by HDL, have absolutely no legitimate indication in common clinical practice.
The point of all these documents is to demonstrate the financial benefits of these tests and devices to the doctor. Completely lost in the process is any concern for the patient.
Update, February 17–
In an apparent response to the letter sent by Boulware to the physician, a lawyer representing True Health Diagnostics sent a cease and desist letter to Boulware. In the letter, True Health denies any association with the revenue opportunity schemes proposed by Boulware or any affiliation between Boulware’s company and True Health.
The law firm representing True Health is Perkins Coie, according to the letterhead on the letter to Boulware. The lawyer’s name and address is redacted on the copy I received. According to an article in Richmond BizSense, a Perkins Coie lawyer, Eric Walker, represented Robert Bradford Johnson, one of the owners of BlueWave, the sales team closely tied to HDL. True Health has stated that the owners of BlueWave have no association with True Health, but, as the BizSense article reported, Johnson represented True Health at a trade show and True Health, a private company, has not disclosed the names of its owners. (As I reported recently the owners of BlueWave have had their assets frozen by the government.)
 
Previous Stories About HDL and True Health Diagnostics:

Beyond Kickbacks: More Questions About Unnecessary Cardiovascular Biomarker Tests
Way Beyond Kickbacks: More Serious Misconduct Alleged Against Medical Testing Company HDL
Embattled HDL Laboratory CEO Resigns Amid Federal Investigation
Doctor: You’re Going To Have A Heart Attack! Patient: Your Tests Results Are Giving Me A Heart Attack!
Cigna Sues Embattled HDL Laboratory For $84 Million
Embattled Lab Nears Settlement With Government Over Kickbacks
DOJ Settles With Embattled Lab, Criminal Charges For Executives Still Possible
Inside The Scandal: Profit And Greed At An Embattled Laboratory Company
Embattled Laboratory Files For Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy Judge Approves Sale Of Embattled Diagnostic Lab Company
Zombie Laboratory Company Sics Bill Collectors On Patients Promised Free Tests
New Lab Company Seeks To Bury Links To Zombie Lab And Rogue Sales Team
A Lab Industry Veteran Deciphers The Zombie Lab Enigma
The Real Losers In The Zombie Versus Vampire Lab Company Court Battle

Related Documents:
 
Solicitation email from Travis Boulware
 
Non-Disclosure Agreement [PDF]

Toxicology Testing Proforma
True Health Diagnostics Sample Results
True Health 2016-02-15 Cease and Desist to Boulevard_Redacted-2
 
 
 
Share this page:TwitterEmailFacebookLinkedInPrintRedditGoogleTumblrLike this:Like Loading...

Related

Filed Under: Classics, People, Places & Events, Policy & Ethics, Uncategorized Tagged With: HDL, Health Diagnostics Laboratory, True Health Diagnostics 



View Comments


Comments



 Jed Dinar says: 

April 18, 2016 at 8:53 AM



And ESA toxicology continues to grow. Is there any legal backlash for physicians that use this group?


Reply 




 Jed Dinar says: 

July 12, 2016 at 11:48 PM



Any response to Jed’s question? I’ve had several physician friends mention this group.


Reply 




 Kathy says: 

September 13, 2016 at 8:05 PM



I am reporting to Fraud Dept. As I continued to investigate a 2nd doctor of mine sent urine to this lab April of 2015. My ins. paid them $15K!!!











 Kathy says: 

September 1, 2016 at 7:53 PM



I’ve lost all respect for my doctor. I just received a bill for $2,321.20…for a routine urine test to make sure that I am not on drugs before refilling my prescriptions.  Complete and Utter BS!!!! My lawyer is getting involved!


Reply 




 Tina K. Ing says: 

October 15, 2016 at 4:51 PM



I have not got any bills from THD. However, they did file the claim to my insurance company in the amount of $7768. The claim was denied. I was shocked to see the claim when I saw the claim on my insurance website. I mean this was for routine physical check-up, how can a routine physical check-up be this high?


Reply 






 [email protected] says: 

January 3, 2017 at 1:24 PM



I Googled the company to learn there are a lot of folks getting bills this month for ridiculous amounts for drug screening.  Mine totaled over $22,000.00 for urine testing.


Reply 




 Stephani Espinoza says: 

January 5, 2017 at 3:22 PM



How can we report (ESA Toxicology, LLC) and the PA that ordered this test. I had a routine urine sample and they billed at $17,452.43 and my insurance paid $11,629,32. Now they are trying to say I owe $2,332,62. Utter and complete garbage. I did reach out to my doctors office and they are saying I am not responsible for the balance due. Hmm seems shady to me. I reached out to ESA and they are going to mail me a hardship form. 
I did reach out to my insurance company about this claim and they said they would forward it on to the fraud dept but I never heard back :/ The rep said there wasn’t much they could do because they had already paid the lab.


Reply 




 Camille J. Brown says: 

January 6, 2017 at 12:00 PM



I’m hearing more and more about these physician kickbacks. Ironically, what is supposed to help them (though illegal) will actually drive their business away altogether as people like myself will begin to avoid the industry entirely!


Reply 




 Connie Davis says: 

January 18, 2017 at 5:38 PM



I went to Lifestream Health Center in Coppell Texas because of fatigue and a friend recommended them.They said they were going to do a more extensive blood work up… they BILLED MY INSURANCE COMPANY OVER $13,000.00 FOR 64 test… they tested everything – They ordered the blood test through True Health Diagnostics. I believe there must be kick backs or something going on. I am appalled at this. This was uncalled for and if they had informed me that it was this expensive, I would have never done it. Total collusion.


Reply 




 Kellie B says: 

April 24, 2017 at 1:00 PM



I am so thankful for your article.  I work for a very rural critical access hospital.  We have been struggling financially and have been approached by several vultures who would like to provide us with a “joint opportunity”.  In essence it could save our hospital.  I believe that they specifically search out hospitals that are in dire straits to do their dirty work…the billing portion.  Something didn’t seem right about their business model but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. Thank you for filling in the missing pieces.  We may go under but at least we will still have our integrity.


Reply 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply








 



 



Most Popular Posts
 

						Nissen Calls Statin Denialism A Deadly Internet-Driven Cult					



						Heart Failure Death Statistics: Don’t believe what you read on the internet					



						Guest Post: Vegetable Oils, (Francis) Bacon, Bing Crosby, And The American Heart Association					



						The Wild West Of New Laboratory Scams					



						My Beef With The AHA's Saturated Fat Recommendations					



						Potential Benefits And Dangers of New Troponin Tests					



						Top Cardiologist Blasts Nutrition Guidelines					



						The American Heart Association's Strong Stance Against Science					



						27,000 Patient PCSK9 Inhibitor Trial Meets Main Endpoints					



						Enormous Rivaroxaban Study Stopped Early For 'Overwhelming Efficacy'					


Cardio Brief Classics
The Italian Research Scandal Grows: New Questions And More ConfusionStem Cell Therapy To Fix The Heart: A House Of Cards About To Fall?Newly Elected European Society Of Cardiology President Co-Authored Hundreds Of Papers With Don PoldermansDon Poldermans And The Dutch Research ScandalLetter From Jail: A Cautionary TaleWhy Doctors, Like Airline Pilots, Should Not Be Completely Trusted. Does Anyone Really Think Industry Funded CME Is Independent?Exercise And The Limitations Of Observational StudiesSeeking Profit and Investors, Rogue Lab Moves Into Small Hospitals“Is it safe?”Avandia aftermath: who are the winners and losers?No, $75 Million Won’t Cure Heart Disease Or Reinvent ScienceTelling People What They Want To Hear: Alt-Med And Donald Trump2016: Great Year Or Greatest Year Ever?The Best Doctor Blog On The InternetLunchroom Scandal At The AHA: Day Two Of ButtergateMedicine Or Mass Murder? Guideline Based on Discredited Research May Have Caused 800,000 Deaths In Europe Over The Last 5 YearsGood Science/Bad Science: Contrasting Papers On Dietary Compositon In JAMA And BMJWebMD: the 800 Pound Gorilla in the RoomTwo Dirty Little Secrets About Electronic Health RecordsNew England Journal Of Medicine Declines To Retract Papers From Disgraced Research GroupExtreme cardiology culture: Califf, Harrington, Topol & TeirsteinWhy Bad Doctors Are Like Bad Writers: The Curse Of KnowledgeSunday at the AHA: ARBITER’s wild roller coaster ride in OrlandoSteve Jobs Rejected The First Medical App In 1977Politics and Transcatheter Aortic Valve ReplacementThe wealth gap: are cardiologists’ high salaries standing in the way of primary care?Way Beyond Kickbacks: More Serious Misconduct Alleged Against Medical Testing CompanyThe Walking Dead: Renal Denervation In Europe Just Can’t Be StoppedMark Midei Can’t Get a Job Taking Blood Pressure At A WalmartThe Uncertain Future Of A Once Highly Promising Device For Lowering Blood PressureDollars For Heart Docs: 2015 EditionEditor insists prasugrel ghostwriter go publicAll The Woo That’s Fit To Print: An Open Letter To The New York Times Public EditorIs The American Heart Association Trying To Kill Health Reporters?$50K: The Price For A VIP Dinner For 2 With The Cleveland Clinic CEOClinical Trialists Dig In And Vote For Status Quo2015: The Year We Finally Cured Heart Disease!Amgen Requires Patients in Repatha Copay Program To Surrender Their PrivacyDesperately Seeking Patients: New Cholesterol Drug Makers Fuel Research To Find CustomersThe Amarin Decision: Free Speech Or Truthiness?Industry, academic researchers, and clinical trials: the slippery slopePrecision Medicine, Stuck In Second Grade, Flunks Test Of Clinical UtilityNo, Pharmascolds Are Not Worse Than The Pervasive Conflicts Of Interest They CriticizeHalf the News That’s Fit To Print: NY Times On ECG Screening For Student AthletesLeading European Cardiologist Accused Of PlagiarismAHA denies it supports Texas SHAPE legislationNo, You Probably Won’t Drop Dead While ExercisingEditorial: SHAPE is skating on thin iceNo, Too Much Jogging Probably Won’t Kill You
 
"I’d rather read Larry Husten on clinical trials than the constipated editorials in peer review journals."
--Saurabh Jha  (The Health Care Blog)


Follow



Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts.
 

							Enter Email Address						












Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 


Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 

Return to top of pageCopyright © 2017 · Prose Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in






















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			























%d bloggers like this:





