










 





PANW Carl M. Eschenbach Insider Trades for Palo Alto Networks Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Palo Alto Networks Inc.

                  NYSE: PANW
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Palo Alto Networks Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 12:48 p.m.


PANW

/quotes/zigman/10934555/composite


$
134.95




Change

-0.07
-0.05%

Volume
Volume 337,074
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/10934555/composite
Previous close

$
			135.02
		


$
				134.95
			
Change

-0.07
-0.05%





Day low
Day high
$133.34
$135.93










52 week low
52 week high

            $107.31
        

            $165.69
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Carl M. Eschenbach



Mr. Carl M. Eschenbach is Independent Director at Palo Alto Networks, Inc. and President & Co-Chief Operating Officer at VMware, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Palo Alto Networks, Inc. and Pivotal Software, Inc.
Mr. Eschenbach was previously employed as Vice President-North American Sales by Inktomi Corp., a Principal by 3Com Corp., a Principal by EMC Corp., and a Principal by Lucent Technologies, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/08/2016
2,251


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/04/2016
894


 
Disposition at $159.08 per share.


142,218


06/09/2016
1,334


 
Disposition at $135.98 per share.


181,398


04/01/2016
1,780


 
Disposition at $160.57 per share.


285,815


12/30/2015
2,025


 
Disposition at $176.68 per share.


357,777


12/11/2015
1,787


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/05/2015
2,026


 
Disposition at $175.04 per share.


354,632


06/19/2015
2,027


 
Disposition at $182.28 per share.


369,482


03/24/2015
4,520


 
Disposition at $142.42 per share.


643,739


12/12/2014
2,771


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/11/2014
1,161


 
Disposition at $118.35 per share.


137,405


06/17/2014
6,496


 
Disposition at $80.86 per share.


525,267


12/11/2013
4,645


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/30/2013
16,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Mark D. McLaughlin 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Mark  Anderson 
President




Mr. Steffan C. Tomlinson 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Nir  Zuk 
Director, Chief Technology Officer & SVP




Mr. Naveen  Zutshi 
Chief Information Officer




Mr. Brett  Eldridge 
Executive Vice President-Global Customer Services




Mr. Rick  Howard 
Chief Security Officer




Mr. Lee  Klarich 
Senior Vice President-Product Management




Mr. Kevin Q. Smith 
Vice President-Worldwide Operations




Ms. Kathy  Bonanno 
Vice President-Finance




Mr. Chad  Kinzelberg 
Senior VP-Business & Corporate Development




Mr. Lucas  Moody 
Chief Information Security Officer




Ms. Mary Pat McCarthy 
Director




Mr. Stanley J. Meresman 
Director




Mr. Frank A. Calderoni 
Director




Mr. David M. Peranich 
Executive Vice President-Worldwide Sales




Mr. Nick  Urick 
Vice President-Federal Sales




Mr. René  Bonvanie 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Kelsey  Turcotte 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Jennifer Jasper Smith 
Head-Corporate Communications




Ms. Wendy N. Barnes 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Jeffrey C. True 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Daniel J. Warmenhoven 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Carl M. Eschenbach 
Independent Director




Mr. Jim J. Goetz 
Independent Director




Mr. Asheem  Chandna 
Independent Director




Mr. John M. Donovan 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:49 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:47pFTSE 100 closes s sharply lower in tobacco-led stock rout
12:41pHow Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
12:32pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,798.24

+1.69
+0.01%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.08

-6.11
-0.10%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.64

-5.78
-0.23%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Executive Profile | Sequoia Capital Operations LLC | Carl M. Eschenbach | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Carl M. Eschenbach 

		
		Partner, 

	
		 Sequoia Capital Operations LLC 	

 
Last Updated: 01/20/2017 



Executive Summary
Eschenbach, who has more than two decades of high-tech industry experience, is currently a Partner at Sequoia Capital Operations, a role he assumed in 2016. Most recently he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of virtualization pioneer VMWare, which he joined in 2002 and was elevated to Executive Vice President of Worldwide 
Personal Attributes and Interests

“One of the most interesting roles I’ve had was as a sales engineer for N.E.T. I was a one-man band. I learned to architect, design, and engineer systems… and then I had to sell them to customers,” says Eschenba 
Current Focus

In His Own Words: “I love how technology transforms people's lives every day. I want to work on things that will last for decades and that will transform how people work, live, and play,” says Eschenbach 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1967.
Eschenbach held various sales management positions at 3Com, EMC and Lucent Technologies. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Carl M. Eschenbach - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Carl M. Eschenbach
Board Member at Palo Alto Networks, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Carl M. Eschenbach? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Carl M. Eschenbach's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Carl M. Eschenbach's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Carl M. Eschenbach's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Carl M. Eschenbach through your network of contacts.
												








Carl M. Eschenbach's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Palo Alto Networks, Inc.


Past
To view Carl M. Eschenbach's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Carl M. Eschenbach's Biography



Carl Eschenbach has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2013. Mr. Eschenbach has been a general partner at Sequoia Capital Operations, LLC, a venture capital firm, since April of 2016, and continues to serve as a strategic advisor to VMware, Inc., a provider of cloud and virtualization software and services. Prior to joining Sequoia Capital Operations, LLC, Mr. Eschenbach served as Chief Operating Officer and Co-President of VMware, Inc. a role he held from December 2012 to February 2016. Mr. Eschenbach previously served as VMware's President and Chief Operating Officer from April 2012 to December 2012, as VMware's Co-Presi ...
(Read More)

			Carl Eschenbach has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2013. Mr. Eschenbach has been a general partner at Sequoia Capital Operations, LLC, a venture capital firm, since April of 2016, and continues to serve as a strategic advisor to VMware, Inc., a provider of cloud and virtualization software and services. Prior to joining Sequoia Capital Operations, LLC, Mr. Eschenbach served as Chief Operating Officer and Co-President of VMware, Inc. a role he held from December 2012 to February 2016. Mr. Eschenbach previously served as VMware's President and Chief Operating Officer from April 2012 to December 2012, as VMware's Co-President, Customer Operations from January 2011 to April 2012 and as VMware's Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations from May 2005 to January 2011. Prior to joining VMware in 2002, he was Vice President of North America Sales at Inktomi from 2000 to 2002. Mr. Eschenbach also held various sales management positions with 3Com Corporation, Lucent Technologies Inc. and EMC. Mr. Eschenbach was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the technology industry and his previous public company management experience.
		
Source: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. on 10/24/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Carl M. Eschenbach's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Carl M. Eschenbach. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Carl M. Eschenbach's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Carl M. Eschenbach's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Carl M. Eschenbach through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Carl M. Eschenbach


















Carl M. Eschenbach's Connections (59)





Sign up now to view Carl M. Eschenbach's 59 connections »









Donald J. Carty
Board Member, Canadian National Railway 









David I. Goulden
Chief Executive Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure, EMC









Diane B. Greene
Dir. and Senior Vice President, Alphabet Inc.









Joseph M. Tucci
President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, EMC









Renee J. James
Board Member, Vodafone Group Public Limited Company









Karen E. Dykstra
Board Member, Gartner, Inc.









John M. Donovan
Chief Strategy Officer and Group President, AT&T Technology and Operations, AT&T Inc.









Michael W. Brown
Board Member, Insperity, Inc.









Stanley J. Meresman
Board Member, Palo Alto Networks, Inc.









John R. Egan
Lead Independent Director, NetScout Systems, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	Low Vision Aids | Magnification Devices | Products






















size








color






Home


Contact Us 
Employee Login

Shopping Cart (0)Customer
            Login


Loading











OverviewEyecare and Vision Rehabilitation

Low Vision Program-Getting Started

Free Financial Analysis

Diagnostic Assortment of Vision AidsIn-Office Staff TrainingConsultative Support

ReimbursementMarketing and Patient Communication



Become a CustomerResource CenterOnline Education



What is Low Vision?Macular DegenerationDiabetic RetinopathyGlaucomaCataractsOther Eye Diseases & Conditions



OverviewLow Vision Devices for the Visually Impaired

Types of Magnification DevicesFinding a Magnification DeviceUsing a Magnification DeviceTypes of Non-Optical DevicesAsk the DoctorRequest a Consumer Brochure

Finding the Right Pair of Reading GlassesBinoculars/Opera GlassesResource Center

CatalogsUser ManualsVideosTestimonialsFAQs for ConsumersAsk the DoctorLinks to ResourcesGrants and Assistive Programs

ReturnsFind a Low Vision Professional



OverviewApplicationsMagnification Devices

Finding a Magnifier

Finding a DistributorRequest a QuoteContact UsResource Center



OverviewNew ProductsHand-held Magnifiers

IlluminatedAsphericAplanaticBiconvexStand CombinationsFoldingPocketPendant

Stand Magnifiers

IlluminatedNon-IlluminatedBarBright FieldAround the Neck

Reading Glasses

Illuminated Reading GlassesProgressive Reading GlassesRimless Reading GlassesMiniature Reading GlassesPrivate EyesBlue Light Blocking Glasses

Product Details



Spectacle Magnifiers

Clip-on Systemsnoves Magnifying EyewearPrismatic EyewearSpectacle Microscopes

Telescopes

Galilean TelescopesKeplerian TelescopesTelescope Carrier SystemsDiagnostic Telescope KitTelescope Mounting Kit

Absorptive Filters

Havens®SolarComfort®Solar Shields®WellnessPROTECT®

Video Magnifiers

Hand-heldDesktopReading Machine

Technical Magnifiers

Hand-heldStand

Lamp MagnifiersDisplays & Diagnostic Systems

Diagnostic SystemsDisplays

Non-Optical Products

Accessories

Task LightingBinoculars & Opera Glasses

BinocularsOpera Glasses

Bulbs and BatteriesUsed Products For Sale

Portable and Desktop

Warranties for Video Magnifiers

SMARTLUX WARRANTYMOBILUX WARRANTYVISOLUX WARRANTY





OverviewNew ProductsPress ReleasesExhibition and Trade Show EventsIn the MediaNewsletters



Who We AreWhy Choose EschenbachHistoryOur TeamCareers

Current OpeningsBenefitsApply Online

Contact UsFind a Low Vision Professional



























Overview







New Products







Hand-held Magnifiers







Stand Magnifiers







Reading Glasses







Spectacle Magnifiers







Telescopes







Absorptive Filters







Video Magnifiers







Technical Magnifiers







Lamp Magnifiers







Displays & Diagnostic Systems







Non-Optical Products







Task Lighting







Binoculars & Opera Glasses







Bulbs and Batteries







Used Products For Sale







Warranties for Video Magnifiers









Products: Low Vision Aids & Magnification DevicesIt has been estimated that over 20 million Americans, age 40 and older, suffer from some form of vision impairment, many of which are due to age-related eye diseases.  As the population of our country grows older, those numbers will only increase.  Age-related macular degeneration (ARMD) is the leading cause of Low Vision, followed by diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma.  A variety of other conditions such as in-operable or pre-operative cataracts, Stargardt's and other hereditary diseases can also cause impaired vision.  Low Vision affects many Activities of Daily Living (ADLs), and many people are restricted due to the acuity levels with which they must live.  Difficulty with reading, writing, watching TV, spotting objects from a distance, and enjoying hobbies is the result.  However, with the correct optical device and training, many Low Vision patients can once again perform routine daily activities and regain much of their lost independence. Eschenbach Optik is the leading source of Low Vision aids in the world! We have been manufacturing high quality optical products for over 90 years, and each year we introduce more innovative products than any other company in the industry. Eschenbach carries over 1,000 products which include stand magnifiers, spectacle magnifiers, telescopes, video magnifiers, reading glasses, technical magnifiers, absorptive filters, and non-optical products. If you are looking to perform a specific task, we're sure to have a product that will fill that individual need.Hand-held MagnifiersStand MagnifiersReading GlassesSpectacle MagnifiersTelescopesAbsorptive FiltersVideo MagnifiersTechnical MagnifiersLamp MagnifiersNon-Optical ProductsTask LightingBinoculars & Opera GlassesIf you are an eye care or vision rehab professional and would like to request a hard copy of our Vision Technology Products catalog (which contains the products featured above), Contact Us.

















Questions about a specific product? Contact us 


















Eschenbach Optik|© 2015 Eschenbach Optik All rights reserved|Site Map|Privacy Policy|Contact Us - T:(800) 487-5389  F:(888) 799-7200  

  

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































