







Press Releases | AxoGen, Inc. (AXGN)



































 







Home

About AxoGen

About AxoGen
Management Team
Board of Directors
Patient Stories
Partners and Organizations
International
About the Nerve Repair Market

 
Resources

Science of Nerve Repair
Find a Nerve Surgeon
Clinical Research
Educational Resources
Registrations & Licenses

 
News & Events

Press Releases
Axogen In the News
Events
Press Kit

 
Products
 
Investors




Investor Relations
IR Overview


News & Events
News & Events
Press Releases
AxoGen In The News
IR Calendar
Clinical Conferences
Presentations
Email Alerts


Company Information
Corporate Profile
Management Team
IR Contacts
FAQ


Financial Information
Financial Information
Financials
Financial Results


Stock Data
Stock Data
Current Quote
Charts
Historical Data
Analyst Coverage


SEC Filings
SEC Filings
All SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Section 16 Filings
Proxy Statements


Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Governance Docs
Contact the Board


  
Careers
 
Contact
 
For Patients

Science of Nerve Repair
About the Nervous System
Peripheral Nerve Injuries (PNI)
PNI Map
Ways to Diagnose PNI
How Peripheral Nerves Repair
Nerve Injuries and Treatment Options
Medical Glossary
Resources
Find a Nerve Surgeon

 


About AxoGen
About AxoGen
Management Team
Board of Directors
Patient Stories
Partners and Organizations
International
About the Nerve Repair Market
Resources
Science of Nerve Repair
Find a Nerve Surgeon
Clinical Research
Educational Resources
Registrations & Licenses
















                                    Press Releases                                


Email Alerts

Be the First to Receive the Latest News from AxoGen
Subscribe to Alerts




















Press Releases



Essex Woodlands Fund IX Acquires Significant Position in AxoGen, Inc.
Investment of $17.5 Million Builds Company Balance Sheet; Provides Resources to Drive Growth and Pursue Expansion Opportunities
Guido J. Neels, Leading International Healthcare Executive, Joins Board of Directors
ALACHUA, FL – August 26, 2015 – AxoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ: AXGN), a leader in developing and marketing innovative surgical solutions for peripheral nerve injuries, has sold 4,861,111 registered shares of its common stock to Essex Woodlands, a leading investment firm focused on growth-oriented companies in the healthcare sector. The sale was completed at a price of $3.60 per share, generated net proceeds of approximately $17.1 million to AxoGen and represented 16% of the Company’s shares post transaction. The Company plans to use the resources to drive its current market growth strategies, accelerate entering into new nerve repair markets and develop and launch additional nerve repair products. This funding also provides additional working capital to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet. 

Related Links




 PDF

Release PDF



“Our partnership with Essex Woodlands puts AxoGen in an excellent position to build on the momentum we are generating in the nerve repair market as well as capitalize on our numerous opportunities,” said Karen Zaderej, President and Chief Executive Officer of AxoGen. “Essex Woodlands is a premier, long-term focused healthcare investor and through their investment in AxoGen we now have the resources in place to execute our current business plan as well as fund expansion. Based on our current operations, we believe the investment provides AxoGen with the resources to achieve positive operating cash flow. In addition, we gain access to the experience and relationships of the Essex Woodlands organization as we welcome Guido Neels to the AxoGen Board of Directors. We believe he will be an outstanding advisor to AxoGen as we execute our global growth plans.”
Mr. Neels, an Operating Partner with Essex Woodlands based in Palo Alto, CA, will join AxoGen’s Board of Directors as its eighth member. Mr. Neels brings to the AxoGen Board more than 40 years of experience developing international healthcare businesses. Prior to joining Essex Woodlands, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Guidant Corporation. Currently, Mr. Neels serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Oraya Therapeutics as well as serving on the Board of Directors for Entellus Medical, Inc., Endologix, Inc. and Bioventus LLC. Mr. Neels holds a Business Engineering degree from the University of Leuven in Belgium and a Master of Business Administration degree from Stanford University.
“We are very glad to be a shareholder of AxoGen and we look forward to supporting Karen and the management team to continue AxoGen’s momentum as the leader of innovative surgical solutions for peripheral nerve injuries,” said Mr. Neels. “We expect a very successful growth trajectory for the company.”
About AxoGen, Inc. 
AxoGen (NASDAQ: AXGN) is a leading medical technology company dedicated to peripheral nerve repair. AxoGen’s portfolio of regenerative medicine products is available in the United States, Canada and several other countries and includes Avance® Nerve Graft, an off-the-shelf processed human nerve allograft for bridging severed nerves without the comorbidities associated with a second surgical site, AxoGuard® Nerve Connector, a porcine submucosa extracellular matrix (“ECM”) coaptation aid for tensionless repair of severed nerves, and AxoGuard® Nerve Protector, a porcine submucosa ECM product used to wrap and protect injured peripheral nerves and reinforce the nerve reconstruction while preventing soft tissue attachments.
Avance® Nerve Graft is processed in the United States by AxoGen. AxoGuard® Nerve Connector and AxoGuard® Nerve Protector are manufactured in the United States by Cook Biotech Incorporated, and are distributed worldwide exclusively by AxoGen. AxoGen maintains its corporate offices in Alachua, Florida and is the parent of its wholly owned operating subsidiary, AxoGen Corporation.
For more information about AxoGen or to sign up for our news alerts, please visit www.AxoGenInc.com.
About Essex Woodlands
With $2.5 billion under management, Essex Woodlands is one of the largest and oldest growth equity firms pursuing investments in pharmaceuticals, medical devices, healthcare services and healthcare information technology. Since its founding in 1985, Essex Woodlands has maintained its singular commitment to the healthcare industry and has been involved in the founding, investing and/or management of over 150 healthcare companies, ranging across sectors, stages and geography. The team is comprised of 22 senior investment professionals with offices in Palo Alto, Houston, New York, London and Shanghai. For more information, please see www.ewhv.com. 
Cautionary Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
This Press Release contains "forward-looking" statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations or predictions of future conditions, events or results based on various assumptions and management's estimates of trends and economic factors in the markets in which we are active, as well as our business plans. Words such as "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks", "estimates", "projects", "forecasts", "continue", "may", "should", "will" variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding our growth, our 2015 revenue estimate, product development, product potential, financial performance, sales growth, product adoption, market awareness of our products, data validation, our visibility at and sponsorship of conferences and educational events. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the statements. Forward-looking statements in this release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect AxoGen's business and its market, particularly those discussed in the risk factors and cautionary statements in AxoGen's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially from those projected. The forward-looking statements are representative only as of the date they are made, and, except as required by law, AxoGen assumes no responsibility to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact: 
EVC GroupMichael Polyviou/Doug Sherk – Investor Relations                             212.850.6020/415.652.9100mpolyviou@evcgroup.com; dsherk@evcgroup.com 
Released August 26, 2015












IR Contacts




Investor Relations 
                    AxoGen, Inc.                                                            13631 Progress Blvd.                    Suite 400                    Alachua, FL 32615 InvestorRelations@AxoGenInc.com 


Transfer Agent 
                    Wells Fargo Shareowner Services                                                            P.O. Box 64874                                        St. Paul, MN 55164                                        T: 800-401-1957 



 

Email Alerts


Be the first to receive the latest news and financial information.
Subscribe

 

Quick Links




Corporate Presentation
Fact Sheet
Email Alerts
IR Contacts
RSS News Feed



 






























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:51 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P. specializes in growth equity and growth stage. The fund seeks to invest in the healthcare sector in the United States.


335 Bryant Street3rd FloorPalo Alto, CA 94301United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 650-543-1555

Fax: 650-327-9755








Key Executives for Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.




Mr. Guido J. Neels


      	Managing Partner and Operating Partner
      


Age: 69
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














EUSA Pharma - Our Investors














 



Home
About Us ▼




Company Profile ►
Vision, Strategy and Culture ►
Management Team ►
Our Investors ►
Board of Directors ►






Products ▼




Caphosol® ►
Collatamp® ►
Xenazine® ►
Custodiol® ►




Pipeline ▼




Tivozanib ►
Dinutuximab beta ►




Locations
Current Vacancies
Conditions of Sale ▼




UK & Polish Customers ►
German & Austrian Customers ►
French Customers ►




Contact Us ▼




Corporate Headquarters ►
Customer Services ►
Medical Information ►
Product Safety ►





Research Grants ►
Business Development ►










Our Investors
Essex Woodlands
With $2.5 billion under management, Essex Woodlands is one of the largest and oldest growth equity firms pursuing investments in pharmaceuticals, medical devices, healthcare services and healthcare information technology.  Since its founding in 1985, Essex Woodlands has maintained its singular commitment to the healthcare industry and has been involved in the founding, investing and / or management of over 150 healthcare companies, ranging across sectors, stages and geography.  The team is comprised of 22 senior investment professionals with offices in Palo Alto, Houston, New York, London and Shanghai, China.  For more information, please see www.ewhv.com. 
 

 






Products

Caphosol®
Collatamp®
Xenazine®
Custodiol®
Fomepizole®



About Us

Company Profile
Vision, Strategy and Culture
Management Team
Our Investors
Board of Directors



Contact Us

Corporate Headquarters
Customer Services
Medical Information
Product Safety

Research Grants
Business Development



Other Pages

Home
News
Locations
Careers



Copyright © EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd / Commatic Limited 2015-2016 - All rights reserved
Terms of Use | Privacy Statement




 
 










Essex Woodlands  - Investment Strategy
























Toggle navigation




Menu



About Us
Investment Strategy
Team
Portfolio
News
Contact Us

Limited Partners






















Investment Strategy








We back world-class management teams to lead fast-growing, revenue-generating healthcare companies.


We are healthcare specialists:  this dynamic, resilient and growing sector is our passion and our only business.



US$20 to $200M in revenues
EBITDA-positive or soon to be
Revenue growth drives returns
Minority or majority positions



Tell Me More







We invest broadly across the healthcare spectrum





Pharmaceuticals
$960 billion worldwide market driven by aging demographics, increasing insurance coverage and innovation




Medical Devices
$350 billion worldwide market driven by focus on healthcare outcomes and costs




Healthcare Services
Largest segment of healthcare industry evolving to deliver quality rather than quantity of care




Healthcare IT
Fastest growing segment of healthcare sector supported by favorable regulations and need for operational efficiencies 








Global macro trends support healthcare investing








Change Creates Opportunities inDeveloped Markets


Healthcare is one of the largest segments of the economy at an average 10-18% of GDP


Aging population and chronic diseases are driving healthcare demand


Knowledge and new technology drive innovation that continues to give rise to new products and companies


Healthcare companies are increasingly driving revenue growth through acquisitions of smaller, faster growing companies





Growth Creates Opportunities inEmerging Markets


Healthcare is growing at an average 10-18% CAGR


Rapidly growing middle class is driving demand for healthcare


Rapid transfer and adoption of western technology and healthcare products


Rapid revenue growth and profitability of healthcare companies are generating attractive exits











            All content © 2017 | Legal Disclaimer




            Website by Eric Miller Design






















Essex Woodlands  - 
























Toggle navigation




Menu



About Us
Investment Strategy
Team
Portfolio
News
Contact Us

Limited Partners






















Our Portfolio of Healthcare Investments
We partner with world-class management teams to build best-of-breed businesses
view all






Abiomed
Produces the Impella product line, the world's smallest, minimally invasive, high performance micro blood pump 



Biotoscana
Rapidly growing pan-Latin American specialty pharmaceutical company, focused on oncology and critical care drugs



Bioventus
International orthobiologics company focused on bone growth stimulation and joint pain therapies



EUSA Pharma
Trans-Atlantic specialty pharmaceutical company which focuses on oncology and critical care













"EW Healthcare Partners has become a partner and advisor to Abiomed and we value the strategic insight and guidance we receive from the team members on various investment and business decisions."









Michael R.  Minogue
Chairman, President and CEO, Abiomed










"Essex’s deep healthcare expertise, industry relationships and strategic insights are helping Biotoscana achieve its mission of being the high growth specialty pharma company in Latin America."









Mariano Garcia-Valino
Chief Executive Officer, Biotoscana










"EW Healthcare Partners challenges our thinking to help us become a better organization, plus offers expertise and guidance that helped us emerge from a small spin-out company to a global player in the orthobiologics market. "









Anthony P. Bihl, III
Chief Executive Officer, Bioventus










"EW Healthcare Partners is not so much an Investor as a Partner in building successful businesses as was my experience with EUSA."









Bryan Morton
Chief Executive Officer, EUSA Pharma



































            All content © 2017 | Legal Disclaimer




            Website by Eric Miller Design
























Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P. - AxoGen Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsEssex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.AxoGen (AXGN)Ten Percent Owner Not RankedEssex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.'s PerformanceEssex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P. has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% AxoGen (AXGN)$53MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAxoGen (AXGN): Ten Percent OwnerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: AxoGen (AXGN)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Sep 02, 2015 - Sep 02, 2016Gain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P.'s Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateAXGNAxoGenTen Percent Owner$53,313,701Informative Buy(undisclosed)Sep 02, 2015Essex Woodlands Fund IX, L.P. has not reported any informative transactions for AXGN, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Sep 02, 2015 Informative Buy (undisclosed) 4,861,111 $4.67 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























