
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


 










Eternity Healthcare, Inc. - Product Overview with CEO Hassan Salari - YouTube 


 
  



































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Eternity Healthcare, Inc. - Product Overview with CEO Hassan Salari
  



 










VitalMediaLLC













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from VitalMediaLLC?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe11 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

134 views







1

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Nov 8, 2014Eternity Healthcare's "Comfort-in" Product Overview.www.eternityhealthcare.com(Ticker Symbol: ETAH) 



      Category
    

Science & Technology




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Eternity Healthcare New Product Release announcement on Wall Street Media Group -
  

     - Duration: 5:42.
  
BryanBlack82
121 views



5:42














    Mass MIND CONTROL & Health Effects of Cell Phone & Wifi Radiation. Electromagnetic Pollution.
  

     - Duration: 21:44.
  
Spiritual Awakening
5,254 views



21:44





    Apollo Hospitals Healthcheck
  

     - Duration: 4:21.
  
Urban Image Films India
2,361 views



4:21





    ETERNITY HEALTHCARE TESTIMONIAL
  

     - Duration: 1:57.
  
BryanBlack82
310 views



1:57





    Cells healing the body - Guided meditation (new) - MindSet Hypnotherapy
  

     - Duration: 15:33.
  
Mind Set
424,441 views



15:33





    Neeraj Garg CEO Apollo Health and Lifestyle
  

     - Duration: 1:33.
  
HYBIZTV HD
260 views



1:33





    GeneThera, Inc. Product Development
  

     - Duration: 5:54.
  
VitalMediaLLC
18 views



5:54





    Trusted Network Connections - Level 3 Whiteboard Video
  

     - Duration: 3:39.
  
Level 3 Communications
6,807 views



3:39





    GeneThera, Inc. Johne's and Crohn's Disease
  

     - Duration: 5:16.
  
VitalMediaLLC
459 views



5:16





    Endless Looping 4K Scene: Moraine Lake, Banff Alberta (Fixed Version - No Watermark)
  

     - Duration: 1:00:10.
  
Nature Relaxation
14,715 views



1:00:10





    How to Make Salary Sheet Using Microsoft Excel (Excel Advanced Urdu Hindi Tutorial)
  

     - Duration: 20:30.
  
Urdu Hindi Tutorials
284,939 views



20:30





    Tom Mower Introduces the Best Resveratrol Product on the Market: Eternity
  

     - Duration: 7:36.
  
Longevity999
3,434 views



7:36





    Needle free injection device that help you overcome the fear of injections
  

     - Duration: 0:52.
  
Michael Ramirez
765 views



0:52





    The Safe Sip - Glebe Healthcare Product Spotlight
  

     - Duration: 0:59.
  
Glebe UK
608 views



0:59





    Pain Free Injections for Kids
  

     - Duration: 0:50.
  
Michael Ramirez
198 views



0:50





    [THE LOGISTICOM 2015] Supply Chain of Bird's Nest Beverages | Team ETERNITY
  

     - Duration: 5:58.
  
The Logisticom
357 views



5:58





    Two Main Secrets to Eternal Youth and Immortality as seen on Cable TV with Supermodel Veronica Grey
  

     - Duration: 17:55.
  
Eternal Youth Empire: Christ wealth health beauty
27,413 views



17:55





    Health Care Special Comment - 2009-10-07 Countdown with Keith Olbermann
  

     - Duration: 43:38.
  
SolelyByRequest
12,252 views



43:38





    Himalaya Herbals Haul + Product Review!
  

     - Duration: 6:52.
  
Tickle Me Pink
1,353 views



6:52





    JSHG GOLD IS MONEY
  

     - Duration: 0:16.
  
BryanBlack82
69 views



0:16











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 





    ETAH Key Statistics - Eternity Healthcare Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eternity Healthcare Inc.

                  OTC: ETAH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eternity Healthcare Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


ETAH

/quotes/zigman/12017244/delayed


$
0.03




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 6,000
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/12017244/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.03
		


$
				0.03
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$0.02
$0.03










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.02
        

            $0.23
        

















			Company Description 


			Eternity Healthcare, Inc. is a medical company which engages in the discovery, development, and marketing of medical devices. It focuses on needle-free injection device and pain treatment device which use for insulin, hCG, hGH, Vit B12, vaccines, anaesthetics, migraine medication, and steroids. It s...
		


                Eternity Healthcare, Inc. is a medical company which engages in the discovery, development, and marketing of medical devices. It focuses on needle-free injection device and pain treatment device which use for insulin, hCG, hGH, Vit B12, vaccines, anaesthetics, migraine medication, and steroids. It supports a range of customers such as physicians' offices, pharmacies, and other. The company was founded on October 24, 2007 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-2.79


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-4.03


Price to Sales Ratio
18.15


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-6.78


Enterprise Value to Sales
142.08


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.51

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
42,101.00


Income Per Employee
-194,311.00


Receivables Turnover
29.58


Total Asset Turnover
0.11

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.55


Quick Ratio
0.54


Cash Ratio
0.51



Profitability

Gross Margin
-121.12


Operating Margin
-407.82


Pretax Margin
-461.54


Net Margin
-461.54


Return on Assets
-49.39


Return on Total Capital
-61.41

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Capital
211.81


Total Debt to Total Assets
158.08





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Mark  Gundy 
-
-
Investor Relations Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/28/2016

Hassan Salari                            
Pres., CEO, CFO, Sec. & Treas.; Director

420,069


 
Disposition at $0.04 per share.


16,802


10/06/2014

Dominique F. Borrelly                            
Director

80,000


 
Acquisition at $0.1 per share.


8,000


09/17/2014

Hassan Salari                            
Pres., CEO, CFO, Sec. & Treas.; Director

70,000


 
Disposition at $0.14 per share.


9,800


03/19/2014

Hassan Salari                            
Pres., CEO, CFO, Sec. & Treas.; Director

91,180


 
Disposition at $0.56 per share.


51,060


08/23/2013

Hassan Salari                            
Pres., CEO, CFO, Sec. & Treas.; Director

1,707,268


 
Acquisition at $0.5 per share.


853,634


08/15/2013

Hassan Salari                            
Pres., CEO, CFO, Sec. & Treas.; Director

64,500


 
Disposition at $0.62 per share.


39,990








/news/latest/company/us/etah

      MarketWatch News on ETAH
    
No News currently available for ETAH





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/etah

      Other News on ETAH
    




 10-Q: ETERNITY HEALTHCARE INC.
1:19 p.m. March 14, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: ETERNITY HEALTHCARE INC.
6:27 p.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Taking A Pass On Eternity Healthcare's Promotion

6:40 a.m. Feb. 13, 2014
 - Seeking Alpha














At a Glance

Eternity Healthcare, Inc.
8755 Ash Street
Suite 1

Vancouver, British Columbia V6P 6T3




Phone
1 6043241113


Industry
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
04/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$84,202


Net Income
$-388,622


2016 Sales Growth 
37.6%


Employees

        2.00


Annual Report for ETAH











/news/pressrelease/company/us/etah

      Press Releases on ETAH
    




 Eternity Clears Product Development Hurdle
9:30 a.m. June 28, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Global Needle-Free Drug Injection Systems - Services
2:20 p.m. May 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Wellmei Mold of Hong Kong Chosen as Lenis(R) Nozzle Manufacturer for Eternity
10:30 a.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Lenis(R) Receives Next Regulatory Certification
10:30 a.m. Jan. 18, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Milestone Certification Achieved for Eternity Healthcare's Lenis(R) Device
10:30 a.m. Jan. 10, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Eternity Healthcare Moves to Next Stage Regulatory Approval Phase with Lenis(R)
10:30 a.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:19 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:18aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
11:18aOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
11:16aUPDATE: Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
11:12aAirbus to sell plant holdings to Motorola
11:11aAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
11:11aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
11:11aSears Canada's biggest shareholders call off bid
11:10aRedfin's stock debuts 30% above its IPO price
11:10aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
11:09aBP earnings: What to expect
11:09aExxon, Chevron post strong profits 
11:08aChina penalizes nine banks for forex violations
11:06aRedfin's stock opens at $19.56, or 30% above $15 IPO price
11:03aEurope’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
11:01aWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
10:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
10:56aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:56a$1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
10:55aThis city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
10:55aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.95

-3.60
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,363.37

-18.82
-0.29%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.80

-6.62
-0.27%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






























































Painless, Needle-Free Injection Systems | Eternity Healthcare









































 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 










 
 
 
 
 
 
 




Innovation in Health Care Products.
A Research and Development Company with Focus on Technologies Related to the Needle-free Injections Systems






 


 



learn more

 
 
 
 








ETERNITY CLEARS PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT HURDLE

by Eternity Healthcare | June 28, 2017 | Eternity Healthcare News, Investor News, Needleless Technology, New Medical Products | 0 Comments							Phoenix, AZ, and Vancouver, BC. – June 28, 2017 – Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC: ETAH), announces it has resolved an earlier manufacturing issue effecting 10% of its syringes (nozzles) and resulting in a failure to obtain CE certification and approval. Preliminary...						
Read More  
 
 




Wellmei Mold of Hong Kong Chosen as Lenis® Nozzle Manufacturer for Eternity

by Eternity Healthcare | January 30, 2017 | Eternity Healthcare News, Investor News, Needleless Technology, New Medical Products | 0 Comments							Phoenix, AZ, and Vancouver, BC. – January 30, 2017 – Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC: ETAH), announces  it has signed a Development and Manufacturing Agreement with Wellmei Mold Company of Hong Kong (http://www.wellmei.com/indexen.html  ) for manufacturing ...						
Read More  
 
 




Lenis® Receives Next Regulatory Certification

by Eternity Healthcare | January 18, 2017 | Eternity Healthcare News, Investor News, Needleless Technology, New Medical Products | 0 Comments							Phoenix, AZ, and Vancouver, BC. – January 18, 2017 – Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC: ETAH), announces first regulatory approval of its Loader for the Lenis® Needle-Free Injection system. “CE Certification opens the door for regulatory approval in the EU as well...						
Read More  
 
 




Milestone Certification Achieved for Eternity Healthcare’s Lenis® Device

by Eternity Healthcare | January 10, 2017 | Eternity Healthcare News, Investor News, Needleless Technology, New Medical Products | 0 Comments							Phoenix, AZ, and Vancouver, BC. – January, 2017 – Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC: ETAH), announces first regulatory approval  of it’s Lenis® Needle-Free Injector. “CE Certification opens the door for regulatory approval in the EU as well as other countries...						
Read More  
 
 




Eternity Healthcare Moves to Next Stage Regulatory Approval Phase with Lenis®

by Eternity Healthcare | December 13, 2016 | Eternity Healthcare News, Investor News | 0 Comments							Phoenix, AZ, and Vancouver, BC. – December 13, 2016-  Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC: ETAH), is pleased to announce completion of its Lenis®, Needle-Free Injection development phase. “This is a significant milestone for our company as it now means we can proceed...						
Read More  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  ETAH:OTC US Stock Quote - Eternity Healthcare Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Eternity Healthcare Inc   ETAH:US   OTC US        0.03USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Volume   6,000    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.02 - 0.23                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   6,000    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.02 - 0.23    YTD Return   -80.07%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   1.923    Shares Outstanding  (m)   68.930    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.15%     Industry Health Care Equipment & Services   % Price Change +0.22%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/28/2017   Eternity Clears Product Development Hurdle     1/30/2017   Wellmei Mold of Hong Kong Chosen as Lenis® Nozzle Manufacturer for Eternity    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Eternity Healthcare Inc. is a healthcare company. The Company provides an extensive range of diagnostic kits, generic lifestyle supplements, and many other health management products and resources.    Address  409 Granville StreetSuite 1023Vancouver, BC V6C 1T2Canada   Phone  1-604-324-4844   Website   www.eternityhealthcare.com     Executives Board Members    Hassan Salari  Chairman/Pres/CEO/CFO/Secy/Treasurer     Show More          

Bio X4 Review | Nucific's Probiotic Weight Loss Supplement?


































































































 





 Hot Topics
About 

Free Trials & Autoship 

Garcinia Cambogia Free Trials Offer Review – Choose Wisely?
How To Boost Testosterone Naturally & Avoid Free Trial Muscle Offers?
Free Trial Skin Care Samples Review – Avoid Autoship Offers?
FTC Lawsuit For Fraudulent Skin Care Free Trial Autoship Programs?
Phone Numbers For Free Trial Offer Cancellations


 FTC Disclaimer
 How To Buy Online
How We Work 

Advertising Policy
Affiliate Disclosure
Editorial Policy
Sponsors Policy


 Review Guidelines
 Contact


Health Guides 

Health Conditions 

Arthritis Relief
Digestive Enzymes
Endocrine System
Hormone Imbalance
Gastrointestinal Tract
Libido Human Health
Male Pattern Baldness
Metabolic Enzymes
Prohormones Review
Low Testosterone
Sleep Disorders
Testosterone Boosters
Testosterone Therapy
Weight Loss


Heavy Metal Detox 

Healing Crisis
Kidney Detox
Liver Cleanse Detox
Liver Detox
Oil Pulling
Probiotics Review
Toxins in the Body


 MLM Nutritional Companies
Skin Care Routine Tips 

Skin Care Supplements
Acne
Saggy Skin
Stretch Marks


Nootropics Guide 

Biohacking
 Nootropics Reviews


Vitamins & Minerals 

Aloe Vera
Vitamin B9 Folic Acid
Vitamin D Guide
Vitamin E
Omega 3, 6, & 9
Silica




 Dirty Supplements
 

 







Search














Supplement Police









 Hot Topics




 

Alternascript NatureThin Patented Weight Loss Ingredients 




 

WARNING: Your Body Is Under Attack By Dirty Dietary Nutrition Health… 




 

Food Grade Diatomaceous Earth – Is Silica The Secret to Health? 




 

Patriot Power Greens – Restore Energy And Vitality? 




 

OptiMind – Top Rated Nootropic To Boost Focus & Clear Brain… 

 


 About

 Free Trials & Autoship

Garcinia Cambogia Free Trials Offer Review – Choose Wisely?
How To Boost Testosterone Naturally & Avoid Free Trial Muscle Offers?
Free Trial Skin Care Samples Review – Avoid Autoship Offers?
FTC Lawsuit For Fraudulent Skin Care Free Trial Autoship Programs?
Phone Numbers For Free Trial Offer Cancellations


 FTC Disclaimer
 How To Buy Online
 How We Work

Advertising Policy
Affiliate Disclosure
Editorial Policy
Sponsors Policy


 Review Guidelines
 Contact


 Health Guides

 Health Conditions

Arthritis Relief
Digestive Enzymes
Endocrine System
Hormone Imbalance
Gastrointestinal Tract
Libido Human Health
Male Pattern Baldness
Metabolic Enzymes
Prohormones Review
Low Testosterone
Sleep Disorders
Testosterone Boosters
Testosterone Therapy
Weight Loss


 Heavy Metal Detox

Healing Crisis
Kidney Detox
Liver Cleanse Detox
Liver Detox
Oil Pulling
Probiotics Review
Toxins in the Body


 MLM Nutritional Companies
 Skin Care Routine Tips

Skin Care Supplements
Acne
Saggy Skin
Stretch Marks


 Nootropics Guide

Biohacking
 Nootropics Reviews


 Vitamins & Minerals

Aloe Vera
Vitamin B9 Folic Acid
Vitamin D Guide
Vitamin E
Omega 3, 6, & 9
Silica




 Dirty Supplements






















 






 










Weight Loss    

Fat Burner    Nucific Bio X4 – Legit Probiotic Supplement For Faster Weight Loss &...

Nucific Bio X4 – Legit Probiotic Supplement For Faster Weight Loss & Better Digestive Health?

125 









Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter









Bio X4 Supplement Review
Bio X4 is a proprietary digestive enzyme Blend consisting of a 4-in-1 weight loss supplement that utilizes the power of probiotics, as well as more inherently traditional weight loss ingredients, to help you lose weight faster and more efficient.
Who Is Nucific & Dr Amy Lee?
BIO X4 is manufactured by Nucific Inc. who is located in Tarzana, California.
Their entire presentation behind the Nucific Bio X4 is headed and lead by Dr. Amy Lee, a certified Bariatric Physician whose lifetime work specializes in internal medicine and physical nutrition. She is the founder and director at the Integrated Wellness Center in Los Angeles, CA and has prestigious degrees from the American Board of Internal Medicine, National Board of Physician Nutrition Specialists (NBPNS) and American Board of Obesity Medicine.
If you have watched the BIO X4 video in its entirety (which we strongly recommend – and has been viewed well over 1,000,000 times), you will find her healthy weight management approach is rooted on avoiding 3 harmful foods that we should all stop consuming and using on a daily basis along with adding her 4 natural weight loss boosters and digestion helpers.

Her first major harmful health food was sugar-laden yogurt.
Her second major harmful health food was high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) wheat beard.
Her third major harmful health food was sugar and HFCS cereal bars.

She also gave way to her number one carbohydrate to avoid in olestra/olean (banned in Canada, China and Europe) which was created by Proctor & Gamble to be a calorie and cholesterol fat free substitute.  She was quick to point out that carbs, gluten and sweets are okay to eat in moderation but to completely stay away from soda, pop and even diet sodas.
Again, we highly recommend you watch and review the Nucific Bio X4 video to gather all the facts and figures Doctor Amy expresses and warns about.
Let's continue to discuss the details of the core message behind the video and that is digestive health and wellness and how BIO X4 and potentially help solve these on-going problems.
How Does Bio X4 Work?
In her 3 Harmful Foods, Dr. Amy Lee had a quote worth remembering in saying, “your digestive system can either make you energy or it can make you fat, but it cannot make you both.” So what is her proactive digestion solution?
According to Nucific, there are four main ingredients in Bio X4 (which the official website says is a one of a kind revolutionary formula consisting of 4 proven nutrients that support digestive aid and effective weight loss management), these ingredients include:
— Digestive Enzymes that “maximize the amount of nutrients you absorb out of everything you eat.”
— 39 Billion “Colony-Forming Units” of probiotics which help to re-balance your digestive GI tract with healthy bacteria in the gut which promotes regular bowel movements and immune health.



— Caralluma Fimbriata Extract, which acts as a natural appetite suppressant and improves your mood.
— EGCG, which is sourced from pure green tea extract to help increase your metabolism so you can burn more fat.
Combined these four ingredients work together to help support your digestive system, while simultaneously helping you lose weight. Each of these four ingredients was specially designed to help you with one of these two goals, which is why Nucific Bio-X4 probiotics are so effective.
Does Bio X4 Really Work?
Bio X4’s ingredients actually do have some clinical data to back up their claims. Caralluma Fimbriata Extract for example has been clinically proven to help suppress appetite and to improve mood.
ECCG is also one of the most well known metabolism boosters and since the ECGC found in Bio X4 is directly extracted from green tea extract, it is ultra concentrated to help give you a true boost in your metabolism.
We haven’t found out much documentation for the “digestive enzymes” , but we did find that many strains of probiotics found in Bio X4 are proven to help support digestive functions and may help calm your digestive system and relieve diarrhea or constipation.
Benefits of Bio x4
So what exactly can Bio X4 do for you? Here are the benefits that Nucific claims Bio X4 can provide you:
— Improved Digestion
— Decreased Appetite/food Cravings
— Faster Metabolism For Safe Weight Loss
— Restoration Of Healthy Gut Bacteria
— Improved Mood
— Increased Energy Levels
— Plus Much More
Side Effects of Bio X4
According to Nucific, Bio X4 has no known side effects and it is made up of pure ingredients. They manufacture supplements that are both gluten-free and allergen-free, and their products do not contain any filler ingredients whatsoever.
The only warning Bio X4 gives is that people taking anti-depressants should be wary about using Bio X4 because it contains Caralluma Fimbriata Extract, which may cause mood swings if you are taking common antidepressants. If you are on an antidepressant, then it’s recommended you ask your doctor whether or not Bio X4 is right for you.
Buying Nucific's Bio X4 Probiotic Supplement
You can buy Bio X4 online or directly on the Nucific website. There are three different packages offered for Bio X4 that you can choose from:

— One Bottle (30-day supply): $49.00
— Three Bottles (90-day supply): $129.00 – You save 12%
— Six Bottles (180 day supply): $240.00 – You save 18%

No matter which order you purchase, you are protected with a 90-day money back guarantee and can even find it on Amazon.com. If for any reason you are dissatisfied with your order of Bio X4, then you can return your bottle and receive a full refund for your purchase.
Final Thoughts On Bio X4
There’s a lot to like about Bio X4. Not only does Bio X4 contains ingredients that are proven to provide the benefits they claim, but Bio X4 is also dosed properly to help you maximize the benefits you experience while taking the supplement.
It may not be the more affordable product, but Bio X4 is arguably much more effective and safer. Compared to other products we’ve tested, Bio X4 is a home run. We definitely think that Bio X4 can definitely provide you with the weight loss benefits you desire.
 





Related ReviewsMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Decabolic Creatine – NutraCell Labs Anabolic Testosterone Boost? 





 

Pure Testo Booster – Natural Testosterone Male Enhancement? 





 

Xenoandrogens – Safe & Natural Anabolic Steroid Alternatives? 

 




 

Wachters – No. 8 – Sleek ‘N Lean Weight Loss Organic Sea Product? 





 

Ornithine – How Arginine-Derived L-Ornithine Amino Acid Works? 





 

NutraGlow – Super Lean & Super B Sublingual Vitamins Drops? 

  


125 COMMENTS






A Dr Gundry is pushing Prebiotics. What is the difference between that and Probiotic that you are handling.









I’ll save everyone the time of watching “Dr” Amy Lee’s long-winded videos and wasting money on their supplements.
Here it is: Eat foods from around the “outside” of the grocery store (fresh produce, meats, and low-fat dairy in moderation and multi-grain breads in moderation) and avoid processed/pre-packaged foods from the aisles. THAT’S IT.
Not a popular sales pitch, because there’s no money to be made in it, but that’s all you need to know. Have good day!









Clarification, when I say “meats”, I mean lean meats in moderation. Eat all the fresh produce you can, especially cruciferous and leafy greens. I prefer organic for fruits/vegetables that you don’t peal, organic/grass fed for meats, free range/organic for eggs (limit your intake of saturated fats/cholesterol IF you have high blood cholesterol).
To me, sugar, artificial sweeteners, refined/simple carbs are the #1 thing to avoid. If I really need something sweet, I go for some fruit or 100% juices, mixed with a little water and/or some other kind of juice that is really low-sugar, like ‘pure’ blueberry or even pure cranberry which is only ~8 grams of sugar per glass.
Also, eat slowly and only until you’re satisfied. Easy on the chip and fries, substitute veggies for fries when you eat out! Salad over soup! etc. Basically, “make good decisions”.
And of course get all the physical activity you can… take the stairs, walk the long way to work or to the water cooler, park farther away from the store, if you sit for a living, set a reminder to get up once every 45 minutes or more, do some jumping jacks in the morning and at night, etc., etc., etc., be active!









Exactly!!! The info she gives is worth knowing though. When we know the why… it gives the solution more priority.











I completely agree. First I question the fact that this Ms. Lee is not reachable by phone, address or email address. There’s a question for you Sherlock. When it sounds too good to be true…you got it, it probably is too good to be true. How sad she gave a good presentation….good luck Ms Lee. Just don’t like folks giving me part of any information, I like it all and really like to be able to contact the person making such claims. Ill pass.











Hi – would anyone know if BIO-x4 is available in Australia and if so, where can I get it?
Thanks in advance









I’m hesitant to mention my results because no one has mentioned anything even related to my experience. I have taken the bio-x4 for eleven days now and starting with day two my life has changed. I woke up with a start, wondering what was wrong and realized I slept the entire night without getting up to take a whiz. And I wasn’t needing to run to the bathroom. In the past I have been experiencing some painful urination. That has went away. Can u tell me if theres any connection with the bio.x4 or is it something else. I do take two different medicines for my prostrate. Bob E









That is an entirely plausible effect Bob! I am just reading through all this to see if I want to recommend this product to my clients (who I council on true nutrition and using real food and superfoods to bring about health (even from a disease state such as stage 4 cancer) I recommend several of the ingredients in this product in addition to many dietary intake changes that she did not cover. This product will undoubtedly decrease inflammation and aid in digestion of proteins which will increase your nutrient absorption and help your body create the substrates that make it work properly. There is a lot of science that she does not cover, but what she does cover is accurate as far as I can see. She is long winded, but it seems that there is a necessity to this as there is so much that the average person does not know! I would leave you my website to check out more what I teach, but I don’t know if that is allowed? If you want it, reply to me and I will tell you :-)
Deanna (Exercise physiologist, clinical weight loss and nutrition specialist)











I called there number advertised 1-800-679-5520 and recording says changed to 1-800-712-6600 and its some directory research program. Need to speak with live person on this product. Anyone been able to contact customer service. Should not be this hard, makes me thing company is a sham and shady!!
Has anyone else been able to contact customer representative and at what phone #. 
Allison









It’s 888-679-5520 not 800-679-5520











I am sensitive to most foods and supplements, but this product seems fine. Please consider making it without the green tea extract, and clearly state the caffeine content per pill.









Hi. I’m about to order this product and I just read a bunch of comments. I would like to point out that you lovely ladies need to stop looking at the scale. It’s basically a liar. What you need to focus on is your inches and how you’re digestion/elimination is reacting. 
Apart of the product is turning your fat into muscle cells, and muscle actually weighs more than fat so do not be discouraged when you see no difference on the scale. Throw the damn thing away and focus on your inches and your digestion.
I’m super excited to start using this product, and I’m going to share this with my mother who’s had lots of difficulty with hormonal imbalance which I think is coming from her diet and stress. Wish us luck!!!









Fat does not turn into muscle. Fat cells can shrink (or be removed through liposuction), but they cannot be turned into muscle. Muscle cells are formed by germ cells in a process known as myogenesis. Muscle velopment occurs through exercise, not by using this product. This product contains NOTHING that grows muscles or transforms fat into muscles. Furthermore, hormone imbalances need to be treated by physical exercise, diet, and traditional medicine (if the first 2 aren’t helping). If your mother has hormonal imbalance, it could be caused by something physically wrong with her body like with polycystic ovary syndrome. This product will NOT help with a hormonal imbalance. Again, that’s something that must be treated with diet, exercise, and traditional medicine if the first 2 aren’t working. There is NOTHING in this product that will help with hormonal imbalances. I truly hope you research items like this product before trying to treat a medical problem.









this comment is NOT fully correct. Candida can most definitely cause hormonal imbalance. Candida usually begins in the gut and can be amplified by poor diet and poor DIGESTION. Parasites can also cause horrible hormonal imbalance. Those usually begin in the gut as well…
so the statement “there is NOTHING in this product that will help with hormonal imbalances” is very incorrect. if it helps with digestion, it can help with hormonal imbalances.









I agree with you 100 % Robin DeMio 😊















I did try it and it didn’t work for me. I actually gained two pounds and have had stomach cramps that I never had previously. In addition, don’t rely on their “money-back guarantee”. I sent them an Email and they have not responded









Just read this. I have not tried the product yet, but have done my own reasearch and there is nothing in it, other than a small amount of caffeine in the green tea that may cause you any problem. Any program that is geared at changing your body and digestive track, can cause some discomfort over the first month and will sometimes take up to 3 months to see results that you like. Thats why most products and even exercise compainies always say, 90 days. Second. I would recommend calling them to get the refund. THen you can record a name and time and date that you called for help. Nucific’s customer service department at 888-679-5520 . in order to request a refund.Here is the number that they say to call. You will get your money back if you truly do not think it is working but I would recommend giving it longer than a 30 day trial. ALso, you do and should be making changes to what you eat along the way. You can’t keep eating the same junk and expect a change you will only get the same results that you have always had .Nucific’s customer service department at 888-679-5520 or [email protected] in order to request a refund.











Hi everyone…I’m still going strong and sugar free…I don’t crave sweets and is not a problem, and not tempted by sweets desserts and pass up all birthday party cakes… I have my 100% Cacao and organic dates to satisfy me. My weight is still going up and down and bloating is better. Weigh in this morning was 171.8 yet I am losing inches. Went from a size14 to a size 9 which was shocking since my weight doesn’t move much. Haven’t measured myself. Funny my weight loss is very slow but inches are coming off now! Taking the Bio-X4 Faithfully 3x’s per day. Being sugar free, vegetarian and taking the Bio-X4 one would think the pounds would be dropping. But it’s true that slower is better… patience is a virtue. Hope to hear how everyone is doing. Much respect to all. Questions are welcomed! Best wishes.









Haven’t seen any other comments from you, it is now March 2017 – what are your thoughts on Bio-X4 now? Thanks Mary Ellen









HI Roxie. It’s been about 6 months since your last post. An update on your results is greatly appreciated. Thank you and God bless!











Hello everyone… Caroline have you lost any weight at all in 5 months? Or are you not checking your weight? I’ve been using my Bio -x4 for just over a month. Started it September 15th. Last night I has a severe reaction to eating cumin. I’m already deathly allergic to garlic & cilantro and now cumin? I put it in my black bean dip I made. I’m in hopes Bio-x4 will change my allergy issue with my stomach, but not holding my breath. I nearly died last night. Was 40 minutes before I was found. Son said I stopped breathing twice. He got me breathing again. 911 was there pretty fast. As of this morning my weight was 169.2 …Started at 177.4 … My bloating went down first day but came right back and my weight as well kept going back up. I quit sugar consumption about a month before I started the bio-x4 and also became a vegetarian… so I’m not sure which is working for me. My stomach is tore up from the allergy reaction last night. The attacks are extremely painful and a pain like no other. I have been Faithfully taking my bio- X4… 3 times a day. I plan to remain sugar free and vegetarian… the only thing that keeps me from keep being a vegan is.. I’m eating eggs once a week. I don’t eat any dairy! I use almond cheese. Best wishes to all.









If youre allergic to cilantro you shouldn’t eat cumin- I’m fairly certain cumin is just the dried form of cilantro. Best of luck.









Thank you Cori…Yeah! I learned it the hard way! I had to do research on it!









Coriander is the dried seed of cilantro, not cumin.









Cori, I believe you are referring to coriander. If you are allergic to cilantro, coriander and cilantro are basically the same thing. Cumin has nothing to do with cilantro.









Cumin is part of the parsley family, and its “seeds” are actually the dried fruit of the plant. Ground cumin is the seeds in powder form. The most commonly sold powder is made from amber cumin seeds, as opposed to white or black. Coriander is the seed of the cilantro plant.













I have been using the BIO-X4 for about 5 months now. I am not sure if it is helping me lose weight, but it has done amazing things for my digestive track. I used to have many digestive issues that disappear as long as I am taking the BIO-X4. If I stop taking it for a few days, the problems return (which is how I know the BIO-X4 is the key). I find that I get the advantages by taking just 1 or 2 pills a day. Perhaps if I took the full dose I would experience the weight loss benefits….









Hi everyone…Was away for weekend so wasn’t able to weigh in…They say don’t weigh in often but…I do anyway! Friday Sept 16th was last weigh in…Keep in mind that I cook and prep my own meals that are organic vegetables/fruits best for collagen/elasticity building so my body will shrink with me…Just makes sense to me. I drink mass amounts of water…chug 9+ cups per day…I keep track to make sure I drink enough. I consume 2 tablespoons of organic blackstrap molasses unfiltered….every morning…Keep in mind I don’t consume any sugar…or preservatives…Research it and you will learn it’s benefits. Not saying you have too take it too…I do for me. I’m a researcher type so I research what I consume. Taking my Bio-X4 as instructed. I do find my body is lacking enough calcium so had to start taking my Coral Calcium to help out. Reminder…I’m age 57 5′ 6″ my Bio-X4 start weight was 177.4 Sept 15th… my weigh in this morning was 174 Sept 19th…Hang in there everyone and remember…it can take 60 to 90 days. Everyone is different and eats different so…listen to your body it will give into you… so feed it right and research! I eat organic vegetables/fruits best for collagen/ elasticity building…Reminder…to drink at least 9 cups of water per day. Look forward to hearing about your journey. Roxie S.









Hi everyone…Well went to a fabric store and bought a tape measure yesterday…I’ve never measured myself before. Rather shocking seeing my size LOL I’ve not been able to lose my bloat in my belly for awhile…I’ve been frustrated over it! Drinking mass water didn’t even help. I noticed a difference when I woke up. Belly bloat down 1 1/2 inches. I can breathe better even. I’m so looking forward to ending my bloat situation, and seems to be happening over night with the Bio-X4 and supplement. I’m so hoping it helps with my food allergies and rashes I’ve been getting… it seems that I’ve become sensitive to many things. By the way I didn’t mention I’m 5’6″ and my weigh in was 176.8 on my scale this morning. Yesterday was 177.4 ..I sure didn’t expect it to see it go down overnight! Look forward to seeing what more happens. Best wishes.









Hi everyone…Very excited…I finally received my Bio-X4 it also has a supplement with it. Which I didn’t understand came with it. It didn’t come with any instructions so I had to call and ask. From what the representative told me on the phone.. I take 1 Bio-X4 3 times per day, and 1 per day of the supplement. Wash them down with 2 cups of water. About me…I’m 57 and weigh 178.4 at my scale this morning. I do understand it can take 60 to 90 days before I may notice… I am the most patient person you’ll ever meet. I stopped eating sugar a while back and I feel so much better now. I have gave up my organic honey as well…I used it in my coffee. I seemed to be packing on the pounds… I had made it my sugar substitute and found out that was a mistake by my scale going up. It didn’t take me long to stop craving sugar. But I am human and I do love my 100% Cacao dark chocolate and eat it with a bite of organic dates to keep my sanity… after all I am human. I also follow a diet that contains what I need to gain back my collagen and elasticity which are certain fruits and vegetables which is good to research. Which I feel is clever for me to gain back my collagen and elasticity. Look forward to following your journey as well. Best wishes.









I love your review and comments. Thank You! John S.









Hi John S. Thank you…Will post more hopefully soon. Have you started the the Bio-X4 as well? Would love to follow your story! Support is always a good thing. Roxie S.













Hi everyone I’ve been doing a lot of research and I really like all I’ve read on Bio-x4 I’ve ordered my supply and exited to start and see what it does for me. I finally got my willpower and no longer use sugar and eating lots of portabella mushrooms…lost 7 pounds in 2 weeks just with that change. I’m deathly allergic to garlic and Cilentro and I have to do my own cooking which is a plus keeping me away from garlic and deadly preservatives. I’m hoping it will fix my issues and be lucky enough to rid of all my allergies…time will tell…I ordered a big supply so just waiting on the delivery. I will be honest and state my age…weight and have you follow me here if you like when I start…So I look forward to this journey and your journey as well.









I take fluvoxamine. Is that okay with BIO x4?









I have taken the BIO X4 since December 2015. At first, I noticed the loss of appetite and feeling like I didn’t enjoy eating. However, I believe my body became resistant to the supplement and 3 pills a day was not enough. Just eat less and enjoy life.









I started taking it beginning of May and wasn’t really paying much attention to the results because to be honest, I haven’t had much luck with anything up until now and didn’t expect the miracle it was promising. I do believe in probiotics and have been taking them off and on for at least 10years, so I figured it couldn’t hurt since I was already spending cash towards similar products for the benefits they give to my digestive system. 
Well, about in the middle of June, I started to realize I was losing weight. My pants were actually falling down and I had to get a smaller size out, which I haven’t been in for a long time. I have been under a lot of stress because of my sister losing her battle with aggressive MS, and my need to be with her almost daily. 
Also, the fact that we got “rats” in our house and have been fighting to get rid of them for over three months. Still have one left…the mother and we are hoping that we got the male before she was pregnant again. (I know, sickening and I never thought I would have this problem) Anyway the reason I shared that is because I wanted to make the point that usually I gain when I am stressed out. 
Not this time, I actually went from my size 40’s and some 42 pants… down to size 38 and some 36’s ! Excites me a lot. I had done all the things it suggests before, the drinking of more water and not eating the foods that are the no no’s. But I would not lose weight. I messed my metabolism up in my early 30’s going on a very low calorie diet just to get back to 132 lbs for my husband… from my “enormously gross” 157. 
When I come off the 1000-1200 calorie diet, I found I could not hardly eat anything extra without gaining. Add to the situation, I was unable to exercise the way I had because of some medical problems. I still cannot exercise the way I would love to and I haven’t changed that either while I have been taking Bio-x4. 
I have no other explanation except that with God’s help and this product, I have now lost a good many pounds. I am not sure what I was when I started, but I had been up to 224 and I am pretty sure I was close that number. I got on the scales for the first time in months and was close 190. I haven’t been able to get below 200 for years, I mean years! 
Usually I don’t share just because I am embarrassed or not really impressed with the product. I have to share knowing that this may help someone like me… who had literally given up on ever losing any amount of weight again. Listen to her video about how it works and see if it sounds like the solutions may work for you… If you have trouble with sweets, (I rarely do) my problem was chips… I prayed and asked God to help me with my cravings because I wanted to be good to my body and I found myself being able to put them on my husbands plate without eating any and even being able to let them go stale and throwing them out. 
Well, I guess that is about it… by now you either think I am a nut or wonder if I am being paid. I’m neither. Just a happy older woman who is thankful to have found something that is helping me to get into some nicer clothes and feel like going out again.









thank you for your story…can we get an update? wondering how things are going now that it has been > 90 day. linda









Thanks for your share looking forward to receiving my product.











I have inquiries.I’m a female and I currently take Nutrilite’s Double X. Before meals, I take 555 or Red Clover . In addition, I take a Detox [Lily of the Desert-Aloe Herbal Detox Formula] prior to meals in the morning and Noni juice in the evening prior to a meal. Will there be any conflicts? 
Also, I’ve been a lifelong Narcoleptic/Hypoglycemic…. although not a diabetic. My physician said I was quote[morbidly obese] , i.e. 80 pounds overweight with a body index in excess of the norm. Much can be contributed to injuries incurred from two car accidents which drastically altered my lifestyle from highly active to sedentary. Now at age 67, retired 12yrs.,5’7″ and recovered about 85%, I have gained weight and have been a steady 250lbs over the past decade. Getting back into an exercise regimen is not easy despite being[ a former athlete, Judo instructor, RC lifeguard, dancer]. LASTLY, I need to know about excess skin when weight loss incurs. Will there be shrinkage naturally?









Where are all the promised follow ups?









EXACTLY!!!









Right I’m looking for some one with a real testimony as far as Bio X working or not. I’m not interested in anyone’s personal infestations!













I love this product. It significantly reduced my cravings for food and I am absolutely taking in less food/calories. I’ve dramatically cut my sugar intake, stopped the sugary yogurt that I used to eat every morning. Just a rare cookie or piece of birthday cake now and then! I seriously feel like a new person, lost almost 25 pounds. I’m also walking every day now because I feel like doing it, not because I think I ‘should’ go walking. I’m about to order more, I started with a 3 month supply and it’s only been 6 weeks, but I’ve given so much away to friends so they can try for themselves!









Everyone’s remarks do not really give a BIG endorsement of this product regarding weight loss which is the thing that the LONG video touted. The LONG video re: this product and others I’ve viewed drives me crazy. Why do they have to go on and on? Am interested in this product but skeptical until I see a bunch of responses from those who have used this product for 6-12 months and give a positive review.









I’m with you Mary











Just ordered this product. Mostly for the digestive health as I have had some problems with dairy in the last year, and I’m wondering if this will allow me to eat foods without having to be dairy free. All the other benefits seem to be a bonus. *Fingers crossed*









Me I ordered it today.
Cant wait until it gets here
I hope to keep you all updated











Just got my 3 bottles a couple days ago & already noticed more regularity, 3 days in a row, which is huge for me since I don’t “go” everyday. Will try to update later.









I have ordered a monthly bottle of Bio-x4. I have a few reservations; one is that I take 20 mgs. of Celexa per day (anti-depressant) so will talk to my doctor before starting Bio-x4. I now take an excellent probiotic product made by Schiff called “Digestive Advantage” and am very happy with it as it has brought about regularity consisting of from 2 to 3 bms daily. This result assures me that it is having positive effects on my digestive system in that it is cleaning out lots of the bad bacteria (I’ve never had bms more than 1x per day and sometimes went for 4 days in-between – very irregular.) Because of craving blocking I am really hoping that this product will work for me and I will definitely return to report progress.









i also take celexa and am worried about interaction. did your doctor say you could take it or not?











HI Everyone,
I was excited to see this page and hope that I can track my progress as well.
I was hooked when I watched the presentation. I am not normally one to go in for something like this but the marketing was very scientific and I am drawn to that even though I didn’t research at all.
I am very irregular I am sensitive to gluten and dairy although never willing to truly give them up. I have had the lap band surgery in 2011 and not a success but took off thirty pounds and kept it off so not a totally waste.
I am very interested to see how I do on this product. Whis me luck its day one









Can i get the Bio-x4 in Canada is a there Sissified i am Direct take a lot of Malediction i had a Stoke before now my water is hard to Maine feal weak complicate most of the time a large stumic wetting my bed Some times i have Husserl to the bath room B fore i Go an harder. 
Carl









I have noticed very smelly gas and irregularities in my bm’s over the period of a week I have started taking this product. I have not lost any weight but have noticed my stomach feeling flatter. I wonder if this is normal.









I have always noticed that when I start taking a probiotic, I always thought it was all that harmful bacteria finally leaving my digestive system. I’ve got no problems with that!











I’m more focus on the digestive system since I suffer from ulcerative colitis. Anyone under this situation see any improvement or rcend this product? Please write your comment









Hello, I promised to come back in 30 days and let you know how it has gone. I have not lost weight but my clothes are looser. My stomach bloat is gone and I feel a ton better and more comfortable. I do have energy, a little to much as I have a difficult time going to sleep at night. The only real complain I have is that I used to be very regular and now I am super gassy and irregular. I am 1/4 of the way through my second bottle. I will report again in a month.









This product really does work. My start weight was 254, I started on 4/27/16 today 5/20/16 Im down to 239. Hard to believe I know, my waist is shrinking as well as my stomach.
Ive tried alot of different things and this is the best by far.









Kim, along with this product what diet are you on, or what are you doing besides? I’ve been on weight watchers which had worked for me in the past, but the scale isn’t moving….. very frustrating.











How’s it going with the product? Any weight loss?











Much too expensive.









I’m diagnosed with colitis as well so I would be interested in knowing the answer to your question before I purchase.











I have taken biox4 for 10 days now, 3x a day. The first few days I had bowel movement 2-3 times a day. It was great my digestive system is improving. After a few days later, it has lessened. I get more hungry from it rather than my appetite is being suppressed. I craved sweets too. I’m thinking it was probably because I was pmsing that time. I noticed my weight has not decreased nor did it increased. So I’m not sure if I noticed anything different anymore. I feel great though, but I don’t have that energy it says we will have if we’re to take it. I don’t know if I should continue it or not because my body is diff from others.









I found out that the only way to suppress the appetite, is to really drink the whole 2 cups of water 1 minute before eating. Then I really feel full before I even start eating, and cannot eat as much. If I don’t drink enough water or if I drink it after I start eating, it doesn’t help….
About the energy, I really felt it in the first week or 2, but now I think by body got used to it so I don’t feel any more energetic than the usual. However, I do feel good overall.









Emailonline,
Hi, I’d suggest that you research further about my comments. 
I understand you are smart enough to decide for yourself. Maybe you need to choose, wearing out your kidney’s for now, since this filling youraelf w/ water is a means to an end for now.
Um, if we drink more than 4 oz of liquid before eating, then we are diluting the digestive juices, which is needed for digestion. the older we become, we already have less enzymes. Beceause we produce less enzymes, so (ergo” the importance of the 3 enzymes which are in this product for digestion.
Back to the water consumption. Our kidney’s are only designed to at one time, to process 8oz of liquid max,( a well read dietician expert tells me)
If someone has gone without water for far too long.
Then catching up all at once is a waste. Your kidney’s will overwork, and you will water down electrolytes. FYI, & off topic. Catching up on dehydration: 8oz, wait 15 minutes. Then 2-3 oz, ect.
Dr. Wylie MD, a well reknowned HOLOLISTIC Optometrist in Spokane WA, agrees to not overload the body w/ water.









“wearing out your kidneys” is not a thing. dehydration causes kidney problems.. AND your stomach continues to produce “digestive juices” all the time, not sure about your references…. . Basic biology class would show you that water is included in EVERY process in the body, and is 80% of your bodies weight. SCIENCE! please dont spread the bunk info some people might believe it..









Agree…Asians don’t drink water before or after meal at least 30 min window. No wonder they are skinner and have less digestive system problem.















how do I place my order









Is there anyone here who has actually lost weight ?? Or is this pill just helps u feel less bloated









I lost 6 pounds in the first 2 weeks. But I believe it was mostly water retention. Anytime a person starts a new diet and drinks more water, they lose water retention weight.
After that it kind of stabilised. They send you an email to know what to expect every few weeks and they say weight loss is around weeks 5-8. I’m starting week 5 now. I’ll update if I see any major weight loss…











I started taking about 3 weeks ago, but i have to be honest. Because I don’t eat half as much as I used to before taking the Bio X, I have been eating everything I should not be eating. Everything from Pizza, burgers,pasta, sweets, etc. I have not put on one pound, but I have not lost one pound either. I feel pretty good. I don’t feel bloated, swollen or inflamed. I can truly tell the difference between Bio x4 and all the other crap I have taken. I have tried everything under the sun. So today Saturday 04/16/2016 I have started a eat better regime. I put nothing but healthy food into my system and do some light workouts, nothing crazy. I currently weight 160 and my goal is 130. I will be back on 05/01/2016 to share any results I have achieved so far any the true amount of effort I really gave.









GREAT RECIPE: 1 CAN EA BLACK BEANS, & CORN DRAINED, FRESH CHOPPED SWEET PEPPERS, HALF ONION OR WHOLE, CHIVES, TOMATO, CELERY, CILANTRO TO TASTE, LIME & OR LEMON JUICE AVOCADO WORKS AS WELL. I ONLY ADD THE AVO & CILANTRO TO BOWL WHEN DISHING IT UP. IT WILL KEEP 3 DAYS IN FRIDGE IF YOU DO. LOTS OF OTHER OPTIONS RADISHES! ECT
FRESH CABBAGE, SPROUTS
BEST WITH FRESH LIME JUICE









Add quiona













I started this 2 weekends ago. I took as directed, and started eating less at meal time and my cravings were reduced. My stomach also felt great and not bloated.
The only thing is that, exactly after 1 week, I started getting really bloated all the time. It’s been 3 days straight now that I feel like I have a water balloon for a belly and waiting to see if it’ll get better.









After more research, I discovered that it’s the probiotics that could cause the bloating. It depends on the person and people with weaker immune system are more affected. Also, there are different strains of probiotics, so if you’re uncomfortable with one, it does not mean that you will have the same reaction to all probiotics.
The body could get used to it eventually, or if not, the best option would to discontinue the product.
I will continue using it for a while and see if the discomfort continues or not.









Update: all bloating is now gone and I’m back to feeling great,like I did in the first week. I don’t expect any immediate weight loss. With the current decrease in appetite however, I will definitely be losing a few pounds.









Same here felt great at first then bloated gassy etc. I’m going to try to take in more fluids especially water. See if that makes a difference. Been taking them for about 5 weeks now.











I take a low dose of thyroid. Will this pill effect this thyroid medication or my thyroid in general?









Why hasn’t anyone replied with their findings? Hopefully not dead! I kid.









I’m thinking it didn’t work so they just never came back. IDK. I really wish people did come back positive or negative, just tell me what’s going on a couple/few months in….











I have been on Bio-X4 for 6 days now, I take 1 capsule with breakfast and 1 with lunch, I am on antidepressants so I am not taking 3 a day, it gives me stomach pains if I take 3 a day. So far in the 6 days I have lost 5lbs, BM’s are not as regular as most have stated. I am having about 1-2 a day so it’s not too bad. I have also increased my water consumption to 3 16.9oz water bottles compared to barely one a day. Nothing else in my diet has been changed.









I have been taking this product for 5 days, and so far I have experienced a much better digestive system, which for me is fantastic! Prior to this, I did not have regular bowel movements, so the fact that I can go once or twice in one day is life changing! For this reason alone I will continue to use this product. I can’t speak on the weight loss effects yet as its too early to tell. As far as cravings, I don’t know if it’s made that much of a difference. All in all I would recommend this product, especially people with irregular bowels.









I started my first month 4 days ago and so far, well, underwhelming? I have actually gained a pound but to be fair I have also eaten things that would have tipped the scale either way, maybe more so. I am doing the three tablets a day route and started on a weekend to see how my body would adapt. Everything seems fine, and at first I was a little concerned about the BM’s, but I am only having them every other day, not one per meal as some are having? But I think everyone will have a different experience with them depending on your meals. The only thing I have noticed about BM’s is that when you have them, you better bring a can of air freshener!
I am keeping a log of what I eat, when I eat, and my daily weight for each day so I will come back on the weekends while I am still taking BIO-X4 and let you know how things are going.









Very interesting, and a little troubling, that not one of the people who PROMISED to come back in 30 days to report their results has come back to report anything.









I have been on this product for 4 days now. I take 2 with lunch and 2 with dinner. I don’t eat breakfast hardly. I have notice a big change in my appetite. I don’t eat as much and get full faster. I am still getting bloated after I eat but it is not nearly as bad. I have 1-2 movements after each meal and before I would go days without one. Right now I feel like I am sort of detoxing. Getting rid of all that crap in my gut. Other than that it is too early to tell. I will keep you posted









Why are you taking 2 capsules at a time, instead of 2 at lunch and 1 with dinner? You are only suppose to take 3 capsules a day, not 4.









The bottle states that you can take up to 6 tablets a day, two with each meal. But suggests 1 with each meal. She’s still being safe, calm down.









They bottle says that you can take 2 with each meal and not to exceed 6 capsules per day.











Take it correctly like stated. 1 with each meal, 3 times daily.











I just started mine today. Super excited to see how it works and will update after 30 days!









Just ordered and cant wait to get, I hope this helps. I will remember this site and post results, I promise.









I used this product faithfully for 3 months, 3 times a day with meals. I’ve never used anything like this before and was a bit wary (still am) about what I put in my body, but it felt as if my digestion needed some help. The positive things that happened for me were that my stomach got flatter, my whole lower abdomen felt lighter, gas and bloating were just about gone, all my cravings stopped, I needed less food to feel full, and I actually lost a few pounds. Just to be sure about the results, when the pills ran out I deliberately went for a week to see what would happen. Well, all my old symptoms came back–so I decided to order more. However, when I went on the website, I could not figure out how to access the lower price I had paid previously which (I thought) was guaranteed for life. I also could not figure out to access the 59% discount touted on a current ad. I have sent a complaint to their customer service and am awaiting a reply. Will keep you posted.









Please let us know! Thank you









Hey, have you ever gotten a response? What did they say?









I watched the video and it stated that it was a one time discount… try Amazon!











How do I order on line?
Is it sold locally, Yuba City, CA?









I’m a teacher and can’t run to the bathroom any time I need to. How long after taking the supplement does a bm occur? It’s unfortunate that this may be what keeps me from trying it…









I have not been taking this very long but I have not had any issues with having to run to the bathroom after taking Biox4, and my husband hasn’t either, so I wouldn’t let that worry stop you from trying this….











Does anyone have any results after 30day use? Did anyone get a full refund with no hassle?









My father and I both bought a 90 day supply he notices he’s not as hungry and only eats about half of the food he normally ate, so far he is impressed. I started these 5 days ago, my craving have gone down a lot (previous binge eater) and I have 1-3 bowel movements post meal. They only thing if I dug it up was just that my stomach kinda hurts after any food but feel better after bm. So far I don’t know about the numbers on the scale but I was developing tightening of the skin from rapid weight gain prior to these pills and now my skin doesn’t feel like it’s tearing anymore









I just ordered a 3 bottle supply. It will be cool to see because my girlfriend will be trying them also. We have already started a diet of avoiding fast-food, most high fructose corn syrup products, and sugary bevarges. Intend to start as directed and hoping it will go well. I’ll let you know when I reicieve my product









Is there anyone who tried this procduct in 2016 and have results??









I do have a friend at work that is taking this and a digestive enzymes to lose weight she has lost 7 pounds so far. I am starting mine soon.Side Effects of Bio X4
According to Nucific, Bio X4 has no known side effects and it is made up of pure ingredients. They manufacture supplements that are both gluten-free and allergen-free, and their products do not contain any filler ingredients whatsoever.
The only warning Bio X4 gives is that people taking anti-depressants should be wary about using Bio X4 because it contains Caralluma Fimbriata Extract, which may cause mood swings if you are taking common antidepressants. If you are on an antidepressant, then it’s recommended you ask your doctor whether or not Bio X4 is right for you.









I just started today…I will definitely keep you guys posted! I am just as curious as everyone else! Wish me luck!:)









This is my 3 day and I see better improvement with regularly definitely a plus for me I’ve noticed that my stomach has went down some only been on it for a couple of days so I’ll keep you posted on my outcome









I have been taking for nearly two weeks. I have noticed decrease in bloating, decreased sugar cravings, and the only thing I changed was taking the supplement. In addition, I lost 2 pounds in 10 days. My IBS has improved tremendously. I will update after 30 days.









Good to know. Thanks for sharing. I would like to know how you are doing. Good luck!









Hows the progress?









How is this.working for u









Emilie…the 30 days has passed! How are your results??











it looks like its focusing only on woman. Does this also work for men?









I suggest watching the whole slide show, but yes it is definitely for men as well.











I am Dr. Bear Murray. I am a psychotherapist and I conduct neuropsychological testing on a wide range of individuals. I have been studying and observing the effects of diet, nutrition, and sleep on cognition for years. I am in no way connected to this company. Ian currently investigating this product myself to use personally as well as recommend to my patients. My wife is an OB/Gyn and together we see a wide array of weight and emotional issues. Please understand, I am not here to endorse this product. If after my investigation, I have positive results, I will make a further post.









Bear, how do you feel since taking bio x4? I appreciate any response you may give.
Terri









Any updates on this product Doctor?









Well what do you have to say?









What were your results and thoughts on this product?









Have you finished your investigation?









Are you really a doctor?









Bear Murray, inquiring minds want to know what the heck you have concluded











For more information about this product and the ingredients you can buy in the store, look at the site. It’s worth a try in my opinion.









just ordered will leave info. as i start 11/21/15 any and all result.









Any results yet?









please update











I just ordered the product I will let you all know if the product work, I paid with my own money. 









I know this is a newer product, but I’m looking for a review from someone who has actually tried the product and had a (hopefully) successful experience. Or a horrible one! I’m just looking for honesty either way. 








Comments are closed.










  Affiliate Disclosure: For full FTC compliance transparency; please assume we may receive a small commission from the sales of certain products & supplements reviewed. In order to operate optimally, our dedicated team & site is supported by advertising revenue and can be compensated from recommended product links.
2,257FansLike168FollowersFollow47FollowersFollow403FollowersFollow678SubscribersSubscribe







 
Why Detox? Insights For Whole Body Cleansing Health Benefits?







 
Healthy Weight Loss Guide – New Super Tips & Savvy Tricks...







 
Probiotics Review – Best Supplements, Health Benefits & Side Effects Guide







 
Nootropics Review – Brain Enhancing Smart Drug Supplements?







 
SilaLive Silica With Food Grade Diatomaceous Earth

 





 
Top 27 SuperFoods – Which Nutritional Whole Foods Improve Dieting Habits?



   

 









 



SupplementPolice.com Disclaimers  FDA Disclosure: These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. 
FTC Disclosure: We represent a professional research and review team, and on our page you may find affiliate links for which we could be compensated for by clicking on them. All logos and names are respective to each company and brand, all registered trademarks and protected images are used under the terms of 'fair use'. Please reach out, we're human too.  
 

Join Our Growing Facebook Community 

Stay Connected On Social Media2,257FansLike168FollowersFollow47FollowersFollow403FollowersFollow678SubscribersSubscribe Recommended Reviews To Research




Alternascript NatureThin Patented Weight Loss Ingredients









WARNING: Your Body Is Under Attack By Dirty Dietary Nutrition Health...




   The content here is for information purposes only. By delivering the information contained herein is does not mean preventing, diagnosing, mitigating, treating or curing any type of medical condition or disease. When beginning any natural supplementation regiment or integrative treatment, the advice of professionally licensed healthcare providers is advisable to seek. 
 





ABOUT USTo Serve & Protect Natural Health Supplements -
The SupplementPolice.com website was established to give you, our readers, a better understanding of supplements that you may be taking or considering taking. FOLLOW US





























 







 About
 FTC Disclaimer
Affiliate Disclosure
 How We Work
 Guidelines
 Free Trial Offers
 Contact
 

© SupplementPolice.com
























































































































































































































































Eternity Healthcare Inc (ETAH.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Eternity Healthcare Inc (ETAH.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ETAH.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.03USD
26 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.03


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

27,483




52-wk High

$0.23


52-wk Low

$0.02












					Full Description



Eternity Healthcare Inc., incorporated on October 24, 2007, is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in discovery, development and marketing of medical devices. The Company is focused on marketing of its needle-free injection device technology. It also includes an over the counter pain treatment device using laser as treatment source. Its products include Nozzles/syringes, Adapters, Nozzle/Adapter Combination Pack and Adapters (Large). Its products are sold to healthcare professionals for use in physicians' offices, pharmacies and to all consumers.The Company is engaged in providing delivery technologies for insulin, human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), human growth hormone (hGH), Vitamin B12, vaccines, anesthetics, migraine medication and steroids. The Company provides a soft injection system that avoids the use of needles for the delivery of various sorts of injectable medications, including cancer medication. It is a universal injection system that can deliver medication in both pediatrics and adults. The Company has additional technologies that are in development-stage.The Company competes with PharmaJet, Akra, AdvantaJet, Zogenix, Inovio Pharmaceuticals, BioValve Technologies, Inc., Paketeria AG, Crossjet, Valeritas, Inc., Penjet, Consort Medical plc, Antares Pharma Inc and The Medical House plc.

» Full Overview of ETAH.PK







					Company Address



Eternity Healthcare Inc
409 Granville St Suite 1023VANCOUVER   BC   V6C 1T2
P: +1604.3241113F: +1604.3244845







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Hassan Salari

120,000




» More Officers & Directors





					Eternity Healthcare Inc News




» More ETAH.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution
























Eternity Clears Product Development Hurdle Other OTC:ETAH









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Eternity Clears Product Development Hurdle




















June 28, 2017 09:30 ET

 | Source: Eternity Healthcare, Inc.






PHOENIX and VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June  28, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Eternity Healthcare Inc. (OTC:ETAH), announces it has resolved an earlier manufacturing issue affecting 10% of its syringes (nozzles) and resulting in a failure to obtain CE certification and approval. Preliminary testing of a number of nozzles, confirmed compliance with certification standards. “We are pleased to sort out this final hurdle and look forward to CE auditors completing the inspection process for approval,” said Dr. Salari, President & CEO. The Lenis® Needle-Free Injection system is comprised of four major components.  Currently two of the components have received CE certification and approval and now the third component shall be submitted for approval. We believe the remaining components shall get the approval soon. Needle-Free Injection System ApplicationsThe Needle-Free Injection system can be used for a vast variety of injectable medications, and supplements. These include injection of Insulin for diabetes, injection of vaccines such as flu vaccine and many others, injection of steroids, vitamins, human growth hormones, infertility medications, a vast number of cancer drugs, cosmetic fillers and a new version of epinephrine drugs such as, Mylan’s Epipen®. About Eternity HealthcareEternity Healthcare or the “Company” (OTC:ETAH) is a medical device company with technologies known as Needle-Free Injection System (the Lenis®).  Our products are targeted for use by the healthcare professionals, physicians and consumers directly. For more information on Eternity Healthcare, visit the Company’s website; www.eternityhealthcare.com Safe Harbor StatementThis release includes forward-looking statements. These statements generally can be identified by phrases such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates" or other words or phrases of similar import. All such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Company Contact:			
Dr. Salari				
President & CEO
(604) 324 -1113
hassansalari@eternityhealthcare.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Eternity Healthcare, Inc.


Wellmei Mold of Hong Kong Chosen as Lenis® Nozzle Manufacturer for Eternity
January 30, 2017 09:30


Lenis® Receives Next Regulatory Certification
January 18, 2017 09:30


Milestone Certification Achieved for Eternity Healthcare’s Lenis® Device
January 10, 2017 09:30


Eternity Healthcare Moves to Next Stage Regulatory Approval Phase with Lenis®
December 13, 2016 09:30


FDA Approves a Safer Way to Administer Vaccines
December 09, 2014 08:00








Profile

Eternity Healthcare, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Vancouver, British Columbia, CANADA
  http://www.eternityhealthcare.com




Contact Data
Company Contact:			
Dr. Salari				
President & CEO
(604) 324 -1113
hassansalari@eternityhealthcare.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Eternity Healthcare, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





Eternity Healthcare, Inc. ETAH Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >    > Eternity Healthcare, Inc.   Plunkett Research Online: Eternity Healthcare, Inc.    ETERNITY HEALTHCARE, INC. (ETAH:PINX) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTEternity Healthcare Inc is engaged in the discovery, development and marketing of medical devices. The Company's products are sold to healthcare professionals for use in physicians' offices, pharmacies, and to all consumers...... Eternity Healthcare, Inc.  Ticker: ETAHExchange: PINXParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 604 324-4844Fax: Address: 8755 Ash StreetSuite 1Vancouver, BC V6P 6T3 Canada MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Ranks not availableContacts Excel TextDescription Hassan SalariCEO/CFO/Director/President/Secretary/TreasurerBin HuangDirector See More Eternity Healthcare Inc is engaged in the discovery, development and marketing of medical devices. The Company's products are sold to healthcare professionals for use in physicians' offices, pharmacies, and to all consumers......See More See More Auditor: Sadler, Gibb & Associates, LLC Legal Advisor:    Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201620152014201320122011Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
