

EternoGen Aesthetics Completes Its Financing Round Securing $5MM to Commercialize Their First in Class Bio-Dermal Restoration Portfolio - PR.com





























Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release

Join Now     Sign In







 






Businesses


Articles


Press Releases






 












Business Directory
Products & Services
Jobs





Recent Press Releases
Press Release Pricing
Submit Press Release





Businesses
Products & Services
Products
Services
Press Releases
Jobs








Press Release Pricing
|
News by Category
|
News by Country
|
News by US Region
|
Recent News
|
PR.com News on Your Site







 
Press Releases 


EternoGen Aesthetics LLC



Press Release







Receive press releases from EternoGen Aesthetics LLC: By Email

PDF Version

 RSS Feeds:









EternoGen Aesthetics Completes Its Financing Round Securing $5MM to Commercialize Their First in Class Bio-Dermal Restoration Portfolio
 Columbia, MO,  November 18, 2015 --(PR.com)-- EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC developer and manufacturer of advanced collagen scaffolds, announces the successful completion of its financial round. It has secured $5MM to prepare for the 2016 European commercialization of Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (RPC Pure-Collagen), the first of a rich pipeline of products delivering natural results through Bio-Dermal Restoration in facial aesthetics.This financing enables RPC Pure-Collagen to complete the European regulatory process. It also provides EternoGen Aesthetics with a strong foundation from which to expand RPC Pure-Collagen production and build a premium brand to create transformative change in the $3B (CAGR 12%) global facial injectable market.“Completion of this financing round reflects the broad confidence in our unique proposition. The facial injectable market is ripe for innovation and there is a clear need for an option that truly restores the skin’s supporting dermal tissue both structurally and dynamically. Replacing like with like RPC Pure-Collagen will provide natural lasting results particularly in those aesthetically prominent and challenging areas such as lips,” said Anna Tenstam, EternoGen Aesthetics CEO.At the recent American Society of Dermatological Surgeons (ASDS) conference in Chicago, a panel of leading dermatologists determined RPC Pure-Collagen to be a promising innovation among 6 technologies presented at the Shark Tank session “Entrepreneurs Among us: Take a Risk or Get out of the Water.” 73% of the attending physicians thought RPC Pure-Collagen would enhance procedure outcomes and 65% believed it would improve care for patients.For more information about EternoGen Aesthetics please visit www.eternogen.comAbout RPC Pure-Collagen - RPC Pure-Collagen is a viscous material made of porcine collagen with EDTA and D-Mannitol at a physiological pH provided in a 1 ml Luer-lockTM syringe that can be administered through a fine gauge needle or micro-cannula (30Ga). The viscous composition polymerizes into a fibrous scaffold following injection into dermal or subcutaneous tissue. Following implantation, the RPC Pure-Collagen reacts with local tissue and fibrillogenesis is initiated to convert the collagen solution into a fiber matrix. The EDTA acts as a stabilizer of these collagen fibrils, while the mannitol provides physiologic osmolality. The clinician can manipulate the fiber matrix for a short period (approximately 30 seconds) following implantation to achieve the desired level of correction. The formed matrix provides a scaffold for host fibroblast infiltration and integration with adjacent collagen tissue. The body slowly resorbs the implant.About EternoGen Aesthetics. EternoGen Aesthetics is a commercial stage Medical Device Company that has developed a transformative pipeline of advanced collagen scaffolds to deliver Bio-Dermal Restoration.The parent Company EternoGen, LLC was founded in 2009 by an award winning academic research group from the University of Missouri, led by Professor Sheila Grant, a world authority in biomaterials. The management team of EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC is a group of proven industry veterans with strong connections needed for successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market.This news does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States, and no securities may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state law, or exemptions thereof.






Contact Information
EternoGen Aesthetics LLCCharles Weatherstone+44 7557 358491Contactwww.eternogen.com

Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from EternoGen Aesthetics LLC









Promote Your Business
Affiliate Program
Link To Us
 
Email this page to a friend





PR.com
Contact Us
About Us
Terms of Use
Help







Eternogen Investor relations & commercialization in Europe and Asia







Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



Investor Relations
EternoGen has secured $6.8 million, which has driven product development and optimization.
The academic research was so impressive it attracted the first University of Missouri Enterprise Investment Program Awards. Over 10% of funds came from the management team. In addition, our current investors include the following organizations:
Current investors include:        
         
		          
Commercialisation in Europe and Asia
EternoGen is currently seeking commercialising of RPC Pure Collagen in Europe. EternoGen’s success factors are:

Large and rapidly growing market
Clear customer and consumer need
Superior and unique technology
Experienced team
Attractive acquisition target

For more information
Please download our Investor information or contact us. 



See our strategy
Find out more aboutour team
Download ourinvestor information



















 





Bio-Dermal Restoration Naturally Reinforce Skin








Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



About EternoGen Aesthetics 
Our mission is to bring advanced natural choices to Aesthetic Medicine – beyond toxins and fillers – for naturally reinforced skin providing long term health and radiance.
EternoGen Aesthetics is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has developed a transformative pipeline of first-in-class liquid Collagen tissue products to restore lost dermal tissue. 
EternoGen was founded in 2009 by an award winning academic research group from the University of Missouri, led by Professor Sheila Grant, a world authority in bio-materials. The management team is a group of proven industry veterans with strong industry connections needed for a successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market. Platformtechnology
Find out more aboutour team
Download ourinvestor information



The Advanced Natural Choice 
EternoGen will launch the world’s first Bio-Dermal Restoration treatment to directly restore lost dermal collagen in 2017.
Our platform Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (RPC) is easily injected in liquid form, on contact with tissue a natural collagen scaffold is formed immediately lifting wrinkled skin. RPC’s unique shielding technology inhibits degradation and in months dermal cells infill the scaffold forming natural tissue to support and reinforce the skin restoring youthful fullness, texture and elasticity. 









Contact Eternogen | Advanced Collagen Replenishment







Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin




Contact Us
Please complete the form below to send us a message.

First Name



Last Name



City/Town



State/County



Country



Daytime Phone



Evening Phone



Email



Subject



Comments or Message











See our strategy
Find out more aboutour team
Download ourinvestor information











Eternogen | Rejuvenating the applications of collagen








Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



The World’s Only ‘Liquid Tissue in a Syringe’
Collagen is a complex structural protein. Collagen exists naturally in our dermis to cushion and support the epidermis (the skin’s surface), it’s what gives young skin its fullness, texture, elasticity and strength. 
Over time, collagen degrades resulting in dermal volume loss and the development of wrinkles. 
Nature has already perfected the optimal anti-ageing protein. At EternoGen Aesthetics we believe in simply putting back what is lost. That’s why our platform Bio-Dermal Restoration portfolio strengthens skin by directly restoring lost collagen. For natural results that really last. 

Download ourinvestor information





Platformtechnology
Find out moreabout collagen



EternoGen opens offices at M2D2
LOWELL, MA–EternoGen Aesthetics LLC (EA)announced the opening of new offices within the Massachusetts Medical Device Development Center (M2D2)at MA.


EternoGen Aesthetics completes its financing round securing $5MM to...
EternoGen Aesthetics LLC  has secured $5MM to prepare for the 2017 European commercialization of Rapid Polymerizing Collagen


EternoGen Aesthetics takes on Sharks at the American Society of Dermatologic...
Rapid Polymerizing Collagen excelled in the 2015 ASDS Shark Tank: Entrepreneurs among us: Take a risk or get out of the water!













Media, News and Events from Eternogen







Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



Media, News and Events
We aim to provide reporters, researchers, editors and producers the most up-to-date and relevant information on the company and its portfolio.

EternoGen opens offices at M2D2
Posted: 04 January 2017
The new office will allow the company to be close to their manufacturing site in Massachusetts and to capitalize on the skill base that comes with the dense clustering of similar firms in the region.
EA worked closely with the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center (MLSC) on considering location options in Massachusetts to be close to their contract manufacturer, Berkshire Sterile Manufacturing (BSM) in Lee, Massachusetts.  BSM is a leader in sterile manufacturing processes.  EA plans to utilize the MLSC’s Internship Challenge program to recruit local talent in line with their expansion plans.
“We are pleased to welcome Eternogen to the M2D2 incubator,” said Stephen McCarthy, Founder & Director of M2D2.  “Through the resources of UMass Lowell, the UMass Medical School, and in the Massachusetts entrepreneurial ecosystem as a whole, we look forward to working with Eternogen and helping to advance their technology toward commercialization.”
Share this:
“We are delighted to announce this critical milestone for EA as we gear up for the European launch of Cellifique in 2017” explains Anna Tenstam, EA’s CEO.  “Having an office close to our manufacturing site will significantly improve our operational efficiencies as we scale-up production. Equally Massachusetts has one of the largest concentrations of biotech and med tech activity in the world and being a part of this will give us access to some of the leading scientific and industry talent as we expand.”
The article can be found at the following link:
http://bostonrealestatetimes.com/eternogen-aesthetics-llc-opens-offices-at-massachusetts-medical-device-development-center/


EternoGen Aesthetics completes its financing round securing $5MM to commercialize their first in class Bio-Dermal Restoration portfolio
Posted: 17 November 2015
EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC developer and manufacturer of advanced collagen scaffolds, announces the successful completion of its financial round.  It has secured $5MM to prepare for the 2017 European commercialization of Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (RPC Pure-Collagen), the first of a rich pipeline of products delivering natural results through Bio-Dermal Restoration in facial aesthetics.
This financing enables RPC Pure-Collagen to complete the European regulatory process.  It also provides EternoGen Aesthetics with a strong foundation from which to expand RPC Pure-Collagen production and build a premium brand to create transformative change in the $3B (CAGR 12%) global facial injectable market.
“Completion of this financing round reflects the broad confidence in our unique proposition.  The facial injectable market is ripe for innovation and there is a clear need for an option that truly restores the skin’s supporting dermal tissue both structurally and dynamically. Replacing like with like RPC Pure-Collagen will provide natural lasting results particularly in those aesthetically prominent and challenging areas such as lips” said Anna Tenstam, EternoGen Aesthetics CEO.
At the recent American Society of Dermatological Surgeons (ASDS) conference in Chicago, a panel of leading dermatologists determined RPC Pure-Collagen to be a promising innovation among 6 technologies presented at the Shark Tank session “Entrepreneurs Among us: Take a Risk or Get out of the Water”. 73% of the attending physicians thought RPC Pure-Collagen would enhance procedure outcomes and 65% believed it would improve care for patients. 
For more information about EternoGen Aesthetics please visit www.eternogen.com 
About RPC Pure-Collagen – RPC Pure-Collagen is a viscous material made of porcine collagen with EDTA and D-Mannitol at a physiological pH provided in a 1 ml Luer-lockTM syringe that can be administered through a fine gauge needle or micro-cannula (30Ga). The viscous composition polymerizes into a fibrous scaffold following injection into dermal or subcutaneous tissue. Following implantation, the RPC Pure-Collagen reacts with local tissue and fibrillogenesis is initiated to convert the collagen solution into a fiber matrix. The EDTA acts as a stabilizer of these collagen fibrils, while the mannitol provides physiologic osmolality. The clinician can manipulate the fiber matrix for a short period (approximately 30 seconds) following implantation to achieve the desired level of correction. The formed matrix provides a scaffold for host fibroblast infiltration and integration with adjacent collagen tissue. The body slowly resorbs the implant.
About EternoGen Aesthetics. EternoGen Aesthetics is a commercial stage Medical Device Company that has developed a transformative pipeline of advanced collagen scaffolds to deliver Bio-Dermal Restoration. 
The parent Company EternoGen, LLC was founded in 2009 by an award winning academic research group from the University of Missouri, led by Professor Sheila Grant, a world authority in biomaterials. The management team of EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC is a group of proven industry veterans with strong connections needed for successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market.
This news does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States, and no securities may be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act of 1933 and applicable state law, or exemptions thereof.


EternoGen Aesthetics takes on Sharks at the American Society of Dermatologic Surgery
Posted: 21 October 2015
EternoGen excelled in the 2015 ASDS Shark Tank: Entrepreneurs Among us: Take a Risk or Get out of the Water! A panel of entrepreneurial commentators (Moderator: Joel Cohen, MD, Tina Alster, MD, Roy Geronemus, MD, Stepehn Mandy, MD) challenged presenters on the validity of their scientific information and the practical application in a clinical setting for possible future offerings.  
Dr. Neil Sadick presented on EternoGen Aesthetic’s Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (RPC Pure Collagen) , an injectable collagen for biodermal restoration in the aesthetic market. Dr. Sadick highlighted the product features such as smooth liquid injection, tissue integration, rapid polymerisation and natural feel. He presented the clinical data from the European Clinical Trial.  
The panel of sharks were attracted to the product and the opportunity. A survey around 60 physicians in the audience indicated that 73% think the technology will enhance procedure outcomes, 65% of physicians think this will improve care for patients, and 66% believe the treatment would be worth the potential added cost to the practice.  
In comparison to all technologies presented, RPC Pure Collagen received the best response from both the sharks and physicians.


Professor Sheila Grant, EternoGen's CTO featured in Columbia Business Times
Posted: 20 October 2015
Full article is available at:
http://columbiabusinesstimes.com/27530/2015/09/25/the-business-of-research/


IMCAS Paris 2015. Dr Christopher Inglefield will present the results of the Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (“RPC Pure-Collagen”) human pilot study.
Posted: 15 January 2015
Dr Christopher Inglefield will present the results of the Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (“RPC Pure-Collagen”) human pilot study during IMCAS Paris 2015.  Sunday 1st February; room 2; Session 80; Research and Development. He will also present RPC Pure-Collagen during session 81; New Products and Devices 
The purpose of the pilot clinical study was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of a novel, porcine collagen-based composition Rapid Polymerizing Collagen intended for soft issue augmentation or  used to treat mild to severe facial wrinkles and folds including nasolabial folds. The RPC Pure-Collagen is comprised of porcine collagen dialyzed against EDTA with Mannitol0.035mM (EDTA) to provide a neutral pH, in situ polymerizable composition that rapidly forms a fibrous scaffold following injection into dermal or subcutaneous tissue. RPC Pure Collagen is supplied as a viscous gel that can be injected through 30 Gauge needles and cannula. In preclinical animal studies, RPC Pure-Collagen was shown to be durable and biocompatible up to 6 months.
This study demonstrated that there were no implant site reactions recorded during the study period neither on the forearms nor on the upper back. Moreover the biopsies taken from the upper-back of the male subjects, where the RPC Pure-Collagen was injected, did not show any signs of inflammation nor foreign body inflammatory response. Based on these findings it is concluded that the included subjects did not show signs of hypersensitivity to the RPC Pure-Collagen injections. Both the physicians and subjects noted a market improvement that was maintained throughout the study period. No adverse events were reported during the study period. The RPC Pure-Collagen seems to be a safe and possibly effective option to treat mild to severe facial wrinkles and folds including nasolabial folds.


Dr Neil Sadick will lecture on Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (“RPC Pure-Collagen”) at IMCAS Paris 2015 on Saturday 31st room 4, session 65,  “New Generation Fillers”.
Posted: 15 January 2015
Dr Neil Sadick will lecture on Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (“RPC Pure-Collagen”) at IMCAS Paris 2015 on Saturday 31st room 4, session 65,  “New Generation Fillers”.
Dr Sadick’s presentation will highlight the need for a advanced collagen scaffolds, the technology and clinical support behind RPC-Pure Collagen and the future clinical utility of Bio-Dermal Restoration.


EternoGen Featured in University Alumni Magazine
Posted: 14 August 2014
For Complete Article Visit:
http://mizzoumag.missouri.edu/2014/08/skinnovation/
Five years ago, Sheila Grant helped found a company. It felt strange. As a professor in the department of biological engineering, a dual program between the College of Agriculture, Food and Natural Resources (CAFNR), and the College of Engineering, her job and aspirations had always been institutional: perform well in teaching and research, earn tenure, and publish in important journals. Jumping into a startup was a sweaty-palm moment. But she wasn’t on her own. She had promising lab research behind her, a host of Mizzou programs to support her and a team of collaborators to bring with her. Five years in, her company has raised $2 million from investors and is about to launch a product that could revolutionize the multibillion-dollar aesthetic medicine market.
Beauty Is Skin Deep
Tenstam Lundvall’s biggest claim to fame is bringing hyaluronic acid to America — the beauty medicine equivalent of introducing the iPod. The product is delivered by syringe into the face to give a quick boost of volume, which smoothes deep lines and wrinkles and makes skin look younger. The procedure takes a few minutes to perform, and the effects last an average of six to 12 months. Americans are enamored. They injected their faces with it 1.9 million times in 2013, making hyaluronic acid the second most popular aesthetic medicine procedure to Botox.
But it’s no substitute for collagen.
Hyaluronic acid is naturally produced in the body and is found in the extracellular matrix that skin cells sit on. But unlike collagen, which makes up 70 to 80 percent of skin by dry weight, it is not a structural component of the skin itself. The loss of collagen as we age contributes to the condition dermal fillers are trying to correct: skin that has lost elasticity, volume and developed wrinkles.
Hyaluronic acid inflates the skin with moisture, but the skin soon deflates, whereas collagen is a natural scaffold for the skin that actually helps rebuild it.
But collagen is difficult to work with. Simply injecting it into the skin is not enough. In its natural state, injected collagen would be quickly broken down by collagenase, a natural enzyme found in the body. So what companies have done — and this treatment is only available in Europe — is to “cross-link” it. Collagen is composed of three peptide chains wrapped around one another in a triple-helix pattern. Linking multiple chains together extends collagen’s life, but it also causes it to bunch up, making it more likely that the body will treat it as a foreign object. Typical treatments last three to six months.

 


Contact Information
Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you can’t find the information you require. For all media enquires please contact Charles Weatherstone.
EternoGen LLC operates from 3 locations:
Operation s
Luis Jimenez CCO
3610 Buttonwood Drive #200
Columbia 
MO 65201
Email: luis@eternogen.com
Research and Development
Dr Sheila Grant CTO
1601 S Providence Road, 
Columbia, 
MO 65211, 
USA
Email: sgrant@eternogen.com
Europe
Anna Tenstam  CEO
Danderydsgatan 8, 
114 26 Stockholm, 
Sweden
Email:  atl@eternogen.com 









Bio-Dermal Restoration Naturally Reinforce Skin








Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



About EternoGen Aesthetics 
Our mission is to bring advanced natural choices to Aesthetic Medicine – beyond toxins and fillers – for naturally reinforced skin providing long term health and radiance.
EternoGen Aesthetics is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has developed a transformative pipeline of first-in-class liquid Collagen tissue products to restore lost dermal tissue. 
EternoGen was founded in 2009 by an award winning academic research group from the University of Missouri, led by Professor Sheila Grant, a world authority in bio-materials. The management team is a group of proven industry veterans with strong industry connections needed for a successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market. Platformtechnology
Find out more aboutour team
Download ourinvestor information



The Advanced Natural Choice 
EternoGen will launch the world’s first Bio-Dermal Restoration treatment to directly restore lost dermal collagen in 2017.
Our platform Rapid Polymerizing Collagen (RPC) is easily injected in liquid form, on contact with tissue a natural collagen scaffold is formed immediately lifting wrinkled skin. RPC’s unique shielding technology inhibits degradation and in months dermal cells infill the scaffold forming natural tissue to support and reinforce the skin restoring youthful fullness, texture and elasticity. 









Eternogen Legal Information






Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



Legal Information
No liability or warranty
Although EternoGen, LLC works at great lengths to provide the latest, most accurate information, we make no representations or warranties, implied or expressed, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this website and has no liability for the use of this site or any site linked to it. EternoGen, LLC reserves the right to change the web-site at any time without notice but accepts no responsibility to update it. All persons who use this web-site and linked web-sites does so at their own risk. EternoGen, LLC. and all other parties involved with the website or links to the website accept no liability in any form for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this web-site or any web-site linked to from this site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.
We shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages, including loss of profits, arising from the use of the information or data on websites that are referred to in our website or that are hyper-linked to our website or due to information on our website.
Any medical information on this website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. EternoGen, LLC makes no representations or warranties in relation to the medical information on this website.
All information contained herein is for educational purposes only. No claims are intended. Statements have not been evaluated or approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or the FTC.
No offer and no solicitation
Investors must not rely on this information for any investment decisions. The information on this website does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for the purchase or disposal of, trading or any transaction in any EternoGen, LLC security.
All information provided on EternoGen’s relations website is for informational purposes only, not intended for investment advice. Neither EternoGen nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing this website, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Forward looking information.
This page may contain forward looking information, subject to a number of uncertainties. Actual results in: scientific, business, economic and financial factors may differ from presented forward looking information.
Expert Advice or Opinion.
This site may contain expert opinions. Information in this site identified as expert opinion, or accessed from this site by hyperlink, represents the opinions of these respective experts and are not necessarily those of EternoGen.
The materials on this web site do not in any way replace the relationship that you have with your physician and are for general educational information only. The information on this web site should not be considered medical advice. 
Links 
Links to third party pages are provided for convenience only. We do not express any opinion on the content of any third party pages and expressly disclaim any liability for all third party information and the use of it.
Copyright
The whole content of the website of Eternogen, LLC is subject to copyrights. All copyrights on the content of this website remain the property of EternoGen, LLC. Any reproduction, transfer, alteration or utilization of the website and of the logo of EternoGen, LLC for a public and/or commercial purpose without prior written consent of EternoGen, LLC is prohibited.
No statement is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, service marks or trade names whether registered or not, which may attach to certain words or signs used herein. The absence of such statement, however, in no way implies that there is no legal protection of these marks, trade names, words or signs.
Note that any product, process or technology described in these documents may be subject to other Intellectual Property Rights reserved by EternoGen, LLC or a third party.
No right to use any of the above mentioned Intellectual Property Rights of EternoGen, LLC, whether registered or not, is granted hereunder in any way whatsoever.
The information contained and referenced on this site are for informational purposes only. Any reproduction, retransmission or other use is strictly forbidden. Request for permission to reproduce any information contained on this Website should be addressed to EternoGen’s Web-master at info@eternogen.com . 
  
 








Eternogen Terms and Conditions







Bio-Dermal RestorationNaturally Reinforce Skin



Terms and Conditions
We at EternoGen understand that privacy protection is of the utmost importance. 
Data Collection 
We do not require you to provide us with any personal information, except when you request a product or service via our web-site. Information collected maybe used for administrative purposes, internal marketing or for other purposes which may contribute to the development or enhancement of our web-site. This data will not be sold, rented or dispersed to any other party unless the website user has agreed to its distribution. We may however use information at the request of any government body or legal entity, which may involve identifying an individual. When forwarding communications, a product or service, we will ensure compliance by our staff with the strictest standards of security and confidentiality.
Personal data collection and processing 
Information is only collected when it is provided to us by you, through e-mails, order forms, inquiries, registration and other situations where you are choosing to provide us with personal information.
Your personal information will be used only by EternoGen and third parties affiliates. Personal data will not be distributed by us or by those acting for us under any circumstance other than with your consent or due to legal requirements.
Purpose of Use 
When information is collected we use it to allow us to supply you with requested products or service and for any reason permitted by law. You may be asked in certain areas of the web-site to specify your preference as whether you wish to receive information and/or promotional material regarding EternoGen and/or third parties with whom we have a strategic business relationship. We respect such preference and you have the right to change such a preference in accordance with the “Right of Cancellation” section below.
Right of Cancellation 
At anytime you have the right to withdraw your consent for the use of your personal data in the future, including receipt of information and/or promotional material from our company and associated third parties. To exercise this right, please simply contact us at info@eternogen.com. 
Right of Access and Correction 
At anytime you have the right to amend or review any of your personal data that we have collected if you believe it to be inaccurate or out of date. To do so please contact us at info@eternogen.com. 
Contacts 
The constant development of the Internet requires occasional alteration to our privacy statement. We retain the right to make changes when required. If you have any queries regarding our website please do not hesitate to contact us at info@eternogen.com  
Exceptions
In certain circumstances, and as an exception to this privacy policy, we may, without notice to you, release information to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order, or in other special cases, such as, for example, suspected fraudulent or criminal activity, or an attempt to breach the security of EternoGen, LLC or its website.
Privacy Policy Updates
We have tried to create a privacy policy that is comprehensive, readable, and durable. Despite our best efforts, we may find it necessary to revise it. Any changes will be made without prior notice. The current EternoGen, LLC privacy policy will continue to be posted at this address. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy, please send them to the info@eternogen.com.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our affiliates, officers, directors, member, employees and agents harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of this website or our products or your breach of these Terms and Conditions.  We agree to provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and agree to assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding. 
Void Where Prohibited
This website and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S.  Although the information on this website is accessible to users outside of the U.S., the information on this website is intended for use only by residents of the U.S.  We make no claims that the information or materials provided through this website are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the U.S.  Other countries may have laws, regulatory requirements and medical practices that differ from those in the U.S.  If you access this website from outside of the U.S., you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.  We reserve the right to limit provision of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction and/or to limit the quantities or any products or services we provide.  Any offer for any product or service made on this website is void where prohibited.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
Our website is operated from our offices in the State of Missouri, U.S.A.  These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri without regard to any conflict of law provisions thereof.  Any action related to these Terms and Conditions shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in St. Louis, MO (or wherever EternoGen, LLC has decided) and all parties waive any objection to the exclusive personal and subject matter jurisdiction and venue in such courts. 
 





















Gust | Gust






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.


















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC

EternoGen is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has a transformative pipeline of liquid Collagen tissue products  for the Aesthetic Medicine market.






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Biotechnology



Location

St. Louis, MO, USA



Currency

USD



Founded

May 2009



Employees

10



Incorporation Type

LLC



Website

eternogen.com

















Only investors on Gust who have been granted access can view this content.




Interested in this startup?
Sign In or Sign Up to request more information.


























Loading



 














EternoGen Joins Lowell's M2D2 Incubator | UMass Lowell




Skip to Main Content

















EternoGen Joins Lowell's M2D2 Incubator























Tweet
Share
Email


                            01/05/2017
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            Lowell Sun
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                        

LOWELL -- The M2D2 incubator is adding a new name in the new year.

EternoGen Aesthetics LLC, which has products designed to restore lost dermal tissue, announced on Wednesday that it will be opening offices within the Massachusetts Medical Device Development Center (M2D2), located in the Wannalancit Mills on Lowell's Suffolk Street.

The new office will allow the company to be close to their manufacturing site in Massachusetts, and to "capitalize on the skill base that comes with the dense clustering of similar firms in the region," according to a press release announcing the new offices.

"We are pleased to welcome EternoGen to the M2D2 incubator," Stephen McCarthy, founder and director of M2D2, said in a statement. "Through the resources of UMass Lowell, the UMass Medical School and in the Massachusetts entrepreneurial ecosystem as a whole, we look forward to working with Eternogen and helping to advance their technology toward commercialization."

This year, EternoGen Aesthetics plans on launching its bio-dermal restoration product Cellifique; it's designed to produce natural-lasting aesthetic results through directly restoring dermal tissue lost with age as opposed to filling wrinkles with foreign substances.

The company worked with the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center (MLSC) on considering location options in Massachusetts to be close to their contract manufacturer, Berkshire Sterile Manufacturing (BSM) in Lee.

EternoGen plans to utilize the MLSC's Internship Challenge program to recruit local talent in line with their expansion plans.

"We are delighted to announce this critical milestone for EA as we gear up for the European launch of Cellifique in 2017," Anna Tenstam, EA's CEO, said in a statement. "Having an office close to our manufacturing site will significantly improve our operational efficiencies as we scale-up production.

"Equally, Massachusetts has one of the largest concentrations of biotech and med tech activity in the world and being a part of this will give us access to some of the leading scientific and industry talent as we expand," Tenstam added.
























Quick Links











Request Information











Apply











Check Application Status











Visit




















EternoGen joins Lowell's M2D2 incubator - Lowell Sun Online















 























Hot Topics:


Lowell Folk Festival
My Classic Car
New Lowell High School
'Be a Volunteer' series
Opiate Abuse
Marijuana News





EternoGen joins Lowell's M2D2 incubatorThe Lowell SunUpdated:
						 
						01/05/2017 10:10:30 AM ESTSun Staff Report   
LOWELL -- The M2D2 incubator is adding a new name in the new year.   
EternoGen Aesthetics LLC, which has products designed to restore lost dermal tissue, announced on Wednesday that it will be opening offices within the Massachusetts Medical Device Development Center (M2D2), located in the Wannalancit Mills on Lowell's Suffolk Street.    
The new office will allow the company to be close to their manufacturing site in Massachusetts, and to "capitalize on the skill base that comes with the dense clustering of similar firms in the region," according to a press release announcing the new offices.   
"We are pleased to welcome EternoGen to the M2D2 incubator," Stephen McCarthy, founder and director of M2D2, said in a statement. "Through the resources of UMass Lowell, the UMass Medical School and in the Massachusetts entrepreneurial ecosystem as a whole, we look forward to working with Eternogen and helping to advance their technology toward commercialization."   
This year, EternoGen Aesthetics plans on launching its bio-dermal restoration product Cellifique; it's designed to produce natural-lasting aesthetic results through directly restoring dermal tissue lost with age as opposed to filling wrinkles with foreign substances.   
The company worked with the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center (MLSC) on considering location options in Massachusetts to be close to their contract manufacturer, Berkshire Sterile Manufacturing (BSM) in Lee.Advertisement
EternoGen plans to utilize the MLSC's Internship Challenge program to recruit local talent in line with their expansion plans.   
"We are delighted to announce this critical milestone for EA as we gear up for the European launch of Cellifique in 2017," Anna Tenstam, EA's CEO, said in a statement. "Having an office close to our manufacturing site will significantly improve our operational efficiencies as we scale-up production.    
"Equally, Massachusetts has one of the largest concentrations of biotech and med tech activity in the world and being a part of this will give us access to some of the leading scientific and industry talent as we expand," Tenstam added.Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeReturn to Top  
	 



Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.)
Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sun. So keep it civil.




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.














 
Google+



The Bottom Line


Celebrities
Culture
Oddities
Comedy
Good News
Comics
Games
Advice
Polls
 














Blogs






‹›










Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright




























EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC | St. Louis, MO, USA Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC

EternoGen is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has a transformative pipeline of liquid Collagen tissue products  for the Aesthetic Medicine market.






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Biotechnology



Location

St. Louis, MO, USA



Currency

USD



Founded

May 2009



Employees

10



Incorporation Type

LLC



Website

eternogen.com

















Company Summary





EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has developed a transformative pipeline of first-in-class liquid Collagen tissue products to restore lost dermal collagen, naturally reinforcing skin to provide long-term health & radiance. EternoGen is led by a group of proven industry veterans with strong industry connections needed for a successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market.










Team













Anna Lundvall, MBA

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman




Anna has a proven record of success with over 20 years of senior management experience in the medical aesthetic industry. She is recognized as a visionary with her latest success being Evolence, the product that most closely resembles EternoGen's proposition. She played a key role in commercializing Evolence and securing an exit. Mrs. Lundvall has a tremendous rapport with industry-leading physicians and market leading firms.












Luis Jimenez, MBA

President and Chief Operations Officer




Luis's experience includes operations, quality control in cGMP manufacturing, regulatory affairs for manufacturing, design engineering, technology transfer and project management. Mr. Jimenez’s background includes Chemical Engineering, Cum Laude and a Masters of Business Administration with Academic Excellence.












Dale Devore, PhD

Chief Scientific Officer




Dr. DeVore is a leading commercialization scientific expert in collagen dermal filler products. His experience in dermal fillers includes: founding Autologen, VP of RD for Radiesse (in FDA panel meetings),  and Sculptra. Dale brings over 35 years in clinical development and R&D. He has authored over 15 patents in dermal filler innovations. He excels in expertise and experience of formulations, troubleshooting issues and solving complex issues.












Sheila Grant, PhD

Chief Technology Officer




Dr. Grant is a founder and expert technological platform manager. She is an expert in synthetic and organic tissue engineering at the University of Missouri.  Her specific research interests involve developing nanostructured biocomposites. Her work addresses in-vivo analysis of tissue integration into novel biocomposites for soft tissue replacement as well as materials characterization of explanted biomaterials.












Dave Grant, MSE

Dir of Analytical Development




Mr. Grant is a founder of EternoGen  and expert material characterization manager. He has over 12 years of biomaterials research involvement including developing bio-nanocomposite materials utilizing metallic nanoparticles conjugated to acellular tissue or type I collagen. His work is inclusive of several patent applications, he specializes on physio and biological characterization of biomaterials.












Rebecca Rone, MSE

Dir of Clinical and Reg Dev




She received her Masters of Science Degree in Bioengineering from the University of California-San Diego with a research focus in cartilage tissue engineering. While in graduate school, Ms. Rone gained experience at BREG as a design engineer for orthopaedic, reconstructive, and postoperative medical devices. She is a co-inventor of the EternoGen’s technology. She was also Associate Director and later Director of the Coulter Translational Partners












Robert Brooks

Dir of Quality




He has more than 25 years of combined research and development experience ranging from academic research to drug development. . He has worked for CMOs and CROs that specialise in both clinical and chemical research, and much of his experience has been in cGMP and GLP environments. In addition he has over 10 years of experience in laboratory supervision and management, including QC management experience, and method development management.












Charles Weatherstone

Cheif Commercialization Officer




He is a specialist in medical aesthetic marketing, having been responsible for the development, launch and management of a number of market leading brands including JUVEDERM ULTRA, BOTOX, and RESTYLANE. Charles has almost 20 years experience in blue chip and start-up health care marketing covering both medical device and pharmaceutical sectors.















Advisors













Joe Soraghan principal at Danna McKitrick, PC (St. Louis)

Lawyer
Unconfirmed










John Weaver at Williams Keppers, LLC (Columbia, MO)

Accountant
Unconfirmed
















Previous Investors













Centennial Investors


Unconfirmed










Missouri Technology Corporation


Unconfirmed










Enterprise Investment Prorgam


Unconfirmed
































Loading



 EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC: A clinical stage Medical Device company that has a transformative pipeline of liquid Collagen tissue products for the Aesthetic Medicine market – iCrowdNewswire                   Press Release Distribution Newswire Tips for Effective CommunicationsSIGN INProducts & PricingAboutTeamNewsBlogContact Distribute a Press Release from $29.99 Post Marketing Content - $19.99 Distribution Network Submit a Press Release     Search News Room:  HomeWire   xRSS Newsfeeds See all RSS Newsfeeds Global Regions United States ( XML Feed )Feb 6, 2017 2:33 PM ET  Archived: EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC: A clinical stage Medical Device company that has a transformative pipeline of liquid Collagen tissue products for the Aesthetic Medicine market  iCrowdNewswire - Feb 6, 2017 EternoGen Aesthetics, LLCEternoGen is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has a transformative pipeline of liquid Collagen tissue products for the Aesthetic Medicine market.Company Summary EternoGen Aesthetics, LLC is a clinical stage Medical Device company that has developed a transformative pipeline of first-in-class liquid Collagen tissue products to restore lost dermal collagen, naturally reinforcing skin to provide long-term health & radiance. EternoGen is led by a group of proven industry veterans with strong industry connections needed for a successful commercialization into the aesthetic medicine market. TeamLuis Jimenez, MBAPresident and Chief Operations OfficerUnconfirmedLuis’s experience includes operations, quality control in cGMP manufacturing, regulatory affairs for manufacturing, design engineering, technology transfer and project management. Mr. Jimenez’s background includes Chemical Engineering, Cum Laude and a Masters of Business Administration with Academic Excellence.  Anna Lundvall, MBAChief Executive Officer and ChairmanUnconfirmedAnna has a proven record of success with over 20 years of senior management experience in the medical aesthetic industry. She is recognized as a visionary with her latest success being Evolence, the product that most closely resembles EternoGen’s proposition. She played a key role in commercializing Evolence and securing an exit. Mrs. Lundvall has a tremendous rapport with industry-leading physicians and market leading firms.       Contact Information:Luis Jimenez Via  Click here for more information Tags: gust, Wire, Crowdfunding, Equity Crowdfunding, United States, English View Related News >     Sales Partner NetworkDisclosure Newswire TMSecurex FilingsP3 Data SystemsQuickSilver Stock TransferEDGAR FILING LLCCrowdfundingSeedUps CanadaFundPaasCadia Startup ExchangeSpringboard EquityAutoPilot PRCivil Society Newswire TMInter Press Service (IPS)IMPACT Leadership 21PVBLIC FoundationGate Global ImpactPress Release NewswireAndeanWireHispanicize WireM2 Press WIREDino (Brazil)NetNotasComunicae (Spain & Mexico)MediaBNamericas WIREThe Soho LoftPRmax (UK)HPC Legal WIREiCrowdPRConferences & EventsPubconIndustry ExchangeCrowdsourcing WeekLendIt Become an iCrowdNewswire Partner                           