


ETF Services - Services - ETF Multiple Series Trust























































USBancorp

+ 1 800 300 3863






















ETF Services








Home


ETF Services


Products

Multiple Series Trust


























ETF Multiple Series Trust
Leverage our complete solution to expedite the launch of your ETF while reducing your operational burdens and need for internal regulatory oversight.
With our ETF MST, we’ve eliminated the traditional obstacles standing between your business and the ETF market.  We offer unmatched capabilities to meet all of your customized needs efficiently, accurately, and with the speed that the evolving ETF market demands. By using this turn-key solution and leveraging our team of experts, you can focus on managing continued growth and avoid the operational and regulatory complexities of starting a traditional exchange traded fund.
In addition to the required approvals, clients gain from our more than 40 years of industry leadership and ongoing investments into expert resources and technology. By packaging these benefits with our full service offering, including Fund Accounting, Fund Administration, Transfer Agent, Custody, and Distribution services, our partners are positioned to maintain maximum control while working to accelerate traditional ETF launch schedules and eliminate complex back-office operations.








Comprehensive ETF Services

Accelerated market entry schedule
Launch process expertise
Specialized ongoing support from leading experts
Leading global custody services
ETF product positioning and ETF market intelligence
Strategy design and index development
Sales and marketing training and support
Existing AP, Lead Market Maker, and Secondary Liquidity Provider relationships
ETF technology/workflow expertise
Regulatory, compliance, and tax consulting /servicing
Distribution Support Services






























X


General Contact Form




This contact page is for investment management firms inquiring about alternative investment solutions, mutual funds solutions, or ETF services. For more information on U.S. Bancorp Fund Services comprehensive servicing solutions, please complete the following form.

Marketing Department
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, 4th Floor
    Milwaukee, WI 53202
1.800.300.3663







First name

Last name


Company name

Email

Phone

Location

Preferred contact method

Preferred contact method
Email
Telephone
Mail


Year established


Assets under management

I'm interested in...*

I'm interested in...*
Alternative Investment
ETF Services
Mutual Funds
Other



Investment Strategy
Distribution Strategy
How did you hear about us?

How did you hear about us?
Online
Media
Print Ad
Client Reference
Conference/Seminar
Other








Send




Thank You!
Your form has been successfully submitted.


New Inquiry? (back to form)
Close



 




Find Your Business Development Manager

United States
Global







Alternative Investment Solutions

Jerry Barbara, 
Senior Vice President
Wilmington, DE 
800.236.2297 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Tim Jones, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)20.7330.2220 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Owain McNeill, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)207.330.2224 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Jason Ganz, 
Senior Vice President
Atlanta, GA 
844.686.0647 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Gary Rossman, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.710.9096 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Scott Syracuse, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.699.9137 | email me



Mutual Fund Solutions

Joe Bree, 
Executive Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.243.3809 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

Mark Ellegard, 
Senior Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.561.1087 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

George Sapp, 
Senior Vice President
Glendora, CA 
866.201.4402 | email me



ETF Services

Michael Castino, 
Senior Vice President
Naperville, IL 
888.455.5553 | email me


Contact us for more information about any of our comprehensive service solutions.



Select a state to find a business development manager.


Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri


Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania


Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming


Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands




Select a region to find a business development manager.


Australia


Asia


Europe


Africa



 

















ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. The fund is co-managed by LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the biotechnology sector which includes companies which have a primary product offering that is in the Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 of clinical trial stage of development. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations, with market capitalization of $250 million or more. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the LifeSci Biotechnology Clinical ...
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. The fund is co-managed by LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the biotechnology sector which includes companies which have a primary product offering that is in the Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 of clinical trial stage of development. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations, with market capitalization of $250 million or more. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the LifeSci Biotechnology Clinical Trials Index, by investing in the stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund was formed on December 16, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1540 Broadway16th FloorNew York, NY 10036United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 212-593-4383

Fax: 212-593-4384

bioshares.com/bbc







Key Executives for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund




Mr. Paul Inho Yook


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Dr. Andrew I. McDonald Ph.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund, please visit bioshares.com/bbc.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:21 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. The fund is co-managed by LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the biotechnology sector which includes companies with at least one drug therapy approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for marketing. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations with market capitalization of $250 million or more. It seeks to replicate the performance of the LifeSci Biotechnology Products Index, by investing in the stoc...
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. The fund is co-managed by LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the biotechnology sector which includes companies with at least one drug therapy approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for marketing. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations with market capitalization of $250 million or more. It seeks to replicate the performance of the LifeSci Biotechnology Products Index, by investing in the stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund was formed on December 16, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1540 Broadway16th FloorNew York, NY 10036United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 212-593-4383

Fax: 212-593-4384

bioshares.com/bbp







Key Executives for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund




Mr. Paul Inho Yook


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Dr. Andrew I. McDonald Ph.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund, please visit bioshares.com/bbp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund (Nasdaq:BBP) - Fundamentals Analysis


































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund
Nasdaq:BBP












Snowflake Description
No noteworthy features. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









BBP
Nasdaq
$0M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Asset Management and Custody Banks
Company description
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. More info.

 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING: This is a fund or ETF! Currently our data availability for these is poor, we only recommend using them as part of a portfolio.
WARNING!ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History
















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors

Sorry, no analysis for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's competitors could be found in our database.

















Value
 Is ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 

 It is not possible to calculate the future cash flow value for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund. This is due to cash flow or dividend data being unavailable. The share price is $40.21.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


Information is not available.

Information is not available.




Price based on expected Growth
Does ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's assets?


Information is not available.







X
Value checks
We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Financial Institutions industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (0%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$0 = ($0 / (10.55% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $0
Current discount (share price of $40.21): %

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.55% = 2.33% + (1.072 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.072
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.072

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 0 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!

 Insufficient estimate data, unable to calculate 1 year growth expectation.





Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's growth in the last year to its industry (Financial Institutions).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has been loss making too recently or no data is available.

ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.

ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has been trading publicly for less than 3 years.




Profit History
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund had negative or no return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Financial Institutions industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's financial position? (This company is analysed differently as a bank or financial institution)

This company is a bank or financial institution.
Fundamentally a bank's business is based upon borrowing and lending money, for this reason they typically have high levels of debt and we analyse them differently.




Net Worth 








Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.








Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


 ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has no debt.
BANK ANALYSIS 
This company is a bank or financial institution, which is analysed accordingly below.
Below we check the amount of loans the bank has, how many of those are bad, and its ability to cover any bad loans.

Information is not available.
Information is not available.
Holds no customer deposits, loans are made up entirely of borrowed funds.

High level of bad loan coverage.
Acceptable level of bad loan write offs (less than 2%).





X
Financial health checks (Bank)
We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's financial health as a bank by checking for:

Leverage (Assets to Equity > 20x)? (1 check)
Coverage of bad loans (Bad Loan Coverage > 100%)? (1 check)
Proportion of lower risk deposits compared to total funding (Deposits to Liabilities < 50%)? (1 check)
Proportion of higher risk assets compared to total assets (Loans to Assets > 110%)? (1 check)
Total loans compared to deposit funding (Loans to Deposits > 125%)? (1 check)
Level of bad loans (Net Charge Off Ratio > 3%)? (1 check)
	ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.

	

Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
     We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's dividend by checking for:
    
Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
	ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Paul Yook





CEO Bio

Mr. Paul Inho Yook is a Co-Founder and Portfolio Manager at LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. Mr. Yook joined LifeSci Index Partners, LLC in June 2014. He is the Co-Founder and Portfolio Manager of Etfis Series Trust I - Bioshares Biotechnology Products Fund and Etfis Series Trust I - Bioshares Biotechnology Clinical Trials Fund. He serves as the Chief Compliance Officer at Sedna Capital Management LLC. Previously, Mr. Yook worked as a Healthcare Hedge Fund Portfolio Manager and Equity Research Analyst at Galleon Management. He began his Wall Street career in healthcare investment banking at UBS Securities and at Goldman, Sachs & Co. Mr. Yook was involved in numerous IPOs, secondary offerings, and M&A transactions for healthcare companies ranging from small, emerging biotechnology companies to large, multinational pharmaceutical companies at the latter. He serves as a Treasurer of Smack Mellon. Mr. Yook earned a B.S.E. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School and a B.A. in Biochemistry from the University of Pennsylvania - School of Arts and Sciences.


CEO Compensation 
ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a new CEO, we can't show their compensation history.
CEO's compensation information is not available.



Management Team


Paul Yook
TITLEPortfolio Manager


Andrew McDonald
TITLEPortfolio Manager




Board of Directors





Recent Insider Trading 



Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
     We assess ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund's management by checking for:
    
Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than  0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
	ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.
	
Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
	Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
	 Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








		ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC. The fund is co-managed by LifeSci Index Partners, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the biotechnology sector which includes companies with at least one drug therapy approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for marketing. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations with market capitalization of $250 million or more. It seeks to replicate the performance of the LifeSci Biotechnology Products Index, by investing in the stocks of companies as per their weightings in the index. ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund was formed on December 16, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
		

Details

Name:ETFis Series Trust I - BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund
Ticker:BBP
Exchange:NasdaqGM
Founded:2014
Market Cap:$0 million
Website:http://bioshares.com/bbp

Listings




Map




		1540 Broadway, New York, 10036, United States

		





Street





Industry



Industry:Asset Management and Custody Banks
Sector:Diversified Financials










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy







Related Industries


Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)


Diversified Financial Services


Consumer Finance


Capital Markets







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.  Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P.  S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information.  S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 












ETFIS Series Trust I BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund (BBP) Real-Time Stock Quote - NASDAQ.com






































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search

























Home >
Quotes >
BBP >
Real Time Quotes















ETFIS Series Trust I BioShares Biotechnology Products Fund Real Time Stock Quotes 


BBP 
$40.34
*  
0.13

0.32%
Get BBP Alerts



				        *Real-Time - data as of 7/28/2017 11:20:59 AM - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading BBP now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    BBP Real Time



















BBP





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    ETF Details
               
        
Summary Quote
ETF Detail
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
        
                ETF NEWS
ETF Headlines
Market Stream
FUNDAMENTALS
Short Interest
Dividend History






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now












 Save Stocks
                    




















                                BBP's NASDAQ Last Sale (NLS)
                                


                                        "Last Sale" is the price at which a stock last traded during regular market hours.
                                    






                                NLS Volume
                                


                                        "Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during regular trading hours.
                                    




Previous Close
Today's High / Low
52 Week High / Low





40.34
                              
                            0.13
                             ▲
                             0.32%

602
$40.21
 40.54 / 40.33
$41.69 / $27.75





Data as of 7/28/2017 11:20:59 AM - 















Last Five Real-Time Trades







NLS Time (ET)
NLS Price
NLS Share Volume




10:05:27
$40.34 
100


09:53:11
$40.3847 
100


09:47:06
$40.54 
100


09:30:01
$40.33 
2


09:30:01
$40.33 
300





			        See All Trades




                The last real-time five trades feature is not available during the
                Pre-Market, 
                nor the After Hours. Visit the respective link for the trading information in that session. 
            



Stock Rating / Target Est.



Community Rating
1 Year Target










Not yet rated 

Be the first to rate this stock!

N/A



NASDAQ Official Price



Open Price / Date
Close Price / Date




$40.33/Jul. 28, 2017
$40.21/Jul. 27, 2017





                Learn more about Real Time Quotes



















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Why Chevron's Earnings Weren't as Bad as They Looked
            






Featured Story from





























News for BBP









                        Takeover Deals Weaken At Opposite Ends Of The Market
                    

7/20/2017 1:08:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Not Over Til It's Over - U.S. Lawmakers Plan New Health Program Restraints
                    

7/19/2017 2:22:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Delving For The Drivers Of Pharma's Disappearing Deals
                    

7/18/2017 3:28:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        2017 On Course For Uptick In Device Approvals
                    

7/17/2017 3:53:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Medtech Venture Funding Total Hits All-Time High
                    

7/12/2017 2:43:00 PM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More BBP News & Commentary



                Read BBP Press Releases






















































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Pair correlation between BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust - Macroaxis






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% Cathay FinancialBanco deIta CorpBancaDiscoStephen CallaghanJason WalshDuncan McIntyre






World
US



















Pair Correlation Between BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust




















			Equity Search



			 Company Directory




			 Suggest Portfolio



		   Backtest Watchlist



		  Analyze Correlations



			View Transactions



		   Check Volatility




			 Import Equities









Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 




	This module allows you to analyze existing cross correlation between BioShares Biotechnology Products and  First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF. You can compare the effects of market volatilities on BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust and check how they will diversify away market risk if combined in the same portfolio for a given time horizon. You can also utilize pair trading strategies of matching a long position in BioShares Biotechnology with a short position of First Trust. See also your portfolio center. Please also check ongoing floating volatility patterns of BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust.







          Investment Horizon  
          
      

	      
	      	  30 Days   
Login
  to change
	      	






SymbolsvsRun Correlation


		
	

 BioShares Biotechnology Produc  vs   First Trust Value Line 100 ETF Performance (%)       Timeline Pair VolatilityConsidering 30-days investment horizon, BioShares Biotechnology is expected to generate 3.52 times less return on investment than First Trust. In addition to that, BioShares Biotechnology is 2.1 times more volatile than First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF. It trades about 0.01 of its total potential returns per unit of risk. First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF is currently generating about 0.05 per unit of volatility. If you would invest  2,138  in First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF on June 28, 2017 and sell it today you would earn a total of  13.00  from holding First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF or generate 0.61% return on investment  over 30 days. Correlation CoefficientPair Corralation between BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust0.61ParametersTime Period1 Month [change]DirectionPositive StrengthSignificantAccuracy100.0%ValuesDaily ReturnsDiversificationPoor diversificationOverlapping area represents the amount of risk that can be diversified away by holding BioShares Biotechnology Produc and First Trust Value Line 100 ETF in the same portfolio assuming nothing else is changed. The correlation between historical prices or returns on First Trust Value and BioShares Biotechnology is a relative statistical measure of the degree to which these equity instruments tend to move together. The correlation coefficient measures the extent to which returns on BioShares Biotechnology Products are associated (or correlated) with First Trust. Values of the correlation coefficient range from -1 to +1, where. The  correlation of zero (0) is possible when the price movement of First Trust Value has no effect on the direction of BioShares Biotechnology i.e. BioShares Biotechnology and First Trust go up and down completely randomly. Compare Dividends    Optimize

Comparative Volatility

 Predicted Return Density       Returns BioShares BiotechnologyPremiums Correlation Profile0  Risk-Adjusted PerformanceOver the last 30 days BioShares Biotechnology Products has generated negative risk-adjusted returns  adding no value to investors with long positions. Check PerformanceBacktestPredict PriceBioShares Biotechnology ProductsPair trading matchups for BioShares BiotechnologyHealth Care Select Sector SPDR ETF vs. BioShares Biotechnology ProductsiShares Nasdaq Biotechnology vs. BioShares Biotechnology ProductsVanguard Health Care ETF vs. BioShares Biotechnology ProductsSPDR SP Biotech ETF vs. BioShares Biotechnology ProductsFirst Trust ValuePremiums Correlation Profile3  Risk-Adjusted PerformanceCompared to the overall equity markets, risk-adjusted returns on investments in First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF are ranked  lower than 3 (%) of all global equities and portfolios over the last 30 days. Check PerformanceBacktestPredict PriceFirst Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETFPair trading matchups for First TrustVanguard Mid Cap ETF vs. First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETFVanguard Extended Market ETF vs. First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETFiShares Core SP Mid Cap vs. First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETFSPDR SP MidCap 400 ETF vs. First Trust Value Line 100 ETF ETF

  
       
       
 





Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets







































