 












Contact Us | Customer Service Center | E*TRADE










































Contact Us
We’re here to help—by phone, email, chat, and at our branches across the U.S. And be sure to look through our FAQs. We may already have an answer for you.
 
See our FAQs























Talk to us











E*TRADE Securities or E*TRADE Bank
1-800-387-2331
(1-800-ETRADE-1)











Retirement Specialists
1-877-921-2434











Stock plans
1-800-838-0908
12 a.m.—11:59 p.m. ET
Monday—Friday
Are you calling from outside the U.S.?
 











Credit cards
1-866-503-2856













 
 
 



























Send us mail
Please address to “E*TRADE Securities” for brokerage accounts “E*TRADE Bank” for bank accounts
 

Regular mail:
E*TRADE Securities LLC
PO Box 484
Jersey City, NJ
07303-0484

Overnight mail:
E*TRADE Securities LLC
Harborside 2
200 Hudson Street, Suite 501
Jersey City, NJ
07311-1113













Email Us



Already a customer?
If you have questions about an existing account,
please log on and send us a secure message.

Don't have an account with us?
Send us an email, and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.

Need help logging in?
Retrieve your user ID or reset your password.




















 












E*TRADE Online Trading | Trading Tools & Knowledge | E*TRADE











































Your seat at the markets
Trade the way you want—with easy-to-use tools, guidance, and precision access to the markets. Here’s how E*TRADE puts you in control.














Get up to $600, plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades when you open an account with $10k or more.1 How it works.
 
Open an account





















Trade the way you want, from nearly anywhere













Etrade.com
Buy, sell, track the market, research, and follow your investments from your browser.







E*TRADE Pro2
Built for active traders, our pro-grade platform offers more detailed data, advanced trading tools, idea generation, and more.









E*TRADE Mobile
Buy and sell, research investments, follow the market and get portfolio alerts on your phone or tablet.







Learn more


















Go from great ideas to great investments
Our tools, info, and insights help you be more efficient, every step of the trade.











Step 1
Find a great idea
Search for a new strategy, or find an investment to fit an existing strategy












Step 2
Test it out
Use our data and analysis tools to fine-tune your idea and see how it might work in the real world












Step 3
Execute
Our trading tools let you place your order any time, from nearly anywhere3












Step 4
Keep it on your radar
Track all of your investments with user-friendly charts, mobile alerts, and more







Learn more about trading

















Get real help from real humans









Call anytime: 1-800-387-2331








Or live chat 
with a representative4



















Our prices: Clear and competitive
With E*TRADE, you pay a $6.95 commission for stock and option trades. Here’s a quick overview of our clear, competitive per-trade pricing.













Stocks



$6.95
$4.95 with 30+ trades per quarter5











ETFs



$6.95
$4.95 with 30+ trades per quarter;5 pay $0 commission on more than 100 ETFs6











Mutual funds


Prices vary
no load, no-transaction fee for more than 4,400 funds7











Bonds


$1.00
for online secondary market trades ($10 minimum, $250 maximum)8











Options



50¢ - 75¢
per contract; plus $4.95 - $6.95 commission5











Futures



$1.50
per contract, per side—plus fees9






















Choose the right account for your trading style











Brokerage Account
Invest in what you want, whenever you want
 
Take on the market with our full suite of investment products, along with E*TRADE's innovative tools, people, and experience.














E*TRADE Pro10
Take control with our most powerful tools
  
Designed for active traders, this account offers access to our professional-grade market data, idea-generating tools and more.














Futures Trading Account
Built and priced specifically for futures traders
 
Get access to every major futures exchange, with tools, professional assistance, and pricing that’s tailored to futures trading.



























Opening an account is easy
Signing up takes about 5 to 10 minutes. And we have four simple ways to fund your account.












Trade safely
We use the most advanced technology and dedicated fraud protection teams to safeguard your money and your privacy.
























Get up (and stay up) to speed
From basic concepts to the latest analysis, we have the info you need to for all your trading.11
LEARN MORE









video
New to Online Investing
Basic
See how E*TRADE can help you take control of your investments online. Get a three-minute tour of...
Watch video






article
Understanding Investment Terms and Concepts
Basic
Below are summaries of some basic principles you should understand when evaluating an investment...
Read more






article
Mutual Funds: Understanding Their Appeal
Basic
If you had just $1,000 to invest, it would be difficult for you to assemble a varied basket of...
Read more






video
Investing for Income
Intermediate
Cara Esser of Morningstar explains some alternative investment ideas to create income for...
Watch video





















 












Managed Account Solutions | E*TRADE Capital Management











































E*TRADE Capital Management
Managed Account Solutions









If you’re looking for professional management, we can build a portfolio customized to your needs, monitor, and adjust it to keep you moving toward your goals.


























Adaptive Portfolio
An automated advisory solution that combines professional management and the speed and responsiveness of technology.1 It is monitored and rebalanced to help keep you on track.2





Learn more

















Managed Investment Portfolio
Work with Financial Consultants to select a diversified portfolio of ETFs and/or mutual funds that's based on your needs. Get the benefits of professional money management with a low advisory fee.
 





Learn more

















Unified Managed Account

A custom portfolio built for you that may include stocks, mutual funds, and/or ETFs. A dedicated Financial Consultant will build a portfolio around your unique financial needs and provide ongoing support throughout your relationship.






Learn more

















Fixed Income Separately Managed Account

A custom portfolio of fixed income securities tailored to your needs. A dedicated Financial Consultant will work with you to establish your financial goals, risk tolerance, and time horizon. Then a professional Portfolio Manager builds and manages your portfolio. 





Learn more






















Compare all managed solutions

Adaptive Portfolio (AP)
A portfolio that rebalances itself automatically

Managed Investment Portfolio (MIP)
Dedicated Financial Consultant support

Unified Managed Account (UMA)

Get a custom portfolio of individual securities

Fixed Income Separately Managed Account (FISMA)

Professional Portfolio Managers


Initial portfolio minimum
$5,000

$25,000
$150,000

$250,000

Annual advisory fee3
Any underlying fund 
 expenses will apply

 
Flat 0.30%
No trading commissions 

 
0.90% or less
No trading commissions

 
1.25% or less
No trading commissions

0.75% or less for actively managed fixed income portfolios
0.45% or less for laddered bond portfolios
No trading commissions


Client support

Access to a team of Investment Adviser Representatives1

Dedicated Investment Adviser Representative or designated Managed Account Support Team


Dedicated Investment Adviser Representative, plus access to third-party professional money managers

Dedicated Investment Adviser Representative, plus access to third-party professional Portfolio Managers

Portfolio investments
Exchange-traded funds
(ETFs)
Choice of
• All ETFs
• All mutual funds
• Hybrid of ETFs and mutual funds 

Customized mix of
• Stocks
• ETFs
• Mutual funds

Customized:
• Corporate bonds
• Municipal bonds
• U.S. Gov't bonds
Tax-related features
Tax-sensitive portfolio options available


Tax-sensitive portfolio options available
Tax-aware portfolio management
Personalized tax-loss harvesting available


Tax-sensitive municipal
bond portfolios
available
 
Learn more
Learn more
Learn more
Learn more






































 












Buy Stocks | Trading Stocks Online | E*TRADE











































Stocks







Own a piece of a company's future

Growth that may keep you ahead of inflation
Potentially generate income with dividends
Flexibility for long- and short-term investing strategies





Open an account






Free
stock analysis and screeners








$6.95
cost per trade2















Why trade stocks?
Stocks let you own a piece of a company’s future. They’re available for a wide variety of industries—so you can tap into your knowledge of specific businesses, or buy a range of stocks to diversify your portfolio.
 











Growth potential
Successful stocks can help your money grow—at times, they can even outrun inflation











Income
Some stocks pay regular dividends—that’s income you can keep or reinvest
 











Flexibility
Since stocks trade by the millions every day, you can move quickly when you’re buying or selling
 











Control
You decide which company to invest in, when it’s time to buy, and when it’s time to sell
 



















$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works





Open an account





$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works





Open an account






















Fast facts

Stop and conditional Orders can help protect your portfolio
The price-to-earning (P/E) ratio can help you identify value stocks 
Compare earnings-per-share (EPS) between similar companies 
Market capitalization (market cap) is the dollar value of a company























Why trade stocks with E*TRADE?
Our tools, info, and professional guidance mean you’ll never have to face the markets on your own.

Get real-time streaming market data and easy-to-read charts
Use our stock screeners to find companies that fit into your portfolio
Trade quickly and easily with our stock ticker page

 



















Top five dividend yielding stocks




































            	Disclaimer
            







Data delayed by 15 minutes
Top five lists are not a recommendation by E*TRADE Securities or its affiliates to buy, sell or hold any security, financial product or instrument, nor is it an endorsement of any specific security, company, fund family, product, or service.
Selection criteria: stocks from the Dow Jones Industrial Average that were recently paying the highest dividends as a percentage of their share price.
Dividend yield is a ratio that shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. It is a way to measure how much income you are getting for each dollar invested in a stock position.
Dividend yields provide an idea of the cash dividend expected from an investment in a stock. Dividend Yields can change daily as they are based on the prior day's closing stock price. There are risks involved with dividend yield investing strategies, such as the company not paying a dividend or the dividend being far less that what is anticipated. Furthermore, dividend yield should not be relied upon solely when making a decision to invest in a stock. An investment in high yield stock and bonds involve certain risks such as market risk, price volatility, liquidity risk, and risk of default.
Data provided by Wall Street on Demand and Thomson Reuters.
Data quoted represents past performance. Past performance is not an indication of future results and investment returns and share prices will fluctuate on a daily basis. Your investment may be worth more or less than your original cost when you redeem your shares. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.























Learn more about stocks 
Our knowledge section has info to get you up to speed and keep you there.3
 









video
What is a Dividend?
Basic
One of the big reasons investors buy stocks is for the dividend payments. Find out what...
Watch video






article
Investing in Stocks
Basic
Businesses sell shares of stock to investors as a way to raise money to finance expansion, pay...
Read more






video
Evaluating Stocks with EPS
Basic
EPS, or earnings-per-share, helps you understand the profitability of each company.  Learn how...
Watch video






video
The Basics of Stock Selection
Basic
Selecting stocks for investing and trading should not be a guessing game in today's market. Join...
Watch video






















Log On to E*TRADE | E*TRADE Financial































Log on
Welcome Back!
























Remember my user ID




Go to: 


Accounts











	                                                Forgot your User ID or Password?
	                                            

中文







Log on











Need tax documents for a closed account?


Log on above with your old user ID and password







Didn't create your account online?


Set up online access







Need information about security?


Go to Security Center
















        	3w22m3.6
    	














 












E*TRADE Financial | Investing, Trading & Retirement











































Welcome to the original place to invest online 


We were the first to give Main Street the chance to trade like Wall Street—and we're still delivering solutions today. Open a new brokerage or retirement account today.


















$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works








Open an account






$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works








Open an account
























 
Seize your competitive edge
At E*TRADE, every trader gets access to professional-grade tools and resources to research ideas, test strategies, and capitalize on market opportunities fast.





















Elite-level market data
See deep into the market with the same data used by Wall Street traders


Learn more
Options, futures, and margin tools
Get the insights to execute complex strategies and manage risk/reward
Learn more




















Idea generation and analysis
Uncover emerging opportunities and test your ideas with real market data
Learn more
$6.95 (or less) trades2
Get more, for less. Pay $6.95 per equity and options trade, plus just 75¢ per options contract. Active traders pay even less.
Learn more






























 
Filter out the noise
Rumors and speculation drive the markets. We help you make sense of it all with free independent analyst research from leading providers like TipRanks, Credit Suisse,3 and Thomson Reuters. It’s like having your own research team working for you.
 
Learn more





















Knowledgeable support
when you need it
When money’s at stake, you need answers fast. In addition to 24/7 Customer Service, our Financial Consultants are on call—talk to one today.



Financial Consultants











Advanced security
that never clocks out
Your account security is paramount. Along with strong network defenses and encryption, we protect your privacy, assets, and every transaction you make with the E*TRADE Complete Protection Guarantee.


Security Center


















E*TRADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Explore managed solutions
If you’re looking for professional management, we can build a portfolio customized to your needs, monitor, and adjust it to keep you moving toward your goals.


Learn more
















New to online investing and trading?
We've mapped out some ways to get you started on the path to wealth. Check out some of these helpful videos and articles.

Explore









video
New to Online Investing
Basic
See how E*TRADE can help you take control of your investments online. Get a three-minute tour of...
Watch video






article
Creating an Investment Portfolio
Basic
You've identified your goals and done some basic research. You understand the difference between...
Read more






article
Investing in Stocks
Basic
Businesses sell shares of stock to investors as a way to raise money to finance expansion, pay...
Read more
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















E*TRADE Expands Advice Offerings With Managed Investment Portfolios - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































E*TRADE Expands Advice Offerings With Managed Investment Portfolios






Business Wire




Feb 9, 2010 8:05 AM EST













 


















































  E*TRADE FINANCIAL Corp. (NASDAQ: ETFC) today announced that E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC, has expanded its high-quality advice offerings with the addition of actively managed portfolios of leading, non-proprietary mutual funds or ETFs, which allocate assets based on the customer’s investment profile.  Managed Investment Portfolios make one-on-one professional portfolio management accessible to investors with an investment of $25,000 or more – a fraction of what many investment advisers require to access their services. Leveraging the asset allocation expertise of industry leader PNC Managed Investments, the mutual fund and ETF portfolios offer a range of investment styles from conservative to aggressive growth and feature automatic rebalancing to ensure proper diversification.  “As a result of the volatile markets, investors are looking for easy access to ongoing, high-quality advice that won’t chip away at their investment gains. They want to know that someone is watching out for their nest egg and working to ensure their portfolio stays balanced to help them reach their long-term investing goals,” said Michael Curcio, President, E*TRADE Capital Management. “Managed Investment Portfolios provide customers with high-quality, unbiased advice at a low barrier to entry through a channel that ensures solutions are focused on the customer’s individual goals.”  A smart choice for individuals who are planning for retirement, saving for college, rolling over a 401(k) or simply investing a lump sum, Managed Investment Portfolios deliver professional portfolio management in a cost effective manner. Customers begin with a complimentary goals assessment with an investment professional – either over the phone or in-person – to determine investment goals, risk tolerance and time horizon.  As a fully discretionary product, E*TRADE Capital Management reviews and approves the investment decisions and executes all the transactions in the portfolio, with customers paying a low, asset-based fee. The investment team begins the investment process with a broad-based asset allocation strategy based on the customer’s investment profile. Investments for the Managed Investment Portfolios are selected using a proprietary “five-stage due diligence” model that:   Screens preliminary factors to identify investment options;   Performs quantitative performance analysis including performance history, performance vs. benchmark, diversification and portfolio turnover;   Evaluates qualitative factors including quality of fund family, investment team, strategy track record, and potential surprises;   Is reviewed and approved by E*TRADE Capital Management’s investment policy committee;   Provides ongoing monitoring, risk management and periodic rebalancing to make adjustments as needed with an eye toward achieving the Portfolio’s long-term objectives.    “Managed Investment Portfolios are a key milestone in the evolution of our business strategy to focus on attracting mass affluent investors while gaining a greater share of our customers’ investable assets,” continued Mr. Curcio. “Leveraging PNC Managed Investments’ robust platform and investment research expertise will allow us to expand the advisory products we offer over time into areas like separately managed and unified managed accounts.”  



 








 































































 











Trending


Amazon and Starbucks Team Up to Take Down Nasdaq


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











E Trade Capital Management, LLC                                                                                          - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Bond Dealers And Brokers



                            E Trade Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















E 


E Trade Capital Management, LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



135 E 57TH ST UNIT 77 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(646) 521-4371
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $330,000.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Bond Dealers And Brokers
 Contacts Donald H Layton                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007, E Trade Capital Management, Llc                                                                                          has been providing Bond Dealers And Brokers from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







E

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 












E*TRADE Financial | Investing, Trading & Retirement











































Welcome to the original place to invest online 


We were the first to give Main Street the chance to trade like Wall Street—and we're still delivering solutions today. Open a new brokerage or retirement account today.


















$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works








Open an account






$




Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works








Open an account
























 
Seize your competitive edge
At E*TRADE, every trader gets access to professional-grade tools and resources to research ideas, test strategies, and capitalize on market opportunities fast.





















Elite-level market data
See deep into the market with the same data used by Wall Street traders


Learn more
Options, futures, and margin tools
Get the insights to execute complex strategies and manage risk/reward
Learn more




















Idea generation and analysis
Uncover emerging opportunities and test your ideas with real market data
Learn more
$6.95 (or less) trades2
Get more, for less. Pay $6.95 per equity and options trade, plus just 75¢ per options contract. Active traders pay even less.
Learn more






























 
Filter out the noise
Rumors and speculation drive the markets. We help you make sense of it all with free independent analyst research from leading providers like TipRanks, Credit Suisse,3 and Thomson Reuters. It’s like having your own research team working for you.
 
Learn more





















Knowledgeable support
when you need it
When money’s at stake, you need answers fast. In addition to 24/7 Customer Service, our Financial Consultants are on call—talk to one today.



Financial Consultants











Advanced security
that never clocks out
Your account security is paramount. Along with strong network defenses and encryption, we protect your privacy, assets, and every transaction you make with the E*TRADE Complete Protection Guarantee.


Security Center


















E*TRADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Explore managed solutions
If you’re looking for professional management, we can build a portfolio customized to your needs, monitor, and adjust it to keep you moving toward your goals.


Learn more
















New to online investing and trading?
We've mapped out some ways to get you started on the path to wealth. Check out some of these helpful videos and articles.

Explore









video
New to Online Investing
Basic
See how E*TRADE can help you take control of your investments online. Get a three-minute tour of...
Watch video






article
Creating an Investment Portfolio
Basic
You've identified your goals and done some basic research. You understand the difference between...
Read more






article
Investing in Stocks
Basic
Businesses sell shares of stock to investors as a way to raise money to finance expansion, pay...
Read more























E*TRADE Careers - Job Opportunities in Fintech - Apply Online

































































































Open MenuHide Menu

 



















HomeYou are here: Home

Job searchKeywordsLocationLocationCA, CupertinoCA, Los AngelesCA, Menlo ParkCA, RosevilleCA, San FranciscoCA, TorranceDC, WashingtonFL, TampaGA, AlpharettaIL, ChicagoMA, BostonNJ, Jersey CityNY, New YorkPA, King Of PrussiaPH, MakatiTX, HoustonUT, SandyVA, Arlington

 Stay connected
Join our Talent Network for E*TRADE career news and alerts. Be the first to find out about new opportunities that fit your skills and experience.
Connect Now




Opportunity is everywhere at E*TRADEBuild your future and help bring the power of investing to everyone.


Careers at E*TRADE
At E*TRADE, we rattled the very foundations of Wall Street. Decades ago, we helped reinvent the financial services industry and created a new one. We put an unprecedented amount of choice and control into the hands of individuals. And the revolution continues.
It’s a challenge, transforming the status quo, knocking down old barriers. If you think that sounds exciting, E*TRADE could be the place for you. You bring us your talent and dedication, and we’ll give you the opportunity to make a difference—and maybe the opportunity of a lifetime.



About us
Learn about who we are, what we do, and why we do it.
Learn more about E*TRADE


Why work here
See why we think a job can be rewarding, meaningful, and still fun.
Learn more about working here


Career areas
Find out about career opportunities at E*TRADE and where you fit in.
Explore E*TRADE career areas



Events
Check out upcoming E*TRADE career events.
More about E*TRADE career events


College
Get a head start with our competitive programs for recent college grads.
Explore our college programs


FAQs
Get answers to common questions about applying for jobs at E*TRADE.
Read our jobs FAQ



Featured JobsMobile Product ManagerNew York, NYAdministrative AssistantArlington, VAFutures Risk AnalystChicago, ILAssociate Service ManagerSandy, UT
   

 About us
Company overview
Investor relations
Stock & debt info
Corporate FAQs
 E*TRADE careers
Why work here
Career areas
College
FAQs
Events
Locations
Job search
Quick links Customer service
Find a branch
etrade.com
Contact us

Connect with us 





 E*TRADE Financial Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer who encourages diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, disability, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Safe Harbor Statement
The materials contained on this website include information as of the date noted thereon and may contain certain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future performance of the company. Various factors, including risks and uncertainties referred to in the 10Ks, 10Qs and other reports E*TRADE Financial Corporation periodically files with the SEC, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our projections or other forward-looking statements and we caution that we do not undertake to update these projections or forward-looking statements. The materials may also contain disclosure of non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of these financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the related presentation or elsewhere on this website.

Securities products and services offered by E*TRADE Securities LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory services are offered through E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC, a Registered Investment Adviser. Banking products and services are offered by E*TRADE Bank, a Federal savings bank, Member FDIC, or its subsidiaries. E*TRADE Securities LLC, E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC and E*TRADE Bank are separate but affiliated companies.
System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.



©2016 E*TRADE Financial Corporation. All rights reserved. E*TRADE Copyright Policy Version 63w23m3-162w401m5








 




















Scroll to top














ETRADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






ETRADE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC






1271 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK,  New York, 10020, (646) 521-4453


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
687


New Positions
122


Increased Positions
439


Decreased Positions
248


Positions with Activity
687


Sold Out Positions
49


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
2,524



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
2.13%


Basic Materials
1.05%


Industrials
2.91%


Consumer Cyclicals
3.7%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
3.08%


Financials
73.31%


Healthcare
5.11%


Technology
5.78%


Telecommunication Services
1.33%


Utilities
1.29%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






687 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
232,598
23,278
11.12
940,929


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 GRW ETF
220,176
12,616
6.08
1,799,555


ISHARES TR
CORE US AGGBD ET
212,230
8,011
3.92
1,938,524


ISHARES TR
RUS 1000 VAL ETF
202,035
11,018
5.77
1,724,882


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
ALLWRLD EX US
164,490
7,851
5.01
3,187,165


VANGUARD SCOTTSDALE FDS
INT-TERM CORP
135,716
4,773
3.65
1,543,103


ISHARES TR
RUSSELL 2000 ETF
81,152
8,134
11.14
570,131


ISHARES TR
RUS 2000 GRW ETF
63,085
2,099
3.44
368,253


ISHARES TR
RUS 2000 VAL ETF
57,045
1,809
3.28
476,806


RYDEX ETF TRUST
GUG S&P500 EQ WT
54,643
3,616
7.09
579,339


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
FTSE EMR MKT ETF
35,022
2,969
9.26
818,645


VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
SHORT TRM BOND
33,659
448
1.35
420,899


VANGUARD WHITEHALL FDS INC
HIGH DIV YLD
30,511
444
1.48
383,691


ISHARES TR
TIPS BD ETF
29,347
2,654
9.94
258,817


ISHARES TR
IBOXX HI YD ETF
25,857
550
2.17
290,859


ISHARES TR
MBS ETF
25,259
898
3.69
236,245


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
15,017
2,019
15.53
205,265


ISHARES TR
INTERM CR BD ETF
14,093
959
7.30
127,917


APPLE INC
COM
11,981
423
3.66
79,576


ABBVIE INC
COM
11,730
1,253
11.96
163,525




<< first< previous12345102030next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            MakeMyTrip Limited to Report Fiscal 2018 First Quarter Financial & Operating Results on August 9, 2
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Consolidated Communications launches CCI All Access App
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Republican effort to gut Obamacare crashes in U.S. Senate
                        



	                    10:55AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar declines as GDP data underwhelms
                        



	                    10:52AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE- Amazon, Starbucks, Mattel, Ellie Mae
                        



	                    10:47AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































