
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Karen Etzkorn | HSN , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Karen S. Etzkorn: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:54 PM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of HSN, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Karen S. Etzkorn  Chief Information Officer & Executive VP, HSN, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Ms. Karen S. Etzkorn has been the Chief Information Officer and Executive Vice President at HSN, Inc since January 2013. Ms. Etzkorn oversees all aspects of Information Technology (IT) for HSNi's two operating segments HSN and Cornerstone and provide the vision and direction needed to support its strategic and business objectives. She is a highly respected leader within the technology and IT industry for more than 25 years. She joined HSN in January 2013. Before joining ... HSNi, she served as Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Ascena Retail, Inc. She served as Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President at Tween Brands, Inc., and has also held senior technology positions at retailers including The Home Depot, Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Gap, Inc., and Limited, Inc. She has been a Director of Hibbett Sports, Inc. since November 2, 2016. Ms. Etzkorn earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from Ohio State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1 HSN DriveSt. Petersburg, Florida 33729United StatesPhone: 727-872-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentDirectorHibbett Sports, Inc.
Education
BSBA The Ohio State University
Other Affiliations
Hibbett Sports, Inc.The Ohio State UniversityTween Brands, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGerry P. Smith CEO & DirectorOffice Depot, Inc.--Robert J. Rosenblatt Chief Executive Officer and DirectorEVINE Live Inc.$640.4KMarvin R. Ellison Chairman & CEOJ. C. Penney Company, Inc.$1.4MJoseph  Levin Chief Executive Officer and DirectorIAC/InterActiveCorp$3.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HSN, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Karen Etzkorn Relatives - People Search










	        advertisement










Member Login







People SearchReverse Phone LookupBackground CheckCriminal RecordsPublic Records









 


                             First:
                        

                              Mid:
                        

                              Last:
                        

                             City:
                        

                             State:
                        







                              


                              


                              


                              
All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
D.C.
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





















Karen EtzkornFind the Karen Etzkorn you've been the searching for with our dependable people search tools. USA-People-Search.com has an extensive information database to help you locate people based on age, past residences, relatives, aliases, and more. Find known relatives of Karen Etzkorn.We'll help you find the right Karen Etzkorn by using any data that we have in our records. Look up the right Karen using such info as previous residences and known aliases. Explore additional personal data, including background checks, criminal profiles, and email addresses on USA-People-Search.com. If this Karen is not the person you are in search of, refer to the list of people with the last name Etzkorn below. This list could include name, age, location, and relatives.Incorporate more info into the search fields on the left to enhance your results. A first name, middle name, last name, city, state and/or age can be pivotal in finding Karen Etzkorn. Use the map to get a visual sense of their location. Once you find the Karen Etzkorn you desire, you can then access all the public records data we have in our detailed database. See people search results for Karen Etzkorn in no time at all with our easy-to-use tools. Name/AKAsAgeLocationPossible Relatives1.
			Minsk, Etzkorn KarenAssociated names:ETZKORN, KAREN MINSKMINSK, KAREN AMINSKETZKORN, KAREN ASPADAFORA, A 50 
			Medfield, MAHyde Park, MABoston, MACanton, MANorwood, MAETZKORN, DENNIS D (age 57)GOLDBERG, LINDA B (age 66)MINSK, DAVID R (age 47)MINSK, JOHNMINSK, RICHARD M (age 74)MINSKEIZKORN, KAREN ASPADAFORA, ANDREA MARY (age 46)SPADAFORA, ANTHONY M (age 52)
            View Details
          2.
			Etzkorn, Karen SAssociated names:FORST,  K62 
			Subiaco, ARETZKORN, MATTHEW R (age 54)ETZKORN, TIM W (age 77)ETZKORN, TIM W (age 43)ETZKORN, TOM J (age 82)NICHOLS, LISA R (age 59)
            View Details
          3.
			Etzkorn, Karen LAssociated names:ETZKORN, KL 68 
			Fort Smith, ARETZKORN, ANGELA DAWN (age 51)ETZKORN, ARTHUR F (age 85)ETZKORN, PAUL DOUGLAS (age 42)
            View Details
          4.
			Etzkorn, Karen LAssociated names:ETZKOM, KAREN 61 
			Venice, FLTiffin, OHETZKORN, AMANDA L (age 36)ETZKORN, AMANDA L (age 36)ETZKORN, ORBANETZKORN, RANDALL T (age 61)ETZKORN, SAVINA J (age 89)ETZKORN, SAVINA JOAN (age 89)ETZKORN, URBAN H (age 89)ETZKORN, ZACHARY T (age 39)ETZKORN, ZACHARY T (age 39)
            View Details
          5.
			Mccaffree, Karen EtzkornAssociated names:ETZKORN, KAREN GMCCAFFREE,  KMCKAREN, E MIKI, KAREN ETZKORN46 
			Shreveport, LABranson, MOHamilton, MSRome, GAColumbus, MSETZKORN, ATHEL LOUIS (age 88)ETZKORN, RUBY MAE (age 44)ETZKORN, RUBY P (age 83)MCCAFFREE, CLAYTON PHILIP (age 46)SIMS, MIKI ETZKORN (age 45)
            View Details
          6.
			Etzkorn, Karen M69 
			Crossville, TNOlean, NYETZKORN, ALAN M (age 41)ETZKORN, GIRARD J (age 89)ETZKORN, KEVIN GETZKORN, LINDA A (age 69)
            View Details
          7.
			Etzkorn, Karen S53 
			Marietta, GAAlamo, CAEdgewood, KYIndependence, KYColumbus, OHETZKORN, DAVID S (age 58)
            View Details
          8.
			Etzkorn, Karen L 
			Phoenix, AZ 
            View Details
          9.
			Etzkorn, Karen A63 
			Delphos, OHLima, OHETZKORN, MARK A (age 57)ETZKORN, RYAN L (age 32)ETZKORN, STEPHEN R (age 49)
            View Details
          10.
			Etzkorn, Karen AnnAssociated names:ETZKORN, KAREN M63 
			Chicago, ILPlainfield, ILLemont, IL 
            View Details
          11.
			Etzkorn, Karen 
			Lemont, IL 
            View Details
          12.
			Etzkorn, Karen KimAssociated names:ETZKORN, KAREN KETZKORN, KIM KKIM, KAREN 62 
			Saint Louis, MOETZKORN, BRIAN L (age 39)ETZKORN, KENETZKORN, KENNETH J (age 64)ETZKORN, LINDSAY M (age 31)ETZKORNJR, KENNETH J (age 64)
            View Details
          13.
			Etzkorn, Karen MAssociated names:ETZKORN,  K36 
			Saint Louis, MORochester Hills, MIETZKORN, DAVID ALOYSIUS (age 74)ETZKORN, JUDITH MARIE (age 74)ETZKORN, PAUL ALLAN (age 39)
            View Details
          14.
			Etzkorn, Karen Gail46 
			Macon, MSETZKORN, ATHEL LOUIS (age 88)ETZKORN, MIKE KELLIEETZKORN, RUBY MAE (age 44)ETZKORN, RUBY P (age 83)ETZKORN, TONI DGILLILAND, SARAH NICOLE (age 40)SIMS, MIKI ETZKORN (age 45)
            View Details
          15.
			Etzkorn, Karen M40 
			New Paltz, NY 
            View Details
          16.
			Etzkorn, Karen M 
			New Paltz, NY 
            View Details
          17.
			Etzkorn, Karen 
			Charleston, AR 
            View Details
          18.
			Etzkorn, Karen M 
			Broken Arrow, OKETZKORN, DENNIS D (age 57)
            View Details
          19.
			Etzkorn, Karen K 
			Saint Louis, MOETZKORN, BRIAN L (age 39)ETZKORN, CARRIE LYNN (age 40)
            View Details
          20.
			Etzkorn, Karen K 
			Saint Louis, MOETZKORN, BRIAN L (age 39)ETZKORN, CARRIE J (age 40)ETZKORN, CARRIE LYNN (age 40)ETZKORN, FRANCIS L (age 93)ETZKORN, KENNETH JSR (age 93)ETZKORN, SR KENNETHJ
            View Details
          21.
			Etzkorn, Karen M 
			Broken Arrow, OKETZKORN, DENNIS D (age 57)ETZKORN, PATRICIA A (age 77)ETZKORN, ROBERT BERNARD (age 82)
            View Details
          22.
			Etzkorn, Karen K62 
			Saint Louis, MOETZKORN, KENNETH J (age 64)ETZKORN, LINDSAY M (age 31)
            View Details
          




















                USA People Search helps you find anyone instantly, and learn more about them from public records. 
                USA People Search is not a consumer reporting agency, as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). 
                This site cannot be used for employment, credit or tenant screening, or any related purpose. To learn more, please visit our
                Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
                



A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z 

Home  |  
        About Us  |  
        All Products  |  
        People Directory  | 
        Articles  |  
        Help  |  
        Privacy  |  
        Terms & Conditions  |  
        Contact Us  |  
        Link To Us  |  
        Bookmark Us

        ©2017 USA People Search
			
        






Karen Etzkorn, Hsn Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Karen Etzkorn

Chief Information Officer,
Hsn Inc






Career History




Chief Information Officer
Hsn Inc, PRESENT


Senior VP/CIO
Ascena Retail Group Inc, 2008-2012


Senior VP/CIO
Tween Brands Inc, 2008-2012


Exec VP/CIO
Hsn Inc, 1/2013-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.hsn.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 HSN Drive
Saint Petersburg, FL 33729
United States


Phone:
1-727-872-1000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hsn.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Ohio State University
Bachelor's Degree, Business Administration








Memberships



Board Memberships




Hibbett Sports Inc


Board Member, 11/2016-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Karen S. Etzkorn appointed to Hibbett Sports Inc. Board.
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Ms. Karen S. EtzkornEVP and Chief Information Officer, HSN Inc.St. Petersburg, FLShe is in her current position at HSN, an interactive multichannel retailer, since 2013. Prior to that she served as SVP and CIO at Ascena Retail Inc. and Tween Brands Inc., and held senior technology positions at Home Depot, Williams-Sonoma, Gap, and Limited Inc.2017 First QuarterAdded to: Hibbett Sports Inc. - Birmingham, ALHibbett is a sporting goods company. Revenues are $972 million.















 















 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Executive Profile | HSN, Inc. | Karen S. Etzkorn | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Karen S. Etzkorn 

		
		CIO, 

	
		 HSN, Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 07/10/2017 



Executive Summary
Etzkorn is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at HSN Inc., a $3 billion interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise that operates two business segments, HSN (Home Shopping Network) and Cornerstone. She assumed the newly created position in January 2013 and oversees 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Etzkorn is married and has a daughter. She resides in Largo, Florida.
She describes herself as passionate, fun, engaged, business-minded, and a loyal Buckeye. 
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: HSN Inc. is a $3 billion interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise that operates two business segments, HSN and Cornerstone. HSN delivers a curated assortment of exclu 
Key Challenges

More Women in the Supply Chain: "The retail supply chain is one of the most male-dominated areas of the historically male-dominated retail industry, but a growing number of female executives are shifting the paradi 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1963 in Ohio.
Etzkorn earned a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Ohio State University in 1986. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us










































Executive Insights


In The Spotlight


Partner Profile


We Had To Ask


In The Community


PARTY OF THE YEAR


HSN Buzz














Executive Insights


 A Letter From Mindy
 Bill Brand: It’s Fun Here
 Anne Martin-Vachon: Keep It Fresh and Relevant



In The Spotlight


 Earth, Wind & Fire
 HSN Holiday 2013 Preview
 Aura by Swarovski 
 Alexa Hampton
 HGTV HOME™ Outdoor Living 

Partner Profile

 India Hicks 
 William Dean 

  WE HAD TO ASK  

 Karen Etzkorn, CIO, HSNi 
 Mike Attinella, CFO, HSN & CAO, HSNi 

  IN THE COMMUNITY  

 BBBS: Companies for Kids  
 Tampa Bay Heart Walk  
 E.A.T. St. Pete 

  Party Of The Year  

 Birthday Headlines  
 Birthday Photos  

  HSN BUZZ  






						We had to ask two of HSN's Leadership team members – Karen Etzkorn, EVP & CIO, HSNi and Mike Attinella, CAO, HSNi & CFO, HSN—to share their thoughts about HSN's exciting strategic imperatives, strongest assets as we look to the future, and a little bit about themselves.

Karen Etzkorn, EVP & CIO, HSNi




						    Karen Etzkorn, EVP & CIO, HSNi
						  

This  past January, Karen Etzkorn joined HSNi as Chief Information Officer (CIO),  overseeing all aspects of Information Technology (IT) for HSN and Cornerstone. 
In her new role, Karen is a  driving force behind the current mutli-year systems transformation of HSNi's  core processes and technologies, and she serves as an integral partner in the  continued development and execution of a comprehensive technology roadmap  across all of HSNi's digital platforms.
With over 25 years of  experience as a highly respected leader within the IT industry, Karen's  knowledge and understanding of technology and retail is invaluable as HSNi  positions itself for future growth, and provides customers with more  personalized experiences. 
Hailing from Ohio, Karen  received her Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Ohio State  University, and has held senior technology positions for The Home Depot,  Williams-Somona, Inc., Gap, Inc. and Limited, Inc. Karen most recently worked  as the Senior Vice President and CIO for Ascena Retail, Inc. 
Karen is already a tremendous  asset to the HSNi team, providing the vision and direction needed to support  the company's numerous strategic and business objectives.   
In welcoming Karen to the  HSNi team, we just had to ask…					  
1. What excites you most about joining HSNi as CIO?
The opportunity to work with this amazing team.  I continue to be impressed with the talent  and passion that exists within our organization. Every day we are laser focused  on providing outstanding service to our customer both within our HSN brand and the  Cornerstone family of brands. The passion that exists within our organization  for our customer and our products makes everyday FUN!
2. What do you consider your key strategic imperatives?
We have several within the technology organization both  here and for Cornerstone. As you know, we implemented our redesigned .com site  in January. Now that we have this amazing site, it's time to take what we've learned  and optimize the customer experience, so customers will buy more when they land  on our pages. The Digital IT team is working hard with the business to  prioritize and execute those initiatives. 
In addition, here at HSN, we continue to make  progress with the first waves of our strategic initiatives. In partnership with  IBM, we have executed our first campaigns within our new campaign management  solution, are within weeks of having our new data warehouse live, and after  that, the first phase of our digital asset management system. All 3 of these  solutions have the opportunity to drive value and incremental revenue for our  business.   
As we move into the next phases of these waves, we  will also be looking to kick of the effort to replace our legacy item and order  management solutions. Those solutions, as a result of being in place for many  years, are heavily customized. We have an opportunity to upgrade those  solutions and provide an improved experience for our customers. As an example,  we are currently limited to one item per customer order and on the types of  product level promotions we can execute. We will look to resolve these  limitations as we replace the legacy solutions.   
In addition, to the  efforts here at HSN, I'm working with both the HSN and Cornerstone IT teams to  evaluate our data center capacity. As a result of many years of growth, we  leverage 10 different facilities to house our computer server equipment. We are  confident we can be more efficient as a result of consolidating those  facilities. We will also be looking to a longer term vision to consolidate our  application footprint across both HSN and Cornerstone. How quickly that evolves  will be driven by the business needs. 
3. Given that college football season is around the corner, will you remain true to your Ohio State Buckeyes, or as a new Florida resident, will you pledge allegiance to the Gators or the Noles?
I bleed Scarlet and Grey and will continue to do so .   My dad got his Master's Degree from Ohio State University, myself and my siblings all graduated from OSU, and our spouses did as well. We're proud to be a Buckeye Family and look forward to a great football season! Go Bucks! 
4. What adjectives would you use to describe yourself?
Passionate,  Fun, Engaged, Business-Minded, and a Loyal Buckeye!
5. What fun summer activities are you planning in the area?
I just moved into my beautiful new home in Largo, and am just starting to get settled.  I am looking forward to many visitors from up north in Ohio, and in getting my daughter started at grad school in London in September. It will be a busy, busy summer!
6. When you take a look out on the horizon at the future of HSN, what do you consider to be HSNi's greatest asset?
Passion for our customer and passion for our brand. We love our customers, and we want to provide them outstanding, innovative product at a great value. Through our Partners and our internal HSN team, I'm confident we will continue to have a winning solution!





Mike Attinella, CAO, HSNi & CFO, HSN




							  Mike Attinella, CAO, HSNi & CFO, HSN
						  

As  part of HSNi's efforts effort to grow the business and drive operating  efficiencies, Mike Attinella, who began his career at HSN in June 2001 as the  Senior Vice President, Controller, was recently promoted to the role of Chief  Financial Officer (CFO) for HSN and Chief Accounting Officer (CAO) for HSNi.
As  the CFO for HSN, Mike oversees all financial aspects of the company, including  strategic planning, financial reporting and analysis, accounting; credit, and  risk management. And, as the CAO for HSNi, he is responsible for internal and  external financial reporting. 
Mike  received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Penn State University. And,  prior to starting at HSN, he acted as Vice President of Accounting for Tech  Data and VP, Controller for Catalina Marking. 
In  congratulating Mike on his recent promotion, we just had to ask…
1. How do you think your role as CAO for HSNi has prepared you for success as HSN's new CFO?
I'm confident that  the technical responsibilities of my job as Controller/CAO, combined with the  opportunities that HSNi's afforded me to get involved in projects beyond the  "normal" duties of a Controller/CAO, and my experiences at other companies have  prepared me for my new role as CFO.  
To truly succeed at  anything, however, I've realized that the combined efforts of a team are far  more successful than the efforts of an individual.  While here at HSN, I've been very fortunate  to work with a great team of people—not only a best-in-class accounting  department, but great folks from all disciplines of the company.  For me to succeed as HSN's CFO, I will  leverage my past experiences, but more importantly, work hard as a part of a  team that's committed to HSN's overall success.   
2. What adjectives would you use to describe yourself?
Good question. Almost  everyone describes me as quiet, but I would describe myself as curious,  thoughtful, direct (sometimes too direct!), objective, and fair.
3. What do you consider your greatest achievement during your tenure at HSN?
That's an easy  one...building a great team that is dedicated to our success.  
4. What's it like being the dad of a professional Major League Soccer player?
It's been fun to  watch Jeff (my younger son) evolve from a little child running around on a  soccer field in Countryside into a professional goalkeeper in the MLS.  Although it's been a wild ride through agent  contracts, team combines, MLS draft, player contracts, etc. etc., it's pretty  cool to Google your last name and find lots of articles about your kid!
That said, Kris (my  wife) and I have truly been blessed with two wonderful sons...each successful  in their own way. It's been thoroughly fulfilling to be a part of their lives  and, in a small way, contribute to their individual successes.
5. As the treasurer on board for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Pinellas County, what does it mean to you to give back to the community?
There's nothing better than to give back to a community that's given so much to me and my family. I'm on the Boards of Big Brothers and Sisters of Pinellas County and Junior Achievement of Greater Tampa Bay. Both are great organizations, and both are changing the lives of the kids in our community. There aren't too many things that I can do that actually changes the lives of the future of our community. If you're so inclined, I encourage you to get involved in one of these, or a similar organization. Once you do, you can answer the "what does it mean to give back to the community" part of the question for yourself!
6. When you take a look out on the horizon at the future of HSN, what do you consider to be HSNi's greatest asset?
That's another easy one--Our people, and our commitment to our success, are our greatest assets and the key to HSNi's future. 


















Karen S. Etzkorn - Chief Information Officer & Executive Vice President at HSN, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Karen S. Etzkorn
Chief Information Officer & Executive Vice President at HSN, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Karen S. Etzkorn
Chief Information Officer & Executive Vice President at HSN, Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 491 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
January 13, 2017





                        First Insight Partners with HSN                    





Marketwired
January 5, 2017





                        HSN, Camuto Group, and Threadstone Advisors Join First Insight Panel at NRF's Annual Retail's BIG Show                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Michael J. Attinella

Chief Accounting Officer at HSN, Inc.




Richard George

President at Junior Achievement of West Central Florida





Judy A. Schmeling

President of Cornerstone Brands & Chief Operating Officer at HSN, Inc.




Jeffry O. Rosenthal

Director, Chief Executive Officer & President at Hibbett Sports, Inc.





William Brand

President at HSN, Inc.




Gregory J. Henchel

Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at HSN, Inc.





Mindy Grossman

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Weight Watchers International, Inc.




Carl T. Kirkland

Co-Founder at Kirkland's, Inc.





Michael J. Newsome

Former Chairman at Hibbett Sports, Inc.




Charles E. Sykes

President & Chief Executive Officer at Sykes Enterprises, Inc.







See 481 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 481 More 


 


 Paths to Karen S. Etzkorn



            Karen S. Etzkorn          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Karen S. Etzkorn






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Karen S. Etzkorn.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor's in Business Administration 


The Ohio State University

                  The Ohio State University, commonly referred to as Ohio State or OSU, is a public research university in Columbus, Ohio. Founded in 1870, as a land-grant university and ninth university in Ohio with the Morrill Act of 1862, the university was originally known as the Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College.                





 Career History



Chief Information Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2013 - Current                


HSN, Inc.


                  HSN, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSNI) is a $3 billion interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise and operates two business segments, HSN and Cornerstone. HSNi offers an innovative, differentiated retail experience on TV, online, via mobile, in catalogs, and in brick and mortar stores. HSN delivers a curated assortment of exclusive products and top brand names, and broadcasts live 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 364 days a year, reaching approximately 96 million homes. HSN.com is a top 10 most trafficked e-commerce site that creates a unique experience by leveraging content, community and commerce. In addition, HSN is an industry leader in transactional innovation, offering services such as HSN Shop by Remote®, the only service of its kind in the U.S.; mobile applications, including HSN apps for iPad®, iPhone®, Android™; and HSN on Demand®. Cornerstone is comprised of leading home and apparel lifestyle brands, including Ballard Designs, Frontgate, and Garnet Hill. Cornerstone operates eight separate e-commerce sites, distributes more than 300 million catalogs annually, and has 11 retail and outlet stores.                




Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2008 - 2012                


Ascena Retail Group, Inc.


                  Ascena Retail Group, Inc. engages in the retail of women's clothing, shoes, and accessories stores. It operates through the following segments: ANN, Justice, Lane Bryant, Maurices, Dressbarn and Catherines. The ANN segment offers modern feminine classics and versatile fashion choices, sold primarily under the Ann Taylor and LOFT brands. The Justice segment creates designs and develops its own exclusive Justice branded merchandise in-house. The Lane Bryant segment offers female customers in plus-sizes 12-32, including intimate apparel, wear-to-work and casual sportswear, accessories, select footwear and social occasion apparel. The Maurices segment is primarily sold under the following two product lines: Maurices and Studio Y. The Dressbarn segment offers moderate-to-better quality career and casual fashion to the working woman. The Catherines segment offers classic apparel and accessories to female customers for wear-to-work and casual lifestyles. The company was founded by Elliot S. Jaffe and Roslyn S. Jaffe in 1962 and is headquartered in Mahwah, NJ.                




Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2008 - 2012                


Tween Brands, Inc.


                  Tween Brands, Inc. retails personal care products, apparels and jewelry for teenage girls. Its brands include Limited Too and Justice. The company sells apparel, such as jeans, skirts, shorts, dresses, and outerwear, as well as accessories. Tween Brands also provides footwear and lifestyle products, such as bedroom furnishings, music, and toiletries. The firm was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in New Albany, OH.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


The Home Depot


                  Home Depot, Inc. is a home improvement retailer that sells building materials and home improvement products. It operates The Home Depot stores, which provides full-service, warehouse-style stores that sells a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products and lawn and garden products and provide a number of services. The company offers national installation services through pre-screened independent contractors for products ranging from floors to roofs, windows to water heaters, and kitchen cabinets to vinyl siding. Its retail stores offer professional customers, including repair and remodel contractors, special services and support to make them more successful on the job site. The company serves professional remodelers, general contractors, repairmen, small business owners, and tradesmen. Home Depot was founded by Bernard Marcus, Arthur M. Blank, Kenneth Gerald Langone and Pat Farrah on June 29, 1978 and is headquartered at Atlanta, GA.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Gap, Inc.


                  Gap, Inc. operates as a global apparel retail company. It offers apparel, accessories, and personal care products for men, women and children. The company operates through segments: Gap Global, Old Navy Global, Banana Republic Global, Athleta, and Intermix. The Gap Global segment includes apparel and accessories for men and women under the Gap brand, along with the GapKids, BabyGap, GapMaternity, GapBody and GapFit collections. The Old Navy Global segment offers clothing and accessories for adults and children. The Banana Republic Global segment provides clothing, eyewear, jewelry, shoes, handbags and fragrances. The Athleta segment offers fitness apparel for women. The Intermix segment features styles from various designers. Gap was founded by Donald G. Fisher and Doris F. Fisher in July 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


The Limited


                  L Brands, Inc. engages in the retail business. It is focused on women's intimate and other apparel, personal care and beauty categories. It operates its business through Victorias Secret and Bath & Body Works International segment. Its brands include Victorias Secret, Bath and Body Works, Pink, La Senza, and Henri Bendel. The company was founded by Leslie Herbert Wexner in 1963 and is headquartered in Columbus, OH.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Williams-Sonoma, Inc.


                  Founded in 1956, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is the premier specialty retailer of home furnishings in the United States and Canada. Our brands are among the best known and most respected in the industry. We successfully market them through all three major channels — retail stores, catalogs, and the Internet.
williams sonoma, Business Sales

Among all of our brands, we cover every room in the house: from the kitchen to the living room, bedroom, home office, and even the hall closet. To learn more about who we are, where we came from and what we've accomplished, visit our corporate timeline                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


Hibbett Sports, Inc.

                    Hibbett Sports, Inc. engages in the ownership and operation of sporting goods stores. Its products include footwear; apparel; accessories; and sports and fitness products. The company was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Birmingham, AL.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Junior Achievement of West Central Florida

                    To educate and inspire young people to own their economic success.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Big Brothers Big Sisters of Tampa Bay, Inc.

                    Our mission is to provide children facing adversity with strong and enduring, professionally supported one-to-one relationships that change their lives for the better, forever.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Karen S. Etzkorn is affiliated with
                            HSN, Inc., Ascena Retail Group, Inc., Tween Brands, Inc., The Home Depot, Gap, Inc., The Limited, Williams-Sonoma, Inc., Hibbett Sports, Inc., Junior Achievement of West Central Florida, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Tampa Bay, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













