






						As Interdigital (IDCC) Stock Declined, Sigma Planning Trimmed by $317,044 Its Holding; Euclidean Technologies Management Lowered Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) Holding by $604,592; Share Value Declined - Flint Daily								







 






























































Finance
Business
Stock News
Penny Stock News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy






As Interdigital (IDCC) Stock Declined, Sigma Planning Trimmed by $317,044 Its Holding; Euclidean Technologies Management Lowered Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) Holding by $604,592; Share Value Declined

July 24, 2017 - By Adrian Erickson

Euclidean Technologies Management Llc decreased its stake in Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) by 21.52% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. Euclidean Technologies Management Llc sold 10,424 shares as the company’s stock declined 6.05% while stock markets rallied. The hedge fund held 38,023 shares of the water supply company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $2.21 million, down from 48,447 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Euclidean Technologies Management Llc who had been investing in Preformed Line Prods Co for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $246.66 million market cap company. The stock declined 0.33% or $0.16 reaching $48.54 per share. About 577 shares traded. Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) has risen 22.89% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.19% the S&P500.
Sigma Planning Corp decreased its stake in Interdigital Inc (IDCC) by 25.18% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. Sigma Planning Corp sold 3,484 shares as the company’s stock declined 17.57% while stock markets rallied. The institutional investor held 10,353 shares of the miscellaneous company at the end of 2016Q4, valued at $946,000, down from 13,837 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Sigma Planning Corp who had been investing in Interdigital Inc for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $2.65B market cap company. The stock declined 0.32% or $0.25 reaching $78.3 per share. About 25,742 shares traded. InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) has risen 50.23% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 33.53% the S&P500.







More important recent Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) news were published by: Prnewswire.com which released: “Preformed Line Products Announces Second Quarter And First Half 2016 Results” on August 05, 2016, also Nasdaq.com published article titled: “Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 29 …”, Marketwatch.com published: “46.76” on June 05, 2009. More interesting news about Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) was released by: Cleveland.com and their article: “Preformed Line Products sees sales and income fall” with publication date: May 02, 2014.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.27 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.90, from 2.17 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 3 investors sold PLPC shares while 19 reduced holdings. 10 funds opened positions while 18 raised stakes. 2.25 million shares or 27.08% less from 3.08 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Renaissance Tech Llc holds 0% or 26,400 shares in its portfolio. Segall Bryant And Hamill Limited Company holds 22,883 shares or 0.03% of its portfolio. State Common Retirement Fund stated it has 2,400 shares. The Pennsylvania-based Pnc Fin Service Inc has invested 0% in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Citigroup has 3,151 shares. Blackrock Institutional Trust Communications Na has 0% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 18,194 shares. State Street invested in 41,457 shares. Boston Prtnrs has invested 0% in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Schwab Charles Invest Mgmt holds 0% of its portfolio in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 9,649 shares. Amer Interest holds 1,439 shares or 0% of its portfolio. Jpmorgan Chase & reported 3,777 shares. Teton Advsr accumulated 5,788 shares. Legal And General Grp Pcl invested 0% in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Rhumbline Advisers holds 4,692 shares. Denali Advisors Ltd Limited Liability Company accumulated 0% or 53 shares.
Analysts await Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) to report earnings on August, 4. 
Euclidean Technologies Management Llc, which manages about $111.78M and $108.78 million US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Genesco Inc (NYSE:GCO) by 6,300 shares to 34,451 shares, valued at $2.14M in 2016Q4, according to the filing. It also increased its holding in Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE:RL) by 4,400 shares in the quarter, for a total of 23,821 shares, and has risen its stake in Teradata Corp Del (NYSE:TDC). 
Sigma Planning Corp, which manages about $914.91M US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Ishares Tr (IEFA) by 13,133 shares to 66,691 shares, valued at $3.58 million in 2016Q4, according to the filing. It also increased its holding in Select Sector Spdr Tr (XLY) by 7,145 shares in the quarter, for a total of 18,426 shares, and has risen its stake in Gilead Sciences Inc (NASDAQ:GILD). 
More notable recent InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) news were published by: Nasdaq.com which released: “First Week of August 18th Options Trading For Interdigital (IDCC)” on July 20, 2017, also Fool.com with their article: “Why InterDigital, Inc. Stock Plunged Today” published on February 24, 2017, Globenewswire.com published: “InterDigital to Offer Transformative Transportation Solution Hosted on …” on June 26, 2017. More interesting news about InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) were released by: Valuewalk.com and their article: “Undervalued InterDigital Inc FCF/EV Yield 16% â€“ All Investable Stock Screener” published on June 26, 2017 as well as Gurufocus.com‘s news article titled: “Smithbridge Asset Management Inc Buys InterDigital Inc, McKesson Corp …” with publication date: July 17, 2017.
Among 4 analysts covering InterDigital (NASDAQ:IDCC), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 25% are positive. InterDigital had 12 analyst reports since August 11, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) has “Equal Weight” rating given on Wednesday, November 11 by Barclays Capital. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Tuesday, February 23 by B. Riley & Co. Dougherty & Company downgraded the shares of IDCC in report on Wednesday, October 5 to “Neutral” rating. The company was maintained on Wednesday, July 19 by B. Riley & Co. The stock has “Equal Weight” rating by Barclays Capital on Friday, September 9. The firm earned “Equal Weight” rating on Friday, February 24 by Barclays Capital. The rating was downgraded by Zacks to “Buy” on Tuesday, August 11. On Thursday, June 8 the stock rating was maintained by B. Riley & Co with “Buy”. The company was initiated on Tuesday, September 29 by Sidoti. The company was downgraded on Wednesday, December 7 by Sidoti.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.95 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.35, from 1.3 in 2016Q3. It turned negative, as 30 investors sold IDCC shares while 88 reduced holdings. 41 funds opened positions while 71 raised stakes. 22.76 million shares or 1.73% less from 23.16 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Rhumbline Advisers invested 0.02% in InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC). Airain Ltd invested in 0.12% or 15,704 shares. Qs Invsts Ltd Liability Company accumulated 40,463 shares. Tudor Et Al has 3,800 shares. Profund Advisors Limited Liability Company reported 0.04% in InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC). Savings Bank Of Montreal Can holds 123,423 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Nationwide Fund Advsr accumulated 128,036 shares. Burney has 79,299 shares. Tradewinds Capital Mngmt Lc reported 0.02% in InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC). Hays Advisory Limited Liability Company invested in 1.57% or 77,122 shares. 13,208 are owned by Arizona State Retirement Sys. Ameritas Investment Inc reported 13,755 shares. 29,547 are held by Federated Invsts Pa. Glob X Mngmt Ltd Liability Corp stated it has 0.01% of its portfolio in InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC). Voloridge Mngmt Limited Com holds 0.03% of its portfolio in InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) for 14,030 shares.
Analysts await InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) to report earnings on July, 27 before the open. They expect $1.34 EPS, up 179.17% or $0.86 from last year’s $0.48 per share. IDCC’s profit will be $45.47 million for 14.63 P/E if the $1.34 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.93 actual EPS reported by InterDigital, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 44.09% EPS growth. 


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Millennium Management Lifted Its Whole Foods Mkt (WFM) Position by $51.28 Million; As Facebook (FB) Market Valuation Rose, Egerton Capital Uk Llp Has Lowered by $174.26 Million Its Position


TCP Capital (TCPC) Analysts See $0.38 EPS; Hawaiian Holdings Has 1.5 Sentiment


TrueCar (TRUE) Reaches $19.81 After 4.00% Down Move; Ames National (ATLO) Shorts Increased By 2.81%


Papp L Roy & Associates Has Boosted Costco Whsl New (COST) Stake By $1.39 Million, Boston Beer Co Has 1.03 Sentiment


As Anthem (ANTM) Stock Rose, Holder State Of Wisconsin Investment Board Lowered by $4.35 Million Its Position, United Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Amgen (AMGN)


Dynasil of America (DYSL) Trades at $1.20 After Triangle, Syntel Has 0.67 Sentiment


State Of Wisconsin Investment Board Stake in Bristol Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Raised by $7.27 Million; Wolverine Asset Management Has Lowered Royal Caribbean Cruises LTD (RCL) Stake by $384,000; Stock Rose


Anchor Capital Advisors Has Lifted By $763,554 Its Comcast New (CMCSA) Holding, Ameriserv Financial (ASRV) Shorts Lowered By 11.06%


As Salesforce Com (CRM) Stock Rose, Suvretta Capital Management Has Increased Holding; Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Holding Has Upped by Truepoint Inc


National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Reaches $23.07 After 9.00% Up Move, 10 Analysts Are Bullish O’Reilly Automotive (ORLY) Last Week






© Copyright 2011-2017 Flint Daily










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle























﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)


























Euclidean Technologies ®




























































Eliminating Behavioral Biases & Utilizing Machine LearningPioneering Systematic Value InvestingLearn More



Euclidean TechnologiesA pioneering investment management firm that uses machine learning to evaluate individual companies as long-term investments.At Euclidean, public companies are evaluated every day through the lens of history. 



















AboutLearn more about our founders' entrepreneurial history, our team's deep-rooted values, and why we believe our contrarian investment strategy stands out above the crowd.Learn More →Investor LettersTransparent communication is one of our highest priorities. Quarterly letters on the timeless themes that inspire our investment strategy are just one of the ways that we provide transparency for our investors. Learn more → 





































 









Contact — Euclidean Technologies ®





















































Contact






Please reach out anytime you would like to connect. Seattle Office800 5th AvenueSuite 4100Seattle, WA 98104P: 206.839.8586New York Office   1325 Avenue of the Americas28th FloorNew York, NY 10019P: 646.571.1672info@euclidean.com




















Careers — Euclidean Technologies ®





















































CAREERSWe’re bringing innovation and systematic process to long-term equity investing. Want to help?






Working at Euclidean means being part of a close team that values your ideas. We hire innovative and high-energy people who seek new approaches that yield better results. We want people who can see past the blinders built by yesterday’s practices, search for what is true, and contribute energy to the strong partnerships we form with our clients. You should join us.Euclidean's ValuesEuclidean’s Culture is characterized by Mellow Intensity. This dichotomy reflects both our big ambitions and our willingness to take the time to realize those ambitions in the right way. This culture is fostered by the following Euclidean values.







As our team grows, we want visitors to have a good feeling the moment they walk into our offices. We achieve this by fostering a workplace where each individual contributes more energy to the team than they require from others. The result is a high-energy environment that attracts the best people, makes Euclidean a great place to work, and provides a great impression to our visitors, prospects, and clients.







Euclidean was founded on the notion that by learning from large bodies of experience and creating methods of systematically adhering to history’s best lessons, there is an opportunity to deliver superior results. This process of looking for the new answers and creating methods for embedding new findings into our process will never end. We therefore value individuals who are passionate about new methods of searching for truth and who constantly question beliefs others hold on to as self-evident.







We recognize that the great work we do and the environment we enjoy would not be possible without maintaining the right to serve our clients. Therefore, we value putting energy into delivering not only great results but also a great client experience. This experience involves aligning our incentives with our clients’ goals, proactively keeping them connected to our thinking, quickly responding to any question they raise, and always behaving in a manner consistent with a commitment re-earn the right to serve them each and every day.







Both our team and our clients will make better decisions when they are informed about our beliefs, process, results and decisions. This is why we work hard to thoughtfully provide as much information about these topics as possible.







We are conscious of the debt we owe to our communities, without whom Euclidean could not exist. We also believe that by giving back – be it via supporting a local non-profit, serving on the board of a school, or helping an entrepreneur launch a new business – that our teammates not only strengthen their communities, they build skills, establish relationships, and develop new ideas that help them grow and contribute at a higher level. We therefore encourage our team members to spend the equivalent of one day every month outside of Euclidean, contributing to their communities. Sound like a perfect fit?If you are interested in opportunities at Euclidean, please send your resume to careers@euclidean.com




















Book Reviews — Euclidean Technologies ®


















































Book and Movie Reviews by EuclideanValue Investing Blog     |     Machine Learning Blog   |     Book and Movie ReviewsBrowse our book and movie reviews below, subscribe to future posts and always reach out to us if you have any questions or comments.THE BIG SHORT | MICHAEL LEWIS  












 THE INTELLIGENT INVESTOR | BENJAMIN GRAHAM









THE LITTLE BOOK THAT BEATS THE MARKET | JOEL GREENBLATT









 THE ESSAYS OF WARREN BUFFETT | LAWRENCE CUNNINGHAM









THINKING, FAST AND SLOW|  DANIEL KAHNEMAN









   


      
        Subscribe to Posts
      
    


Subscribe to Euclidean's Investor Letters & Blog Posts




 *



                  First Name



                  Last Name



 *



Subscribe *
 All of Euclidean's Investor Letters & Data Posts
 Only to Euclidean's Data Posts
 Only to Euclidean's Investor Letters





We look forward to connecting with you!

























Machine Learning - Blog Posts — Euclidean Technologies ®


















































Machine Learning PostsValue Investing Blog     |     Machine Learning Blog   |     Book and Movie ReviewsBrowse our data post archive below, subscribe to future posts and always reach out to us if you have any questions or comments.DEEP LEARNING AND LONG-TERM INVESTING: PART 1









 DEEP LEARNING AND LONG-TERM INVESTING: PART 2









DEEP LEARNING AND LONG-TERM INVESTING: PART 3









  DEEP LEARNING AND SYSTEMATIC VALUE INVESTING









 MACHINE LEARNING AND EQUITY INVESTING









WHAT IS MACHINE LEARNING AND WHY ARE COMPANIES USING IT?









 R, caret, and Parameter Tuning C5.0









Class distribution plots for machine learning in R and ggplot2









 


      
        Subscribe to Posts
      
    


Subscribe to Euclidean's Investor Letters & Data Posts




 *



                  First Name



                  Last Name



 *



Subscribe *
 All of Euclidean's Investor Letters & Data Posts
 Only to Euclidean's Data Posts
 Only to Euclidean's Investor Letters





We look forward to connecting with you!

























Founders — Euclidean Technologies ®


















































Before Michael Seckler and John Alberg created Euclidean, they founded and spent over a decade building one of the first software-as-a-service companies, Employease.  The company delivered 36 consecutive quarters of revenue growth prior to being acquired by Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) for $160 million in 2006.Mike and John started Euclidean because, with the sale of their company, they faced hard questions about how to manage their hard-earned money.  They were not comfortable with the short-term focus, risks of leverage, misaligned incentives, and reliance on qualitative analysis that in various combinations characterize today’s asset management options.  Instead, they wanted a way to invest that could be process-driven, protected from human behavioral swings, and grounded in timeless lessons for evaluating public companies as potential long-term investments.Fortunately for Euclidean, many others also feel the same way. MORE ON OUR FOUNDERS' HISTORY







Michael and John met in 1991 at Williams College in Massachusetts while pursuing their undergraduate degrees in Geology and History (Mike) and Mathematics (John).







After both spending their first year out of college working in the business consulting industry...







...they realized that the Internet had the potential to completely alter the cost, sophistication, and accessibility of business software such as human resources, finance, and sales force automation applications.







This led them to co-found Employease, one of the first Software-as-a-Services companies. 







Mike, John, and an incredible team built Employease over ten years, achieving 36 sequential quarters of revenue growth prior to the company’s acquisition by ADP for $160 million.







Today Mike and John manage Euclidean Technologies. After building a single company for over a decade, Euclidean allows John and Mike to engage their enthusiasm for and knowledge of businesses to the investigation of many companies in diverse industries.




















Login — Euclidean Technologies ®















































You are now leaving the Euclidean Technologies Management, L.L.C. website. Click here to be redirected immediately. Euclidean Technologies Management, L.L.C, is not responsible for any third party website, and our linking to any such site is not an adoption, approval or acceptance of any information contained on any such site. 





















						Euclidean Technologies Management Lifted Its Gamestop New (GME) Position; 1 Analysts Covering Vertex Energy (VTNR) - Flint Daily								







 































































Finance
Business
Stock News
Penny Stock News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy






Euclidean Technologies Management Lifted Its Gamestop New (GME) Position; 1 Analysts Covering Vertex Energy (VTNR)

July 25, 2017 - By wolcottdaily

Among 3 analysts covering Vertex Energy (NASDAQ:VTNR), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 33% are positive. Vertex Energy had 3 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. As per Wednesday, October 5, the company rating was initiated by Roth Capital. As per Friday, May 20, the company rating was upgraded by Craig Hallum. Imperial Capital downgraded it to “In-Line” rating and $2.30 target in Wednesday, July 22 report. See Vertex Energy Inc (NASDAQ:VTNR) latest ratings:
Euclidean Technologies Management Llc increased Gamestop Corp New (GME) stake by 18.06% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Euclidean Technologies Management Llc acquired 12,803 shares as Gamestop Corp New (GME)’s stock declined 5.28%. The Euclidean Technologies Management Llc holds 83,703 shares with $2.11M value, up from 70,900 last quarter. Gamestop Corp New now has $2.15B valuation. The stock increased 2.21% or $0.46 on July 25, reaching $21.26. About 1.62 million shares traded. GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) has declined 15.17% since July 25, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 31.87% the S&P500.







The stock decreased 2.02% or $0.02 on July 25, reaching $0.97. About 28,252 shares traded. Vertex Energy Inc (NASDAQ:VTNR) has declined 29.58% since July 25, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 46.28% the S&P500.
Vertex Energy, Inc. is an environmental services firm that recycles industrial waste streams and off-specification commercial chemical products. The company has market cap of $29.97 million. The Firm focuses on recycling used motor oil and other petroleum by-products. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s divisions include the Black Oil, Refining and Marketing, and Recovery divisions.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.97 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.11, from 0.86 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 56 investors sold GME shares while 100 reduced holdings. 48 funds opened positions while 103 raised stakes. 98.80 million shares or 7.08% less from 106.32 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. New Jersey Better Educational Savings has invested 0.45% in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME). 198,747 are owned by American Intll Group. Alliancebernstein Limited Partnership has 0.01% invested in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) for 428,586 shares. 6.23M are owned by Iridian Asset Lc Ct. France-based Exane Derivatives has invested 0% in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME). Morgan Stanley has invested 0.01% in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME). Pennsylvania-based Stevens Capital LP has invested 0.03% in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME). Freestone Limited Liability Com invested in 0% or 134 shares. Midas Mngmt Corp reported 51,500 shares or 0.61% of all its holdings. American Assets Inv Limited Com invested in 121,560 shares. Invesco Ltd owns 64,398 shares. Kennedy Cap Management reported 249,269 shares. Raymond James & Assocs has 0.01% invested in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME). Moody National Bank & Trust Tru Division holds 16,950 shares. Cubist Systematic Strategies Ltd Liability Corporation holds 0.02% of its portfolio in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) for 10,851 shares.
Euclidean Technologies Management Llc decreased Capella Education Company (NASDAQ:CPLA) stake by 9,954 shares to 30,281 valued at $2.66M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Strayer Ed Inc (NASDAQ:STRA) stake by 14,272 shares and now owns 27,123 shares. Preformed Line Prods Co (NASDAQ:PLPC) was reduced too. 


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning Decreased Oracle (ORCL) Position, Armour Residential Reit (ARR) SI Increased By 31.31%


Quaker Chemical (KWR) Reaches $153.09 52-Week High, Aramark (ARMK) Shorts Raised By 14.41%


Adell Harriman & Carpenter Trimmed Centurylink (CTL) Holding by $697,268; Share Value Rose, Huntington Steele Has Lowered Its Kinder Morgan Del Com (KMI) Stake by $393,900; Shares Declined


CBOE Holdings, (CBOE) Reaches $94.53 52-Week High, AGGREKO PLC (ARGKF) Shorts Increased By 4.03%


Suffolk Capital Management Decreased Its Nxp Semiconductors Nv (NXPI) Holding; Profile of 6 Analysts Covering Natera (NTRA)


Analysts See $0.74 EPS for SCANA (SCG); TransUnion (TRU) Covered By 10 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft Decreased Groupon (GRPN) Position By $1.01 Million; 2 Bullish Analysts Covering AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO)


RBC Bearings (ROLL) Analysts See $0.81 EPS, Enersys (ENS) Has 1.03 Sentiment


Cambridge Advisors Has Decreased Its Caterpillar Del (CAT) Stake as Valuation Rose, Lowes Cos (LOW) Stock Rose While Beaumont Financial Partners Decreased Stake by $561,539


Hwg Holdings LP Position in Buckeye Partners LP Unitltd P (BPL) Has Cut as Stock Value Declined; As Visa (V) Valuation Rose, Beaumont Financial Partners Has Boosted by $449,436 Its Stake






© Copyright 2011-2017 Flint Daily










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle






























						Euclidean Technologies Management Decreased Its Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) Stake, Shorts at Oncosec Medical (ONCS) Raised By 4.06% - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Euclidean Technologies Management Decreased Its Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) Stake, Shorts at Oncosec Medical (ONCS) Raised By 4.06%


					
						July 27, 2017 - By Peter Erickson

 Oncosec Medical (NASDAQ:ONCS) had an increase of 4.06% in short interest. ONCS’s SI was 1.85 million shares in July as released by FINRA. Its up 4.06% from 1.78 million shares previously. With 189,700 avg volume, 10 days are for Oncosec Medical (NASDAQ:ONCS)’s short sellers to cover ONCS’s short positions. The SI to Oncosec Medical’s float is 9.78%. About 197,988 shares traded or 78.22% up from the average. OncoSec Medical Inc (NASDAQ:ONCS) has declined 34.57% since July 27, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 51.27% the S&P500.







Euclidean Technologies Management Llc decreased Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC) stake by 21.52% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Euclidean Technologies Management Llc sold 10,424 shares as Preformed Line Prods Co (PLPC)’s stock declined 6.05%. The Euclidean Technologies Management Llc holds 38,023 shares with $2.21M value, down from 48,447 last quarter. Preformed Line Prods Co now has $245.82 million valuation. The stock declined 0.56% or $0.27 reaching $48.03 per share. About 1,951 shares traded. Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) has risen 22.89% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.19% the S&P500.
OncoSec Medical Incorporated is a biotechnology company. The company has market cap of $21.61 million. The Firm is focused on designing, developing and commercializing gene therapies, therapeutics and medical approaches to stimulate an anti-tumor immune response for the treatment of cancer. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse IL-12, consists of a plasmid construct encoding the proinflammatory cytokine, IL-12, which is delivered into the tumor through in vivo electroporation.
Among 4 analysts covering OncoSec Medical (NASDAQ:ONCS), 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 100% are positive. OncoSec Medical had 7 analyst reports since March 9, 2016 according to SRatingsIntel. H.C. Wainwright maintained it with “Buy” rating and $17 target in Wednesday, March 9 report. On Monday, June 12 the stock rating was maintained by H.C. Wainwright with “Buy”. The stock has “Buy” rating by Maxim Group on Thursday, June 8. On Friday, June 2 the stock rating was maintained by H.C. Wainwright with “Buy”. On Tuesday, June 13 the stock rating was maintained by Noble Financial with “Buy”. The stock has “Buy” rating by Maxim Group on Friday, June 2. The company was reinitiated on Thursday, July 21 by Rodman & Renshaw.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.27 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.90, from 2.17 in 2016Q3. It fall, as 3 investors sold PLPC shares while 19 reduced holdings. 10 funds opened positions while 18 raised stakes. 2.25 million shares or 27.08% less from 3.08 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. California State Teachers Retirement Sys has 0% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Pnc Gp reported 31,546 shares stake. Wells Fargo & Company Mn has invested 0% in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Rhumbline Advisers invested in 0% or 4,692 shares. Tfs Cap Ltd Liability Corporation reported 3,460 shares or 0.05% of all its holdings. Bridgeway Cap Mgmt Inc holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 10,689 shares. Geode Capital Management holds 0% of its portfolio in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 17,778 shares. Lsv Asset Mgmt owns 72,902 shares. Moreover, Prelude Ltd Company has 0.01% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 1,246 shares. Morgan Stanley holds 7,419 shares. Nationwide Fund Advisors owns 0% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 1,868 shares. Northern Trust invested 0% in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC). Bnp Paribas Arbitrage Sa has 0% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 35 shares. D L Carlson Investment Inc owns 0.16% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC) for 8,000 shares. Retail Bank Of Mellon has 0% invested in Preformed Line Products Company (NASDAQ:PLPC).








By Peter Erickson
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Analysts See $-0.19 EPS for ChemoCentryx (CCXI), Abb Limited Zuerich (ABB) Shorts Increased By 18.96%


Analysts See $0.47 EPS for BWX Technologies (BWXT); Profile of 1 Analysts Covering DigitalGlobe (DGI)


Timessquare Capital Management Lifted By $12.36 Million Its Cynosure  (Cl A) (CYNO) Stake, Ishares Msci Emerging Markets ET (NYSEARCA:EEM) Shorts Up By 0.05%


$0.08 EPS Expected for Amplify Snack Brands (BETR), 6 Bullish Analysts Covering Banco Santander, S.A. (ADR) (SAN)


Baidu (NDAQ:BIDU) Gets Cantor Fitzgerald Higher Rating; Proshare Advisors Raised Its Hologic (HOLX) Holding


Sii Investments Lowered Bristol Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Holding, New Jersey Resources (NJR) Covered By 2 Bullish Analysts Last Week


Sii Investments Has Lifted United Technologies (UTX) Holding By $810,306, 17 Analysts Bullish KeyCorp (KEY)


Celgene (NDAQ:CELG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus; With $155.00 Target, Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings New (AAWW) Shorts Raised By 0.59%


Stifel Nicolaus Gives Hawaiian Holdings (NDAQ:HA) $40.00 Target, 3 Analysts Bullish Volution Group PLC (LON:FAN)


$0.01 EPS Expected for BrightPath Early Learning (BPE), Disciplined Growth Investors Has Decreased Cabelas Com (CAB) Holding







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact



















Misunderstanding Buffett — Euclidean Technologies ®

























   


























 «Q1


      
        Subscribe to Investor Letters
      
    


Subscribe to Euclidean's Investor Letters








                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email











Q3» Misunderstanding Buffett{ Euclidean Q2 2014 Letter }







At Euclidean, we aspire to become widely recognized as the most thoughtful and high-performing practitioners of history-based, systematic value investing.  Given our mission, we feel it is important that we comment on new research and developments that relate to our area of focus.Last year, researchers at a prominent money management firm named AQR published a paper that considered how one might construct a quantitative model emulating the way Warren Buffett has selected his investments and generated attractive long-term returns.  As we believe their conclusions do not represent how Warren Buffett actually invests, we decided to review his investment approach in light of AQR’s paper and consider how we might have approached building a "Buffett Model" in a different way.In this letter, we share these thoughts in addition to providing details on the Fund’s performance and portfolio.2014 YTD PerformanceFor the year-to-date through June, Euclidean Fund I, LP has returned -4.2% in the context of the S&P 500, delivering a total return of +7.1%.  Since its inception in August 2008, our partnership has returned 83.9% net of fees, comprised almost entirely of long-term capital gains, while the S&P 500’s total return has been 73.0%.  These gains translate into annualized compounded net returns of 10.9% and 9.7%, respectively. [1]  Our YTD returns reflect that certain of our holdings have delivered poor operating results and set low expectations during the first half of the year.  Our process has us investing in companies that have delivered good operating results in the past but are now surrounded by pessimism and therefore offered at low prices.  When the market offers lower prices for current holdings that remain highly ranked by our process, we generally invest more in them.  When other holdings’ fundamentals evolve such that our process no longer finds them to be attractive investments, we sell those holdings according to our portfolio management rules. We believe that our portfolio is attractively priced in relation to our companies’ long-term fundamentals and that this bodes well for delivering the long-term performance you count on from Euclidean.AQR’s Quantitative Approach to Warren Buffett-Style InvestingIn late 2013, researchers at AQR, a prominent money management firm based in Connecticut, sought to demonstrate that they could replicate Warren Buffett’s historical returns at Berkshire Hathaway by using a quantitative model.  The AQR team built this model using factors they feel closely align with Mr. Buffett’s investment style.  They attempted to show that their Buffett Model for weighting stocks across the equity universe, when deployed with 1.6X leverage, can explain much of Berkshire Hathaway’s historical performance.  We encourage you to review the paper. [2]ContextAQR’s Buffett Model builds on a long lineage of research initiated by Eugene Fama and Kenneth French.  The starting point of their work was the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) and the hypothesis that, as markets are efficient, greater returns can only be achieved by taking on greater risk.  Risk in the CAPM — and to efficient market adherents — is defined as beta, or the volatility of investment returns when compared to the market.Fama and others noted outperformance in certain investment strategies that could not be explained solely through the use of beta, and so they searched for other factors that helped explain their observations.  One of their findings was called the "value factor," which showed that by weighing companies with high ratios of book value (shareholders’ equity) to market value (market capitalization), one could explain a large portion of the excess returns not captured solely through the use of beta as measured against the market.  Another finding was that smaller companies tended to deliver higher returns than larger companies, and that these excess returns could not be explained using beta alone. By augmenting the CAPM with the value and size factors to create a new "three-factor" model, Fama and others felt they could better explain historical market returns.  In their minds, there should be very few sustainable sources of outperformance against a benchmark constructed using these three factors. One substantial challenge to their views, however, was that Warren Buffett’s returns and the returns delivered by certain other value investors from the Graham-Dodd school of investing were persistently stronger than could be explained by the three-factor model.  As a result, researchers at AQR attempted to augment this model to see if they could explain Berkshire Hathaway’s historical performance.  AQR’s Buffett Model – Core AssumptionsFor the purpose of this letter, we would like to summarize four core attributes of the AQR model and contrast them with how we perceive Buffett actually invests, thus highlighting ways we think AQR’s model could be improved.  The first attribute consists of Fama’s original "value" factor.  The other three represent, in part, how these researchers augmented Fama’s three-factor model in an attempt to emulate Buffett’s returns.  Our understanding of these four characteristics of the AQR model can be summarized as: Value: Defined as the ratio of a company’s book value to its market value.Quality: Defined as the composite of a variety of features, including profitability measured in multiple ways and the proportion of earnings paid out to shareholders, all viewed in the context of a company’s growth, volatility of returns, and balance sheet leverage.  Companies with high marks on this composite are considered quality companies and are given positive weights in AQR’s simulated portfolios.  Companies with low marks are considered junk companies and are given negative weights.  This factor is termed Quality Minus Junk.Betting-Against-Beta: Building on research that suggests low-volatility stocks have produced higher risk-adjusted returns than high-volatility stocks, the AQR researchers adopted a factor termed Betting-Against-Beta.  In this context, companies with high betas (high volatility in their share prices) are given negative weights.  Companies with low betas are given positive weights. Leverage: Berkshire operates with leverage in the form of deferred taxes and low-cost insurance float.  What AQR found is that if a model constructed on the above three factors is leveraged by 1.6X, it would show similar historical returns to those realized by Berkshire Hathaway from 1976 to the present. They found Berkshire’s actual historical leverage to be generally consistent with 1.6X.Using these attributes and several others, the AQR model constructs what would effectively be a long-short portfolio representing hundreds of positions.  Some companies across these factors would have net positive weights, and thus the AQR model would have a long-position in those companies.  Other companies would have net negative weights across these factors, and AQR would be effectively short those companies.   With this model, as these holdings would be periodically rebalanced to reflect companies’ shifting fundamentals and prices, AQR can estimate the returns this model would have achieved in the past.  When these returns are amplified by 1.6X leverage, the AQR model shows estimated returns that resemble Berkshire’s superior record. Our Sense of How Buffett Actually InvestsWe do not believe Buffett invests in the manner described by AQR.  Moreover, we believe one could do very well with a model that reflects qualities Buffett actually uses and articulates in his letters to Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders.  Doing so might also address a potentially dangerous conclusion from the AQR paper: that one should lever-up a "Buffett-like" portfolio by 1.6X to do well over time. Our hypothesis is this: Except when managing very large amounts of capital (as Berkshire now must do), one could demonstrate simulated returns approaching AQR’s results without the extreme leverage requirement.  After sharing our thoughts on how Buffett’s actual investment style differs from the selected AQR assumptions, we introduce how one could test this hypothesis.   ValueAQR’s value factor (the ratio of a company’s book value to market value) is a remarkably crude measure for assessing whether a company’s shares are being offered for more or less than they are worth. Perhaps this is why Buffett talks about book value as a measure of limited worth when estimating the intrinsic value of a business. [3]  After all, book value reveals very little about the operations of a company; it makes no distinction between a pile of cash and a company with productive assets, great products, and loyal customers. Instead, when evaluating intrinsic value, Buffett focuses on understanding the amount of cash that a business can generate and distribute to its owners.  He calls this concept owner-earnings and, in Berkshire’s 1986 letter to shareholders, he writes: "These represent (a) reported earnings plus (b) depreciation, depletion, amortization, and certain other non-cash charges...less (c) the average annual amount of capitalized expenditures for plant and equipment, etc. that the business requires to fully maintain its long-term competitive position and its unit volume.... Our owner-earnings equation does not yield the deceptively precise figures provided by GAAP, since (c) must be a guess - and one sometimes very difficult to make. Despite this problem, we consider the owner earnings figure, not the GAAP figure, to be the relevant item for valuation purposes."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1986.Because estimations of a company’s future owner earnings are always approximate and imprecise, Buffett repeatedly discusses the importance of looking for opportunities with wide margins of safety.  In his 1992 letter, Buffett writes:"We insist on a margin of safety in our purchase price.  If we calculate the value of a common stock to be only slightly higher than its price, we're not interested in buying.  We believe this margin-of-safety principle, so strongly emphasized by Ben Graham, to be the cornerstone of investment success."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1992.In our own research and simulations, we found that buying companies at very low-prices in relation to their demonstrated earning power would have yielded better results than using book-to-market and other commonly referenced ratios for ranking companies as potential investments.  Perhaps AQR’s Buffett Model could become more robust by swapping the traditional Fama value factor for one that embraces the owner-earnings measure and margin-of-safety principle that Buffett describes as being at the core of his investment approach.QualityWhen assessing the quality of a business, AQR employs quite a few metrics that collectively assess a company’s profitability, growth, safety, and payout ratio.  Certainly Buffett cares deeply about the quality of the businesses he owns.  For any given company, we expect he would want to understand much of what AQR includes in its quality assessment.We believe, however, that one does not need to take a “kitchen sink” approach to defining business quality and that doing so may actually dilute what is most important.  In fact, Buffett seems to approach the question of business quality in a much simpler way:  "Leaving the question of price aside, the best business to own is one that over an extended period can employ large amounts of incremental capital at very high rates of return. The worst business to own is one that must, or will, do the opposite – that is, consistently employ ever-greater amounts of capital at very low rates of return."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1992.In the context of thinking like a whole owner, we believe that Buffett cares deeply about the magnitude and resiliency of a company’s long-term return on capital.  Return on capital is simply the relationship between the earnings a company generates and the amount of capital tied up in its business.  For example, a company that can consistently deliver $0.20 for every $1 in capital employed would show a robust 20% return on capital.  To Buffett, this would be a higher quality business than another that delivered a lesser yield or showed deteriorating, or inconsistent, returns on capital.  Moreover, this yield relationship between earnings and invested capital allows Buffett to view a prospective investment in relation to all other potential uses for capital, be it the purchase of real estate, a bond, shares in a public company, or — in his role as Berkshire’s CEO — the various operating divisions of Berkshire Hathaway. In this context of return on capital, concepts in AQR’s model — such as a company’s payout ratio or its rate of growth — can be good or bad.  From a long-term investor’s perspective, neither of these alternatives (to reinvest or pay out earnings) proves to be inherently better than the other; instead, our research supports what common sense might suggest:  A company is most effective when it deploys capital at the highest rate of return.  That returns on capital trump growth and payout ratio in Buffett’s analysis seems to be supported by the following quotes:"You should wish your earnings to be reinvested if they can be expected to earn high returns, and you should wish them paid to you if low returns are the likely outcome of reinvestment."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1984.And:"Growth benefits investors only when the business in point can invest at incremental returns that are enticing - in other words, only when each dollar used to finance the growth creates over a dollar of long-term market value. In the case of a low return business requiring incremental funds, growth hurts the investor."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1992.In a linear model, such as what AQR employs, growth and payout ratio are considered increasingly "good" as they increase in value.  However, as Buffett describes, things are not so simple or linear in reality.  Perhaps exploring the non-linear relationships between measures of growth, payout ratio, and profitability could yield powerful insights that would allow one to more closely emulate the trade-offs Buffett describes.  At the very least, adopting a quality measure that focuses more directly on the persistency and magnitude of a company’s return on capital could reduce the complexity of the AQR model while also increasing alignment with Buffett’s investment style.  Beta as RiskWe wonder if anyone who thinks Buffett employs a "Betting-Against-Beta" strategy or that he even considers the beta of a stock when investing has ever heard a word he's said.  Buffett thinks like a business owner and whether he owns 100% of a company or just a few shares, his mindset is that he has a claim on the long-term economics of that business.  Thus, for Buffett, beta — the relative volatility of a company’s share price — matters only in the sense that it reflects the stock market’s tendency to periodically provide opportunities to purchase good companies at attractive prices. This view is well articulated in the section titled Common Stock Investments in his 1993 letter to Berkshire’s shareholders.  We excerpt a small section here but encourage you to read the section in its entirety. "Academics, however, like to define investment "risk" differently, averring that it is the relative volatility of a stock or portfolio of stocks - that is, their volatility as compared to that of a large universe of stocks… For owners of a business - and that's the way we think of shareholders - the academics' definition of risk is far off the mark, so much so that it produces absurdities.  For example, under beta-based theory, a stock that has dropped very sharply compared to the market - as had the Washington Post when we bought it in 1973 - becomes "riskier" at the lower price than it was at the higher price.  Would that description have then made any sense to someone who was offered the entire company at a vastly-reduced price?In fact, the true investor welcomes volatility… a wildly fluctuating market means that irrationally low prices will periodically be attached to solid businesses.  It is impossible to see how the availability of such prices can be thought of as increasing the hazards for an investor who is totally free to either ignore the market or exploit its folly."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1993.With these words and his allusions to Benjamin Graham’s Mr. Market [4] over the decades, our sense is that any true effort to model Buffett’s investment activity must exclude beta when evaluating potential investments.  Price volatility has meaning to Buffett only when the market provides the opportunity to either buy a quality company at such a discount that there is an acceptable a margin of safety or sell a company at a fulsome price.  Those opportunities are already captured in the interplay between the concepts of value and quality previously discussed. Long-Short Portfolio Construction and 1.6X LeverageAcross the various factors of the AQR model, some companies have net positive weights, and thus the AQR model would have a long-position in those companies.  Other companies have net negative weights across these factors, and AQR would be effectively short those companies.  The AQR paper explains that the long-only back-test of their model shows worse performance than their long-short construction.  The implication is that, in order to adhere to the AQR model and aspire to the results they present, you would need to manage a portfolio that has hundreds of positions, both long and short. But what could be further from how Buffett invests?  We see no evidence in his letters that Buffett has established short positions; instead, we find that he has done well with a fairly concentrated long-only portfolio of wholly and partially owned companies.  In this context, AQR’s approach has engineered a replication of Buffett’s performance that seems to materially deviate from the cause-and-effect relationship underlying Buffett’s long-term success, which could be summarized as: (CAUSE) selective and sustained investing in good companies when offered at low prices yields (EFFECT) good long-term investment results.Adding to this concern is the big difference between the relatively low-risk leverage Berkshire enjoys with insurance float or deferred income taxes and the high-risk leverage that comes when investing on margin.  If, in fact, one must invest in public stocks with 1.6X leverage to achieve Buffett-style returns, then attempting to execute on AQR’s findings seems like a risky proposition in any respect.  Buffett sums this point up well in his 2010 letter:"Unquestionably, some people have become very rich through the use of borrowed money. However, that's also been a way to get very poor. When leverage works, it magnifies your gains. Your spouse thinks you're clever, and your neighbors get envious. But leverage is addictive. Once having profited from its wonders, very few people retreat to more conservative practices. And as we all learned in third grade - and some relearned in 2008 - any series of positive numbers, however impressive the numbers may be, evaporates when multiplied by a single zero. History tells us that leverage all too often produces zeroes, even when it is employed by very smart people."- Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 2010.We believe that if AQR more closely modeled how Buffett actually invests, they would not need to use 1.6X leverage to demonstrate the returns they seek; at least not until their fund had an amount of capital similar to Berkshire's (currently in excess of $200B) to manage and compound.  It is important to remember that Buffett did quite well as an investor without leverage during the 1950s, 60s and early 70s — the days of the Berkshire Partnership and before Berkshire Hathaway had a substantial insurance operation providing the relatively low-risk leverage Berkshire has more recently employed.Another Way to Build a Buffett ModelWhen seeking insight from historical data, it is important to keep in mind the difference between correlation and causation.  Quantitative analysis yields sustainable insight only when it identifies explainable cause-and-effect relationships that are likely to persist into the future.  Warren Buffett has provided an incredible body of work in his letters to investors regarding how he invests. The concepts at the core of his approach include owner-earnings, margin-of-safety, Mr. Market, return on capital, and low-risk approaches to leverage.  These concepts have enabled him to find good companies offered at good prices (the cause) and deliver strong long-term investment returns (the effect). If you believe that the future will resemble the past such that one could do well by pursuing the same cause-and-effect relationships underlying Buffett’s long-term success, then crafting your investment style after his makes sense. We feel, however, that the AQR approach deviates very far from Buffett’s investment principles.  Perhaps AQR found some other source of sustainable outperformance, but have they found the cause-and-effect relationships behind why Buffett has done well over time?  We do not believe so.  We believe that one can borrow from Buffett’s methodology to create successful approaches to systematic investing.  We would propose an alternative characterized by the following differences from the AQR model:We would begin with the principles of intrinsic value, margin-of-safety, and return on capital that most closely align with Buffett’s well-documented investment philosophy.We would use more sophisticated tools than the linear regression techniques employed by AQR. Today, tools like Machine Learning allow for exploration of a much larger universe of both linear and non-linear models. We believe that these tools allow for the possibility of finding models that better emulate the subtleties of Buffett-style investing. For example, as shown earlier, Buffett writes in his letters that growth and payout ratio are not necessarily good or bad, with the answer depending on the context of the company’s returns on capital.  Non-linear models provide the flexibility to find subtle but potentially crucial trade-offs between a company’s various operating qualities that Buffett may have found helpful when investing.    We would make a greater effort to verify the cause-and-effect relationships underlying our results.  To this end, we would perform out-of-sample testing to validate that the factors and models that appear successful during one period of history are not the result of chance correlations. Much like in school, the goal should not be memorizing answers to specific questions; rather, it should be the comprehension of important principles that allow one to solve future problems.  By learning the best way to express Buffett’s investment principles on a subset of companies from the past and then testing those insights on new companies, we would evaluate whether we found random correlations in the data that are unlikely to persist or whether we were on track to uncover the seemingly timeless cause-and-effect relationships underlying Warren Buffett’s long-term success.*****We greatly value the privilege of managing a portion of your hard-earned assets and want you to be an informed Euclidean Investor.  We are available to discuss the content shared here, individual positions in our portfolio, or any questions you might have.  Please call us at any time.  We enjoy hearing from you. Best Regards,John & Mike

back to letters



      
        Subscribe To Letters
      
    


Subscribe to Euclidean's Investor Letters








                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email






We look forward to connecting with you!








[1]  All returns are purely historical and are no indication of future performance.[2] “Buffett’s Alpha,” by Andrea Frazzini, David Kabiller, and Lasse Heje Pedersen, November 2013.[3] “Intrinsic value can be defined simply: It is the discounted value of the cash that can be taken out of a business during its remaining life... we regularly report our per-share book value, an easily calculable number, though one of limited use. The limitations do not arise from our holdings of marketable securities, which are carried on our books at their current prices. Rather the inadequacies of book value have to do with the companies we control, whose values as stated on our books may be far different from their intrinsic values.” -Berkshire Hathaway Owner’s Manual, Warren Buffett, June 1996.[4] See Letter to Berkshire Shareholders, Warren Buffett, 1987.







We share these numbers because they are easy-to-communicate measures that show the results of our systematic process for buying shares in historically sound companies when their earnings are on sale. [5] [6]It is important to note that Euclidean uses similar concepts but different measures to assess individual companies as potential investments.  Our models look at certain metrics over longer periods and seek to understand their volatility and rate of growth.  Our process also makes a series of adjustments to company financial statements that our research has found to more accurately assess results, makes complex trade-offs between measures, and so on.  These numbers should, however, give you a sense of what you own as a Euclidean Investor.  In general, higher numbers for these measures are more attractive.  The key measures are:Earnings Yield – This measures how inexpensive a company is in relation to its demonstrated ability to generate cash for its owners. A company with twice the earnings yield as another is half as expensive; therefore, all else being equal, we seek companies with very high Earnings Yields.  Earnings Yield reflects a company’s past four-year average earnings before interest and tax, divided by its current enterprise value (enterprise value = market value + debt – cash).Return on Capital – This measures how well a company has historically generated cash for its owners in relation to how much capital has been invested (equity and long-term debt) in the business.  At its highest level, this measure reflects two important things.  First, it is an indicator of whether a company’s business is efficient at deploying capital in a way that generates additional income for its shareholders.  Second, it indicates whether management has good discipline in deciding what to do with the cash it generates.  For example, all else being equal, companies that overpay for acquisitions, or retain more capital than they can productively deploy, will show lower returns on capital than businesses that do the opposite.  Return on Capital reflects a company’s four-year average earnings before interest and tax, divided by its current equity + long-term debt. Equity / Assets – This measures how much of a company’s assets can be claimed by its common shareholders versus being claimed by others.  High numbers here imply that the company owns a large portion of its figurative “house” and, all else being equal, indicates a better readiness to weather tough times.Revenue Growth Rate – This is the annualized rate a company has grown over the past four years.  


[5] All Euclidean measures are formed by summing the values of Euclidean’s pro-rata share of each portfolio company’s financials.  That is, if Euclidean owns 1% of a company’s shares, it first calculates 1% of that company’s market value, revenue, debt, assets, earnings, and so on.  Then, it sums those numbers with its pro-rata share of all other portfolio companies.  This provides the total revenue, assets, earnings, etc. across the portfolio that are used to calculate the portfolio’s aggregate measures presented here. 

[6] The S&P 500 measures are calculated in a similar way as described above.  The market values, revenue, debt, assets, earnings, etc., for each company in the S&P 500 are added together.  Those aggregate numbers are then used to calculate the metrics above.  For example, the earnings yield of the S&P 500 is calculated as the total average four-year earnings before interest and taxes across all 500 companies divided by those companies’ collective enterprise values (all 500 companies’ market values + cash – debt). Euclidean’s Largest Holdings as of June 30, 2014We provide this information because many of you have expressed an interest in talking through individual positions as a means of better understanding how our investment process seeks value. In our last letter, we wrote that 22.5% of the Fund’s capital was invested in the for-profit education industry as of March 31, 2014.  As of the end of 2014’s second quarter, that concentration no longer exceeds 20%. We are available to discuss these holdings with you at your convenience.  We are happy to explain both why our models have found these companies to be attractive as well as our sense of why the market has been pessimistic about their future prospects. Euclidean’s Ten largest positions as of June 30, 2014 (in alphabetical order)Apollo Education Group – APOLAvnet – AVTBig Lots – BIGDeVry Education Group – DVHumana – HUMLiquidity Services – LQDTMagellan Healthcare – MGLNNational Presto Industries – NPKNetgear – NTGRUSANA Health Sciences – USNA




























  iPage      iPage Powerful Web Hosting and Domain Names for Home and Business       Web Hosting Features Why iPage Do Your Homework Promote iPage Help Center     Log In      Return to Home Page    This site is temporarily unavailable If you manage this site and have a question about why the site is not available, please contact iPage directly.        Web Hosting  Essential Hosting  Blogging Domain Registration   Products & Services  Website Management Domain Services Email Services E-Commerce Services Scripting & Add-ons Marketing Services      Help Center  Knowledgebase User Guide Website Help Domain Help Email Help Support Tickets    Why iPage  Do Your Homework! About Us Green Partnership Programs Community Directory Contact Us      Customer Tools  Control Panel WebMail Login Help Center         ©  iPage. All rights reserved.    Terms of Service Privacy Sitemap Website Hosting      
﻿







Euclidean Technologies Management Llc – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Euclidean Technologies Management Llc 

Euclidean Technologies Management Llc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Euclidean Technologies Management Llc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/euclidean-technologies-management-llc/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$97,275,000Previous Mkt Value:$93,372,000Chg Mkt Value %:4.18 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:6.18 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:6Additional Purchases:11Sold out:4Reduced:20Top 10 Holdings %:23.86%






Euclidean Technologies Management Llc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    CRAI - CRA INTL INC		

                    CRAI		

                    2,656		

                    99,897		

                    2.73		

                    2.70		

                    2.38		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    INDUSTRIALS		

                    0.18		



                    2		

                    BBY - BEST BUY INC		

                    BBY		

                    2,406		

                    63,008		

                    2.47		

                    2.06		

                    2.15		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY		

                    0.39		



                    3		

                    AXE - ANIXTER INTL INC		

                    AXE		

                    2,350		

                    36,439		

                    2.42		

                    2.08		

                    2.10		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.26		



                    4		

                    CPLA - CAPELLA EDUCATION COMPANY		

                    CPLA		

                    2,335		

                    40,235		

                    2.40		

                    2.27		

                    2.09		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    ENERGY		

                    0.06		



                    5		

                    DECK - DECKERS OUTDOOR CORP		

                    DECK		

                    2,301		

                    38,645		

                    2.37		

                    2.38		

                    2.06		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    HEALTH CARE		

                    0.04		



                    6		

                    LEA - LEAR CORP		

                    LEA		

                    2,263		

                    18,672		

                    2.33		

                    2.03		

                    2.02		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    CONSUMER STAPLES		

                    0.02		



                    7		

                    DV - DEVRY ED GROUP INC		

                    DV		

                    2,250		

                    97,586		

                    2.31		

                    1.86		

                    2.01		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    UTILITIES & TELECOMMUNICATIONS		

                    0.01		



                    8		

                    ICON - ICONIX BRAND GROUP INC		

                    ICON		

                    2,227		

                    274,257		

                    2.29		

                    1.96		

                    1.99		

                    1.48		

                    4,000		

                    Up		

                    MATERIALS		

                    0.00		



                    9		

                    ACCO - ACCO BRANDS CORP		

                    ACCO		

                    2,216		

                    229,842		

                    2.28		

                    2.54		

                    1.98		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    TRANSPORTS		

                    0.00		



                    10		

                    WDC - WESTERN DIGITAL CORP		

                    WDC		

                    2,194		

                    37,520		

                    2.26		

                    0.00		

                    1.96		



                    37,520		

                    New		







                    11		

                    FLR - FLUOR CORP NEW		

                    FLR		

                    2,155		

                    41,994		

                    2.22		

                    2.22		

                    1.93		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    12		

                    AAPL - APPLE INC		

                    AAPL		

                    2,098		

                    18,560		

                    2.16		

                    0.72		

                    1.88		

                    165.14		

                    11,560		

                    Up		







                    13		

                    VIAB - VIACOM INC NEW		

                    VIAB		

                    2,093		

                    54,937		

                    2.15		

                    2.28		

                    1.87		

                    7.22		

                    3,700		

                    Up		







                    14		

                    TDC - TERADATA CORP DEL		

                    TDC		

                    2,072		

                    66,829		

                    2.13		

                    0.68		

                    1.85		

                    162.07		

                    41,329		

                    Up		







                    15		

                    PLPC - PREFORMED LINE PRODS CO		

                    PLPC		

                    2,043		

                    48,447		

                    2.10		

                    2.26		

                    1.83		

                    -7.18		

                    -3,745		

                    Down		







                    16		

                    KSS - KOHLS CORP		

                    KSS		

                    2,038		

                    46,584		

                    2.10		

                    1.89		

                    1.82		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    17		

                    BRCD - BROCADE COMMUNICATIONS SYS I		

                    BRCD		

                    2,015		

                    218,267		

                    2.07		

                    2.15		

                    1.80		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    18		

                    NSIT - INSIGHT ENTERPRISES INC		

                    NSIT		

                    1,988		

                    61,074		

                    2.04		

                    2.05		

                    1.78		

                    -16.94		

                    -12,455		

                    Down		







                    19		

                    PLUS - EPLUS INC		

                    PLUS		

                    1,986		

                    21,033		

                    2.04		

                    2.09		

                    1.78		

                    -11.85		

                    -2,827		

                    Down		







                    20		

                    ZUMZ - ZUMIEZ INC		

                    ZUMZ		

                    1,984		

                    110,203		

                    2.04		

                    1.91		

                    1.77		

                    -11.77		

                    -14,700		

                    Down		







                    21		

                    AVT - AVNET INC		

                    AVT		

                    1,965		

                    47,854		

                    2.02		

                    2.08		

                    1.76		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    22		

                    RL - RALPH LAUREN CORP		

                    RL		

                    1,964		

                    19,421		

                    2.02		

                    2.09		

                    1.76		

                    -10.59		

                    -2,300		

                    Down		







                    23		

                    OII - OCEANEERING INTL INC		

                    OII		

                    1,960		

                    71,263		

                    2.01		

                    2.12		

                    1.75		

                    7.77		

                    5,135		

                    Up		







                    24		

                    PCCC - PC CONNECTION INC		

                    PCCC		

                    1,959		

                    74,145		

                    2.01		

                    2.11		

                    1.75		

                    -10.46		

                    -8,666		

                    Down		







                    25		

                    GME - GAMESTOP CORP NEW		

                    GME		

                    1,956		

                    70,900		

                    2.01		

                    2.02		

                    1.75		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    26		

                    ARW - ARROW ELECTRS INC		

                    ARW		

                    1,952		

                    30,519		

                    2.01		

                    2.02		

                    1.75		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    27		

                    PBI - PITNEY BOWES INC		

                    PBI		

                    1,950		

                    107,400		

                    2.00		

                    0.00		

                    1.74		



                    107,400		

                    New		







                    28		

                    STRA - STRAYER ED INC		

                    STRA		

                    1,932		

                    41,395		

                    1.99		

                    2.18		

                    1.73		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    29		

                    HUM - HUMANA INC		

                    HUM		

                    1,927		

                    10,891		

                    1.98		

                    1.75		

                    1.72		

                    19.80		

                    1,800		

                    Up		







                    30		

                    BIG - BIG LOTS INC		

                    BIG		

                    1,926		

                    40,345		

                    1.98		

                    2.30		

                    1.72		

                    -5.83		

                    -2,500		

                    Down		







                    31		

                    TECD - TECH DATA CORP		

                    TECD		

                    1,926		

                    22,739		

                    1.98		

                    2.10		

                    1.72		

                    -16.52		

                    -4,500		

                    Down		







                    32		

                    VSI - VITAMIN SHOPPE INC		

                    VSI		

                    1,925		

                    71,690		

                    1.98		

                    0.00		

                    1.72		



                    71,690		

                    New		







                    33		

                    ANTM - ANTHEM INC		

                    ANTM		

                    1,922		

                    15,340		

                    1.98		

                    2.07		

                    1.72		

                    4.07		

                    600		

                    Up		







                    34		

                    DRQ - DRIL-QUIP INC		

                    DRQ		

                    1,921		

                    34,458		

                    1.97		

                    2.16		

                    1.72		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    35		

                    CHART INDS INC		



                    1,901		

                    57,902		

                    1.95		

                    1.50		

                    1.70		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    36		

                    HIBB - HIBBETT SPORTS INC		

                    HIBB		

                    1,898		

                    47,577		

                    1.95		

                    2.12		

                    1.70		

                    -16.35		

                    -9,300		

                    Down		







                    37		

                    BBBY - BED BATH & BEYOND INC		

                    BBBY		

                    1,897		

                    44,004		

                    1.95		

                    2.04		

                    1.70		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    38		

                    TGI - TRIUMPH GROUP INC NEW		

                    TGI		

                    1,805		

                    64,727		

                    1.86		

                    1.96		

                    1.61		

                    25.62		

                    13,200		

                    Up		







                    39		

                    APEI - AMERICAN PUBLIC EDUCATION IN		

                    APEI		

                    1,788		

                    90,268		

                    1.84		

                    2.34		

                    1.60		

                    16.07		

                    12,501		

                    Up		







                    40		

                    VLO - VALERO ENERGY CORP NEW		

                    VLO		

                    1,779		

                    33,559		

                    1.83		

                    4.18		

                    1.59		

                    -68.11		

                    -71,690		

                    Down		







                    41		

                    GPS - GAP INC DEL		

                    GPS		

                    1,756		

                    78,952		

                    1.81		

                    1.94		

                    1.57		

                    -7.39		

                    -6,300		

                    Down		







                    42		

                    BKE - BUCKLE INC		

                    BKE		

                    1,630		

                    67,834		

                    1.68		

                    1.89		

                    1.46		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    43		

                    EBF - ENNIS INC		

                    EBF		

                    1,593		

                    94,543		

                    1.64		

                    1.84		

                    1.43		

                    5.40		

                    4,848		

                    Up		







                    44		

                    GCO - GENESCO INC		

                    GCO		

                    1,533		

                    28,151		

                    1.58		

                    2.26		

                    1.37		

                    -14.05		

                    -4,600		

                    Down		







                    45		

                    MYRG - MYR GROUP INC DEL		

                    MYRG		

                    1,408		

                    46,779		

                    1.45		

                    2.34		

                    1.26		

                    -48.38		

                    -43,849		

                    Down		







                    46		

                    CTG - COMPUTER TASK GROUP INC		

                    CTG		

                    1,280		

                    272,328		

                    1.32		

                    1.45		

                    1.15		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    47		

                    ESSENDANT INC		



                    1,274		

                    62,063		

                    1.31		

                    2.03		

                    1.14		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    48		

                    TRN - TRINITY INDS INC		

                    TRN		

                    965		

                    39,895		

                    0.99		

                    0.00		

                    0.86		



                    39,895		

                    New		







                    49		

                    TZOO - TRAVELZOO INC		

                    TZOO		

                    898		

                    70,007		

                    0.92		

                    0.72		

                    0.80		

                    -16.73		

                    -14,065		

                    Down		







                    50		

                    SPOK - SPOK HLDGS INC		

                    SPOK		

                    892		

                    50,062		

                    0.92		

                    0.00		

                    0.80		



                    50,062		

                    New		










EUCLIDEAN TECHNOLOGIES MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysWestern Digital Corp2.26%Pitney Bowes Inc2.00%Vitamin Shoppe Inc1.98%Trinity Inds Inc0.99%Spok Hldgs Inc0.92%




13F Sector AllocationConsumer Discretionary39 %Information Technology26 %Industrials18 %Energy6 %Health Care4 %






EUCLIDEAN TECHNOLOGIES MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Euclidean Technologies Management Llc had $111.78 million assets under management as of Friday, March 14, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$109,529,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$114,324,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$113,224,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$107,320,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$107,051,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$109,863,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$106,523,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$95,575,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$92,783,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$98,227,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$93,372,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$97,275,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?








































Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC





Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC is a RIA based in NY, NY with $99M in AUM.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
2


Total Assets
$99,235,948



Website







Location
        



1325 Ave of the Americas


NY,
NY
10019


646-571-1672









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Sept. 9, 2016





$99.2M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






1

          
Accounts
          


$99.2M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Euclidean Technologies Gp, LLC
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Michael Scott Seckler

Managing Member, Chief Compliance Officer
      
July, 2008
      
25% to 50%
      


John David Alberg

Managing Member
      
July, 2008
      
25% to 50%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC





Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Euclidean Technologies Management, LLC is a RIA based in NY, NY with $99M in AUM.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
2


Total Assets
$99,235,948



Website







Location
        



1325 Ave of the Americas


NY,
NY
10019


646-571-1672









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Sept. 9, 2016





$99.2M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






1

          
Accounts
          


$99.2M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Euclidean Technologies Gp, LLC
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Michael Scott Seckler

Managing Member, Chief Compliance Officer
      
July, 2008
      
25% to 50%
      


John David Alberg

Managing Member
      
July, 2008
      
25% to 50%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































