    Carlos Evans | Wachovia Corp. | ZoomInfo.com


Evans Food Products









Encyclopedia
o
f
Chicago






Entries
												|
												Historical Sources
												|
												Maps
												|
												Special Features




























Entries : Evans Food Products







Entries


E



Evans Food Products

Next










Evans Food Products





Chicago attorney Lester W. Olin entered the pork rind business in 1947 when he purchased a large oil vat from a Mr. Evans, who had been renting a small office in the State Street building that Olin owned. Olin quickly patented his pork rind manufacturing process, and Evans Food Products was born. In the beginning, Olin sold his pork rinds, and soon corn chips, door-to-door to area homes and businesses. In 1955, Evans Food Products moved to a much larger manufacturing plant on South Halstead Street, about the same time that the company began selling to overseas markets. Evans continued to grow over the next several decades, employing several dozen people by the mid-1970s. Olin sold Evans Food Products to a subsidiary of Milwaukee-based Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. in 1981. The next year, the company discontinued its corn chip line, focusing exclusively on pork rinds. Mexican pork rind manufacturers, Alejandro Silva, Carlos Silva, and Jose Garza purchased Evans in 1985. By the early 2000s, Evans Food Products was still headquartered at its plant on South Halsted, with manufacturing facilities in Texas, Ohio, and Mexico. Boasting annual revenues near $70 million, Evans was the world's top pork rind business, and one of Chicago's largest minority-owned firms. It employed about 100 people in Chicago and almost 150 more in its three other locations.

							This entry is part of the Encyclopedia's
							Dictionary of Leading Chicago Businesses (1820-2000)
							that was prepared by Mark R. Wilson, with additional contributions from Stephen R. Porter and Janice L. Reiff.
						










							The Electronic Encyclopedia of Chicago © 2005 Chicago Historical Society.
							
							The Encyclopedia of Chicago © 2004 The Newberry Library. All Rights Reserved. Portions are copyrighted by other institutions and individuals.
							Additional information on copyright and permissions.











Carlos Evans E - New London,WI | carlos e evans | 8+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for carlos e evans









Results from White Pages. Showing top 8 of 8 results.






People Search Records related to the name Carlos E Evans found in this white pages section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Carlos E Evans and want to change or delete a people finder result, please contact us as per our privacy policy.



NameAddressPhone
RelativesMore Details
Carlos E Evans
___inson St, new London, WI - 54961  
920-982 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___ct, Apt Ste 600, raleigh, NC - 27604  
 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___ville Rd, charlotte, NC - 28207  
704-358 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___nyard Rd, crystal Springs, MS - 39059  
601-892 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___eheart Way, knoxville, TN - 37923  
 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___ave, Apt Apt 1, los Angeles, CA - 90044  
323-920 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___dora Ave, akron, OH - 44320  
 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>

Carlos E Evans
___tacle Dr, valparaiso, IN - 46383  
219-462 ****

Get White Pages Report  >>



Public Comments for carlos e evans. 






Public comments related to name Carlos E Evans are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Carlos E Evans





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Carlos E Evans - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Carlos Evans E - New London,WI | carlos e evans | 8+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for carlos e evans are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for carlos e evans are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.

















Carlos E  Evans - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Carlos E  Evans
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Carlos E  Evans. Find out Carlos E  Evans address and contact details. View other people related to Carlos E  Evans - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

3100 SMOKETREE COURT, SUITE 600  RALEIGH 27604 NC




Companies related to Carlos E  Evans
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000921082HIGHWOODS PROPERTIES INCDirector 3100 SMOKETREE COURT STE 600 RALEIGH 276040001010612SYKES ENTERPRISES INCDirector 400 NORTH ASHLEY DRIVE  TAMPA 336020001683074Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp.200 WEST STREET  NEW YORK 10282-2198




Carlos E  Evans on the Web
Persons related to Carlos E  Evans - HIGHWOODS PROPERTIES INCNamePositionCityTHOMAS W  ADLERDirector RALEIGHCharles Albert  AndersonDirector RALEIGHGENE H  ANDERSONDirector RALEIGHMICHAEL F  BEALESr. Vice President RALEIGHKAY N  CALLISONDirector RALEIGHRobert G  CutlipSr. Vice President RALEIGHCarlos E  EvansDirector RALEIGHEDWARD J  FRITSCHPresident & CEO RALEIGHRONALD P  GIBSONDirector RALEIGH, NCWILLIAM E  GRAHAM JRDirector RALEIGHMICHAEL E  HARRISExecutive Vice President & COO RALEIGHDavid John  HartzellDirector RALEIGHDavid John  HartzellRALEIGHLAWRENCE S  KAPLANDirector RALEIGHSHERRY A  KELLETTDirector SHERRY A  KELLETTDirector RALEIGHTheodore J  KlinckEVP/COO/CIO RALEIGHCARMAN J  LIUZZOVP, Invest & Strategic  Anlys RALEIGHJeffrey Douglas  MillerEVP, General Counsel & Sec. RALEIGHJeffrey Douglas  MillerRALEIGHMark F  MulhernSVP/CFO RALEIGHMark F  MulhernSVP/CFO RALEIGHL GLENN  ORR JRDirector RALEIGHKevin E  PennSVP/Strategy & Admin RALEIGHMACK D  PRIDGEN IIIVP, General Counsel RALEIGHW Brian  ReamesSr. Vice President RALEIGHO TEMPLE  SLOAN JRDirector RALEIGHO TEMPLE  SLOAN JRDirector RALEIGHWILLARD H  SMITH JRDirector RALEIGHTERRY L  STEVENSSVP, CFO RALEIGHJOHN L  TURNERDirector RALEIGHF WILLIAM  VANDIVER JRDirector RALEIGHPersons related to Carlos E  Evans - SYKES ENTERPRISES INCNamePositionCityANDREW  BLANCHARDEVP TAMPAFURMAN P  BODENHEIMER JRDirector GREENSBOROFURMAN P  BODENHEIMER JRDirector GREENSBOROMARK C  BOZAKDirector TAMPAMARK C  BOZAKDirector TAMPAMARK C  BOZAKTAMPAMARK C  BOZAKTAMPAMARK C  BOZAKDirector TAMPAMARK C  BOZAKChristopher  CarringtonEVP, Global Delivery TAMPAVANESSA C L  CHANGDirector LOS ANGELESJohn  ChapmanEVP & CFO TAMPAMICHAEL P  DELONGDirector TAMPAMICHAEL P  DELONGDirector TAMPACarlos E  EvansDirector RALEIGHJames D  FarnsworthEVP DENVERMCCLINTOCK LINDA  GRECODirector TAMPAMCCLINTOCK LINDA  GRECODirector TAMPAH PARKS  HELMSDirector CHARLOTTEJames  HobbyExecutive Vice President TAMPAJAMES T  HOLDERExecutive VP & Secretary TAMPAW MICHAEL  KIPPHUTSVP & CFO TAMPAW MICHAEL  KIPPHUTExecutive VP & CFO TAMPAGORDON H  LOETZTAMPALorraine L  LuttonDirector TAMPAIAIN A  MACDONALDDirector EDINBURGHIAIN A  MACDONALDDirector EH106DLJAMES S  MACLEODDirector MILWAUKEEJAMES S  MACLEODDirector TAMPAJAMES S  MACLEODDirector MILWAUKEEJAMES S  MACLEODDirector MILWAUKEEJAMES S  MACLEODDirector HILTON HEADWILLIAM J  MEURERDirector TAMPAWILLIAM J  MEURERDirector TAMPAWILLIAM J  MEURERTAMPAWILLIAM J  MEURERWILLIAM J  MEURERDirector TAMPAERNEST J  MILANINORWELLWILLIAM D  MUIR JRDirector WILLIAM D  MUIR JRDirector TAMPAJames K  MurrayDirector TAMPAJenna  NelsonExecutive Vice President TAMPAJenna  NelsonExecutive Vice President TAMPADavid  PearsonExecutive Vice President TAMPADavid  PearsonExecutive Vice President TAMPAWilliam  RocktoffVP & Corporate Controller TAMPAWilliam  RocktoffVP & Corporate Controller TAMPATHOMAS F  SKELLYWESTWOODCharles E  SykesCEO & President TAMPACharles E  SykesCEO & President TAMPACharles E  SykesCEO & President TAMPAJOHN H  SYKES10% Owner TAMPAJOHN H  SYKESTAMPAJOHN H  SYKES10% Owner TAMPAPAUL L  WHITINGDirector TAMPAPAUL L  WHITINGDirector TAMPAPAUL L  WHITINGDirector TAMPAPAUL L  WHITINGDirector TAMPALAWRENCE  ZINGALEExecutive Vice President DENVERLAWRENCE  ZINGALETAMPALAWRENCE  ZINGALESenior Vice President TAMPALAWRENCE  ZINGALESenior Vice President TAMPALAWRENCE  ZINGALEExecutive Vice President TAMPAPersons related to Carlos E  Evans - Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp.NamePositionCityMcGovern  BrendanNEW YORKEvans  CarlosNEW YORKYu  DavidNew YorkCarlos E  EvansRALEIGHYoder  JonNEW YORKLamm  JonathanNEW YORKUniacke  KatherineNew YorkCaroline  KrausNEW YORKJonathan  Lamm,NEW YORKTimothy J  LeachNEW YORKSalvatore  Lentini,NEW YORKRICHARD A  MARKST LOUISTeufel  MayaNew YorkBrendan  McGovern,NEW YORKMark  RichardNEW YORKLentini  SalvatoreNew YorkTurco  ScottNew YorkMaya  TeufelNEW YORKLeach  TimothyNew YorkScott  Turco,NEW YORKKatherine  UniackeNEW YORKJon  Yoder,NEW YORKDavid  Yu,NEW YORK












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






♿ carlos evans / Wheelchair Accessible Vans, Handicap Accessible Vans, Mobility Impairment







































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                













Log In to My Vehicles

            




















Contact Us:
(800) 209-6133
(919) 238-4597

E-mail Us
Live Chat

 


  Menu 
  Search











Log In to My Vehicles

            





Search:

Search











carlos evans	





Van Products & HOMH Team Up to Honor Military Hero

On February 10, 2016, Van Products will be teaming up with Help Our Military Heroes (HOMH), and Semper Fi Fund representatives to present a wheelchair accessible van to retired U.S. Marine Sgt. Evans and his family. The presentation will take place at the Van Products headquarters in Raleigh, NC.

About USMC Sgt. Carlos Evans
After the tragic events of September 11th occurred, Carlos Evans was compelled to join the U.S. Marine Corps. By May 2010, U.S. Marine Sgt. Carlos Evans had served three tours of duty in Iraq and was serving his fourth overseas deployment in Afghanistan when he stepped on an improvised explosive device.
The blast took both of Evans’ legs and his left hand. On that day (and ever since), the Marine Corps family, Evans’ family, the local community, and volunteers have all rallied around Evans in a show of support. In turn, Evans continues to inspire countless others by the way he conducts himself in his day-to-day life and his overall, positive attitude. In a previous interview with WRAL, Evans was quoted as saying:

I have met so many good people (who), without even knowing me, they have inspired me to be a better person and to not give up... 

Join us as we honor this military hero and his family!
About Help Our Military Heroes (HOMH)
Founded in 2009 by Laurie Hollander and Marybeth Vandergrift, Help Our Military Heroes (HOMH) is a 501C3 non-profit organization dedicated to providing fully equipped, handicap vans to U.S. service men and women who sustained their injuries while on active duty during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
About Semper Fi Fund
Founded in 2004 by a group of Marine Corps spouses, the Semper Fi Fund provides financial assistance and lifetime support to post-9/11 wounded, critically ill and injured members of all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces, and their families, ensuring that they have the resources they need throughout their recovery and transition back into their communities.


			This entry was posted in Handicapped Community Involvement, overcoming challenges, Events and tagged carlos evans, help our military heroes, homh, honoring military veterans, handicap vans for veterans on February 9, 2016 by admin.			
 





1 Item(s)








Search





Search




 

Recent Posts




Tips for Aging in Place


Wilmington Gets Visit from Miss Wheelchair NC


VP's Seth Frankoff To Play for Chicago Cubs


How Fireworks Affect Veterans with PTSD


3 Tips for Aging Healthier, Smarter





















Quick Links

SHOP PRE-OWNED Handicap Vans
SHOP NEW Handicap Vans
SHOP ALL Inventory
Conversion Features
Mobility Products
Media
About
Contact

 

We partner with Carfax® to provide you with used vehicle history reports.
 




Contact Us:
(800) 209-6133
(919) 238-4597

E-mail Us
Live Chat






Sign up for our newsletter




Sign Up for Our Newsletter:

to receive product and promotion updates.






we don't share your info.

Sign Up










© Copyright Van Products Inc. All Rights Reserved
Website Design Development & Marketing by Look to the Right 





 


Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












Carlos E. Evans - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Carlos E. Evans
Board Member at Highwoods Properties, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Carlos E. Evans? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Carlos E. Evans's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Carlos E. Evans's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Carlos E. Evans's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Carlos E. Evans through your network of contacts.
												








Carlos E. Evans's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated


Board Member, 
Highwoods Properties, Inc.


Board Member, 
Goldman Sachs Middle Market Lending Corp.


Past
To view Carlos E. Evans's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
65

 
 


Carlos E. Evans's Biography



Carlos E. Evans was elected to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting in May 2016 and is a member of the Compensation and Finance Committees. Mr. Evans retired from Wells Fargo Bank in May 2014, where he served as executive vice president and group head of the eastern division of Wells Fargo commercial banking. Mr. Evans was also responsible for the bank's government and institutional banking group and he served on Wells Fargo's management committee. Mr. Evans joined First Union National Bank in 2000 as the wholesale banking executive for the commercial segment prior to its merger with Wachovia Corporation in 2001. From 2006 until Wacho ...
(Read More)

			Carlos E. Evans was elected to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting in May 2016 and is a member of the Compensation and Finance Committees. Mr. Evans retired from Wells Fargo Bank in May 2014, where he served as executive vice president and group head of the eastern division of Wells Fargo commercial banking. Mr. Evans was also responsible for the bank's government and institutional banking group and he served on Wells Fargo's management committee. Mr. Evans joined First Union National Bank in 2000 as the wholesale banking executive for the commercial segment prior to its merger with Wachovia Corporation in 2001. From 2006 until Wachovia's merger with Wells Fargo in 2009, Mr. Evans was the wholesale banking executive and an executive vice president for the Wachovia general banking group, overseeing the commercial, business and community banking segments, the dealer financial services business and the government, tax exempt and not-for-profit healthcare groups. Before joining First Union, Mr. Evans served in a variety of roles at Bank of America and its predecessors including NationsBank, North Carolina National Bank and Bankers Trust of South Carolina, which he joined in 1973. Mr. Evans received his B.A. in economics from Newberry College. He is also a graduate of the Commercial Lending School in Oklahoma and the Colgate Darden Commercial Lending School at the University of Virginia. Mr. Evans is chairman emeritus of the board of the Spoleto Festival USA and chairman of the board of the Medical University of South Carolina Foundation. He is also on the boards of Queens University of Charlotte and three private companies, National Coatings and Supplies Inc., American Welding & Gas Inc. and Johnson Management. 
Qualifications: 
 
. Mr. Evans brings to the Board a vast array of experiences in commercial banking, including financial aspects of governmental, tax exempt and not-for-profit healthcare groups. Mr. Evans' decades of experience in various management roles provides a significant level of business acumen and judgment.
		
Source: Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Carlos E. Evans's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Carlos E. Evans. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Carlos E. Evans's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Carlos E. Evans's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Carlos E. Evans through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Carlos E. Evans


















Carlos E. Evans's Connections (103)





Sign up now to view Carlos E. Evans's 103 connections »









W. B. Reames
Former Senior Vice President, Nashville, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Gene H. Anderson
Former Board Member, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Jeffrey D. Miller
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Mark F. Mulhern
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Kevin E. Penn
Former Senior Vice President, Strategy and Administration, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Theodore J. Klinck
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating and Investment Officer, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Sherry A. Kellett
Board Member, Highwoods Properties, Inc.









Paula H. Bethea
Vice Chairman, South State Corporation









Wilbur J. Prezzano
Board Member, Roper Technologies, Inc.









O. Temple Sloan
Board Member, Highwoods Properties, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



































Wells Fargo’s Carlos Evans, retiring after 41 years, said yes to big challenges  | Charlotte Observer






























































News
Sports
Entertainment
Real Estate

































                        85°
                    

































Banking

Wells Fargo’s Carlos Evans, retiring after 41 years, said yes to big challenges 



                    By Deon Roberts  - deroberts@charlotteobserver.com


















LinkedIn
Google+
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
Order Reprint of this Story







                    May 10, 2014 12:00 AM
                



Carlos Evans, who is retiring as a Wells Fargo executive at the end of this month, had front-row seats to two pivotal moments in Charlotte history. And they both came at him at once.
It was late summer 2008, and the U.S. financial system was unraveling. Evans’ employer, Wachovia, was in trouble. 
Then Evans got the news that the chairman of United Way of Central Carolinas was resigning amid the controversy over compensation for the organization’s CEO.
That meant Evans, a United Way board member, was suddenly next up to chair the organization.


He gave serious thought to declining the volunteer post. His own professional fate was uncertain as concerns about Wachovia’s financial stability began to mount. 




“My first reaction was, ‘You can’t do this. You’ve got everything going on at the bank,’ ” he said. “But then I sort of realized that I was copping out.”
Evans said yes, becoming chairman of United Way just weeks before San Francisco-based Wells Fargo agreed to buy Wachovia. 
Evans, 62, who now oversees commercial banking in the Eastern U.S. for Wells Fargo, is retiring after a 41-year career in banking across the Carolinas. His operation serves middle-market businesses, those with annual sales between about $20 million and about $1 billion. He also oversees government and institutional banking for Wells Fargo nationally.
He said no challenge he’s faced can match the Wachovia and United Way crises, which he calls the most difficult moment of his career.
“I lost weight. I was sick – sick – with what was going on at Wachovia, what was going on at United Way. But it was my responsibility to do both.”



Wachovia had been hurt by loan losses from its 2006 acquisition of mortgage lender Golden West Financial. “I didn’t know about the Golden West merger until after it happened,” Evans said. “I was not involved in any way, shape or form in the due diligence. ... There is nothing I could have done.”
“I was doing everything I could do to save Wachovia,” he said. 
 Saying yes, taking a risk 
Evans’ journey to Charlotte began in his native city of Florence in northeast South Carolina.
A self-described “country boy,” he went to Newberry College in South Carolina, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in economics. His first banking job was with Bankers Trust of South Carolina, a predecessor to Bank of America, as a management trainee.



“Which meant that I washed cars, ran errands,” he said. “Back then a management trainee was the lowest of the low.”
In 1973, he was asked to coordinate completion of interior construction for Bankers Trust’s new headquarters and plan and manage the move to a tower in Columbia. He was only 22, had only been on the job for a handful of months and had no experience overseeing such a project. 
Evans wondered  whether he had done the right thing. Working on the headquarters project felt like a detour, and he was distressed watching his peers in the company advance to jobs as branch managers and commercial bankers. But he met the bank’s chairman, Hootie Johnson, while working on the project, which he thinks helped create other opportunities in the company for him.
In 1980, he was asked to run Bankers Trust’s operations in the Hilton Head Island region. It would mean relocating from the Columbia area and moving his wife of then just two years, Lisa, away from their friends and family. Again, he said yes.
“If you’re from a small town in South Carolina, that was like going to a foreign country,” he said. “Almost didn’t do it.”
Evans said the job allowed him to show that he could boost the bank’s business in the Lowcountry of South Carolina. 
“We grew exponentially, and that caught people’s attention,” he said. “We built six branches while I was there.”
Accepting that job was an example of a risk that paid off, said Evans, who encourages people to take risks in their career paths.
“I can think about the major inflection points in my career, and they were all tied to situations where I was willing to take risks that other people weren’t willing to take.”
After other relocations and promotions, he made his way to Charlotte around 1990 to head Carolinas commerical lending for North Carolina National Bank, which would become NationsBank in 1991 and Bank of America in 1998. 
 ‘Total blur’
By late summer 2008, as the U.S. financial system’s troubles were escalating, uncertainty was growing for Wachovia. 
The lender was posting billions of dollars in losses stemming from its Golden West Financial acquisition as well as complex securities sold by its investment bank. There was talk of thousands of jobs being cut, and by  fall  2008 regulators were looking for a buyer for Wachovia.
At the time, Evans was over commercial banking, business banking and the auto finance business for Wachovia. On Sept. 3, the chairman of United Way of Central Carolinas resigned amid the fallout of the $1.2 million in salary and benefits paid to its former CEO. 
Evans now had to become chairman months before he was scheduled to take the role. He accepted the post even though he had doubts about whether he should, considering the unfolding crisis at Wachovia.
“In my heart of hearts, I knew it was my responsibility,” he said. “It just became a total blur.” Evans said he had not been on the United Way board when the CEO’s pension, known as a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or SERP, was approved.
Jane McIntyre, who became executive director of United Way of Central Carolinas in 2009, said Evans had to chair the organization as its annual fundraising campaign was in full swing. The organization found itself trying to raise funds not only at a challenging time for the U.S. economy but also as the reputation of the local United Way was suffering.
“Carlos really had to have full oversight for the operations and at the same time try to keep the campaign going. It had to be hard,” McIntyre said.
Evans recalls doing a lot of traveling at that time to reassure customers and clients concerned about the bank. When he’d return to Charlotte, he’d also have to deal with the crisis at United Way.
At the time, Evans was working on the 20th floor in One Wells Fargo, the same building he works in today. Three to four times a week, he said, he would walk the three or so blocks from his building to the United Way to help out the organization.
“If you can imagine the highest years of your earning life all tied up in Wachovia stock, and to see all that go down the drain, pretty disconcerting, to say the least,” he said. “It wasn’t just United Way. It wasn’t just the bank. It was a combination of those things, along with my own personal situation, given the loss of a significant portion of everything that I had worked for through the years.”
He declined to disclose his salary, which is not among those the bank must report in public regulatory filings.
Evans said he’s proud of being able to help retain employees and clients as Wachovia was being integrated into Wells Fargo. Looking back at his chairing at United Way, Evans said he’s proud that the organization was able to survive through a combination of cost-cutting and using reserves to continue funding the agencies that receive United Way dollars. 
“There were so many decisions that were being made in rapid succession,” he said. “As board chair I had to lead every one of those changes. I had to be the principal person for gathering input and leading the board to consensus on every one of those things.”
Evans served on United Way’s board until the end of 2009.
 A more mellow banker
Evans said he’s not exactly the same banker he was when he started his career. 
Joel Smith, a banking colleague and mentor who began working with Evans in the 1970s, said Evans sometimes became frustrated when waiting for approvals from within the bank to close deals he had put together for commercial clients.
“There is a healthy tension inside of banks between the people who produce business and the people who underwrite,” Smith said. “The only place I ever saw him really show that he was impatient were times when he was so sure that something was done right and he had to keep going back to the well to get approval. And that is common with a lot of bankers. 
“He’s as good a banker at what he does as I’ve ever seen,” said Smith, who last worked with Evans 14 years ago. “I can understand why it would be frustrating. He did a lot of deals. He was less patient than most, but he overcame it.”
Evans admits that he would get frustrated while waiting for loan approvals for his clients. 
“I would like to think that I’m still as impatient and moving in a positive way to get things done,” he said. “But I have mellowed, and I have learned to not put as much pressure on myself as well as the people around me as I probably did earlier in my career.”
Evans, who owns a home in Charleston, said his home in Charlotte’s Eastover community will remain his primary residence. He said he plans to be active in retirement.
“I would like to serve on some public company and private company boards, which I couldn’t do as an employee of Wells Fargo.
“I will not be one of those people who retires and goes and plays golf every day. Not that I have anything against that. I’m just not built that way.”








Never miss a local story.
Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access..

SUBSCRIBE NOW










  Comments  















Videos







10 months ago

Wells Fargo CEO: We should have done more sooner









2:02


10 months ago
Wells Fargo CEO: We should have done more sooner






2:19


a year ago
Charlotte branch of The Federal Reserve ranks high in cash processing






0:53


a year ago
Bank of America gives $565,000 to help Charlotteans rise out of poverty










                            View More Video
                        












                        Banking
                    





                                        Wells Fargo to close auto offices under consolidation push
                                    







                                        Ex-Wells Fargo banker pleads guilty to embezzling more than $200,000
                                    







                                        Critic of Charlotte bank merger takes concerns to Federal Reserve
                                    







                                        Wells Fargo accidentally releases trove of confidential data
                                    







                                        And then there were 2 – The number of Charlotte-based banks sinks again
                                    






                            Banking
                        


































Subscriptions




Start a Subscription
Customer Service
eEdition
Vacation Hold
Pay Your Bill






Site Information




About Us
Contact Us
Newsletters
News in Education
Photo Store






Social, Mobile & More




Text News Alerts
Mobile & Apps
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Google+






Advertising




Information
Place a Classified
Local Deals
Shopping
CLT Digital









More




Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
























































﻿


















Carlos E. Cuevas | Evans School of Public Policy and Governance




















































Skip to main content









 Enter your keywords

Search


 
 









University of Washington
Evans School of Public Policy & Governance 
















Carlos E. Cuevas









 


Senior LecturerPh.D., The Ohio State University


Curriculum Vitae


Parrington207A


cecuevas@uw.edu


(206) 221-6331Carlos E. Cuevas joined the Evans School in Winter 2013. He lectures on development finance, development practice and program evaluation.
Before joining the Evans school, Cuevas was Deputy Director of the Financial Services for the Poor initiative at the Bill & Melinda Gates foundation. The initiative supports the provision of financial services to low-income clients with a strong emphasis on safe savings and payments. Prior to joining the foundation in March 2009, Dr. Cuevas was Financial Sector Policy Advisory Consultant at the Consultative Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP) and The World Bank Group (since February 2008), and before that a Financial Sector Development Adviser at the World Bank between March 1995 and January 2008.
A specialist in rural finance and microfinance, Cuevas has worked on cooperative finance, development banking, and regulatory and supervisory issues. He managed or participated in World Bank lending operations, sector work and technical assistance worldwide during his 13 years as regular staff. Before joining the World Bank, he was a Senior Microenterprise Specialist at the Inter-American Development Bank (1993-1995), and prior to that an Assistant Professor of Agricultural Economics and Finance at The Ohio State University (1984-1993).
Dr. Cuevas holds a Master of Science degree in agricultural economics from the Catholic University of Chile and a Ph.D. in agricultural economics from The Ohio State University.
Awards and honors

International Alumni Award, Ohio State University, College of Agriculture, 2003.
Outstanding Policy Contribution Award, American Agricultural Economics Association, 1989 (group award).
Honorable Mention, Outstanding Ph.D. Thesis Award, American Agricultural Economics Association, 1985.
Outstanding Ph.D. Dissertation in Agricultural Economics, Ohio State University, 1984.

Specializations: DevelopmentRecent Publications: 
Cuevas, Carlos E., and Klaus P. Fischer. Cooperative Financial Institutions. Issues in Governance, Regulation and Supervision. World Bank Working Paper No. 82, 2006.
Cuevas, Carlos E. “The Relevance and Challenges of Credit Unions Today,” in Safe Money. Building Effective Credit Unions in Latin America. Edited by Glenn Westley and Brian Branch. John Hopkins, 2000.
Cuevas, Carlos E., and Lynn Bennett, editors, “Sustainable Banking with the Poor,” Journal of International Development, 8 (1996), Special Issue.
Cuevas, Carlos E. “Intermediation Costs in an Agricultural Development Bank: A Cost-Function Approach to Measuring Scale Economies.” American Journal of Agricultural Economics, 70 (1988): 273-280.

 


 




 





























Lee Evans Arranges Antonio Carlos Jobim, Evans Piano Education - Song List - Hal Leonard Online





















About Us
|
Press Releases
|
Jobs
|
Calendar
|
Copyright
|
Dealer Access





















Search 















											
											Song Title only
											
											


Advanced Search



















					
					THE WORLD'S LARGEST MUSIC PRINT PUBLISHER
					
					
				




How to Order

|

Help

|

Shopping Cart

|

Wish List

|

My Library

|

Contact Us


















Piano Songbooksand Sheet Music


Guitar, Bass and Folk Instruments


Educational Piano


Vocal


Choral and Classroom


Church Music


Band, Jazzand Orchestra


Solo Instrumental


Drums and Percussion


Classical


Trade andReference Books


Software and Music Technology


DVD


Instruments and Accessories
















Home
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
			
			 > Lee Evans Arranges Antonio Carlos Jobim
			


























 



Back to Product Detail


 



























 

Buy Now



















 



Lee Evans Arranges Antonio Carlos Jobim





Series: Evans Piano Education








																	HL #00009051
																

 


																	Song List:
																




Antigua
																			    
																			
Chega De Saudade (No More Blues)
																			    
																			
The Girl From Ipanema (Garota De Ipanema)
																			    
																			
Jazz 'N' Samba (So Danco Samba)
																			    
																			
Lamento
																			    
																			
Look To The Sky
																			    
																			
Meditation (Meditacao)
																			    
																			
Mojave
																			    
																			
Quiet Nights Of Quiet Stars (Corcovado)
																			    
																			
The Red Blouse (Blusa Vermelha)
																			    
																			
Se Todos Fossem Iguais A Voce (Someone To Light Up My Life)
																			    
																			
Slightly Out Of Tune (Desafinado)
																			    
																			
Song Of The Jet (Samba do Avião)
																			    
																			
Song Of The Sabiá (Sabiá)
																			    
																			
Triste
																			    
																			
Wave
																			    
																			



 
















0 ITEMS IN CART
(click to view)






 




Checkout Now

















			© Copyright Fri Jul 28 11:57:22 CDT 2017 Hal Leonard - All rights reserved. View our privacy policy.
		






