
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




















Evans Robb & Associates, Sun Valley, CA 91352 | 818-768-8100









 


















List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory





Ex: Accountants, Lawyers, Dentists




Location: City, State, County or Zip Code	










Home
List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory









Home > Sun Valley, California > Attorneys : Evans Robb & Associates
About Evans Robb & Associates

Evans Robb & Associates, 11450 Sheldon St Sun Valley, CA 91352  (818-768-8100). Whether you are looking for information about Evans Robb & Associates, searching for a top Legal Services business near me or within zip code 91352, or just trying to locate a company that offers Attorneys near Sun Valley CA, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Evans Robb & Associates.  What is the phone number or fax number of Evans Robb & Associates? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 11450 Sheldon St? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Evans Robb & Associates, but also help you find nearby similar businesses:  Legal Services in Sun Valley, CA.


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Evans Robb & Associates is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Evans Robb & Associates coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Sun Valley, California Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Sun Valley. 


Is Evans Robb & Associates your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.

Evans Robb & Associates, 11450 Sheldon St Sun Valley, CA 91352  (818-768-8100). Whether you are looking for information about Evans Robb & Associates, searching for a top Legal Services business near me or within zip code 91352, or just trying to locate a company that offers Attorneys near Sun Valley CA, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Evans Robb & Associates.  What is the phone number or fax number of Evans Robb & Associates? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 11450 Sheldon St? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Evans Robb & Associates, but also help you find nearby similar businesses:  Legal Services in Sun Valley, CA.


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Evans Robb & Associates is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Evans Robb & Associates coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Sun Valley, California Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Sun Valley. 


Is Evans Robb & Associates your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.





Evans Robb & Associates




				
				11450 Sheldon St
				Sun Valley, CA 91352


Phone: 818-768-8100







		Category: Legal ServicesSub Category: Attorneys (1 of 4 in Sun Valley, CA)Related Business Classifications:Legal Services : Legal ServicesQualifications & Certifications : AttorneysIt is located in Los Angeles County.Visit Website : http://www.robbevans.com



Nearby Attorneys Results

MM Associates Problem Resolution & Legal Services
Legal Services, Attorneys, Legal Services Plans, Legal Clinics, Legal Consultants
										




											8416 Lankershim Blvd Sun Valley, CA 91352818-767-0867



Flores & Associates
Legal Services, Attorneys





											8218 Sunland Blvd Sun Valley, CA 91352818-767-7051



Sevilla Oscar
Legal Services, Attorneys





											11643 Tuxford St Sun Valley, CA 91352818-252-5960



Moonlight Villas Partners LP
Legal Services, Attorneys, Property Management, Real Estate - Property Management, Property Management & Maintenance, Real Estate - Brokers & Agents
										




											12381 Osborne St Pacoima, CA 91331 (1.57 miles from Sun Valley, CA 91352)818-899-4077



Law Office of Marisa Moore
Legal Services, Attorneys, Attorneys General Practice
										




											13066 Van Nuys Blvd Pacoima, CA 91331 (2.57 miles from Sun Valley, CA 91352)818-897-7770



Ronzio Frank E The Law Offices
Legal Services, Attorneys





											13461 Van Nuys Blvd Pacoima, CA 91331 (2.84 miles from Sun Valley, CA 91352)818-899-5999




People Also Searched For Attorneys in Zip Code 91352 Attorneys in Los Angeles County, CA Attorneys in Valencia, CA 91354 (View all 4 companies) Legal Services in Sun Valley, CA Attorney Directories in Sun Valley, CA Contract Dispute Lawyers in Sun Valley, CA General Practice Attorneys in Sun Valley, CA Title Contract in Sun Valley, CA




Get Directions to Evans Robb & Associates





















List Your Site
Login
About Us
Help & FAQ's
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map



© 1999-2014 b2bYellowpages.com® - All rights reserved.
		b2bYellowpages.com logo and all related marks are trademarks of b2bBiz.com, Inc. All other marks are the property of their respective owners
	











































Robb Evans | Direct Selling News Blog





































Direct Selling News Blog
Direct Selling News has been serving direct selling and network marketing executives since 2004.



Search:









HomeDSN Global 100
DSN App
About
Contact



Posts
Comments





News

US News

World News

DSA News



DSN Exclusives

DSN Global 100

90 Days Of Direct Selling



Features

Cover Story



Perspectives










Vemma: Caught in the Cross Hairs


October 1, 2015
Leave a comment






On Dec. 4, 2014, Matthew Thacker logged onto a computer in Dallas and signed up as an Affiliate for Arizona-based Vemma Nutrition Co. Seven days later, three boxes arrived containing his starter kit, which consisted of a variety of products and materials for launching his business. Over the course of the next few months, he spoke with his up-line enroller for guidance on establishing his business, attended two training events, received regular product shipments and spent considerable time studying online Vemma training materials.
But Thacker was far from being a new, engaged company recruit.
As Vemma learned in late August, Thacker is an investigator with the Federal Trade Commission. He signed up for Vemma using an undercover name, contact information and credit card account, documenting each step along the way with screen recording software, and he continued to use his undercover identity as he …
Click here to read the rest of the story

 




Filed under DSN Exclusives
Tagged with American Express, Arizona, Arizona Department of Economic Security, BurnLounge, direct sales, Direct Selling, direct selling industry, direct selling news, downline, DSA, DSN, Federal Trade Commission, FTC, inventory loading, John J. Tuchi, Matthew Thacker, Michigan, mlm, Poyfair, pyramid scheme, Reese, Richards, Robb Evans, South Carolina, TRO, Vemma Nutrition, Wells Fargo Bank 




Vemma Regains Partial Control of Business; Judge Appoints Federal Monitor


September 18, 2015
Leave a comment






A federal judge has returned partial control of Arizona-based Vemma Nutrition Co. back to the company’s management team, by granting only part of the preliminary injunction sought by the Federal Trade Commission.
The 10-year-old company essentially had been shut down since Aug. 24, when the FTC served Vemma with a temporary restraining order that it obtained on an ex parte basis. That TRO had come with the appointment of a temporary receiver to run the business and a freeze on the assets of the company as well as the other named defendants: CEO B.K. Boreyko and top distributors Tom and Bethany Alkazin. U.S. District Court Judge John J. Tuchi heard arguments related to the FTC’s request for a preliminary injunction on Sept. 15. He issued his ruling approximately one hour before the temporary restraining order was set to expire on Sept. 18.
Under the preliminary injunction, the judge is permitting Vemma to…
Continue to full article

 
 




Filed under News, US News
Tagged with Affiliate, Arizona, assets, B.K. Boreyko, Bethany Alkazin, Boreyko, BurnLounge, business practices, Court of Appeals, direct sales, Direct Selling, direct selling industry, direct selling news, distributors, DSN, DSN Global 100, DSNG100, federal judge, Federal Trade Commission, FHTM, Fortune Hi-Tech Marketing, freeze, FTC, illegal, John J. Tuchi, Judge, marketing, misrepresentation, mlm, Monitor, preliminary injunction, pyramid scheme, Robb Evans, Robb Evans & Associates LLC, temporary receiver, temporary restraining order, Tom Alkazin, TRO, Two & Go, Vemma, Vemma Nutrition, Vemma Nutrition Co. 




Vemma Battles FTC to Restart Operations


September 16, 2015
Leave a comment






Arizona-based Vemma Nutrition Co. had its day in court Sept. 15, making its case and asking Judge John J. Tuchi to lift or modify the terms of the court order that has put a halt to the company’s business.
In August, the Federal Trade Commission sued Vemma, accusing the company of being a pyramid scheme, making false and misleading income claims, and failing to provide appropriate income disclosures. The FTC requested and received an ex parte temporary restraining order with asset freeze and the appointment of a receiver, which meant Vemma executives did not have an opportunity to offer a defense prior to the order being issued. The FTC has asked the judge to extend the government’s control of the company with a preliminary injunction. It is the first significant FTC action in the direct selling space since the Ninth Circuit of the U.S. Court of Appeals’ 2014 ruling that BurnLounge Inc. was an illegal pyramid scheme. The court’s final decision will join existing case law in shaping the legal standards that govern direct selling in the United States and may provide new insight into how federal regulators view the distribution channel.
The more immediate issue for Vemma, however, is that the temporary receiver appointed in the case has shut down all company operations, including its international business units and retail sales. “There is no doubt that if this injunction is left in place we are never going back,” Vemma’s counsel said in his closing summary before the judge. The temporary restraining order expires at 2 p.m. local time on Friday, Sept. 18, and Judge Tuchi said he will issue his ruling before that deadline.
The courtroom was packed for the all-day hearing, which included cross examination of witnesses on both sides of the case: FTC investigator Matthew Thacker; professor Stacie Bosley, who provided an analysis of Vemma’s compensation plan for the FTC; Truth in Advertising Executive Director Bonnie Patten; Kenton Johnson, Executive Vice President of Robb Evans & Associates, the temporary receiver currently running the company; professor Emre Carr, Vemma’s compensation analysis expert; Allison Tengan, Vemma’s Vice President of Legal Affairs; and Vemma COO Brad Wayment.
During the hearing, the FTC continued to shape a sweeping case that Vemma’s compensation plan improperly paid Affiliates for recruiting and not for product sales to end users, its marketing materials made inaccurate income claims, and its compliance efforts were ineffective. The defense offered testimony to refute those assertions, arguing that the government built its case without using actual purchasing data from the company and by cherry-picking often out-of-date marketing materials. The defense also focused much of its time before the judge on building a case for why the TRO should be lifted or modified, including establishing that the receiver spent a combined 90 minutes with company management before deciding that he could not continue any aspect of Vemma’s operations under the terms of the TRO.





Filed under News, US News
Tagged with Allison Tengan, BK Boreyko, Bonnie Patten, Brad Wayment, BurnLounge, Compensation Plan, court, direct sales, Direct Selling, direct selling industry, direct selling news, DSN, DSN Global 100, DSNG100, Emre Carr, Federal Trade Commission, FTC, John J. Tuchi, Judge, Kenton Johnson, Matthew Thacker, mlm, Ninth Circuit, preliminary injunction, pyramid scheme, Robb Evans, Robb Evans & Associates, Stacie Bosley, TRO, Truth in Advertising, U.S. Court of Appeals, Vemma, Vemma Nutrition 








Share this page! 




Categories 
DSN Exclusives

90 Days Of Direct Selling

DSN Global 100

Exclusive Interviews

Special Publications

Special Reports



Features

Company Focus

Company Spotlight

Cover Story

Industry with Heart

Young Company Focus



Financials

Financial News



News

DSA News

Executive Announcements

News in Brief

US News

World News



Perspectives

DSA News

New Perspectives

Publisher's Note

Top Desk

Working Smart



Resources

DSA Events

DSEF

Personal Development



Success!


Follow the DSN Blog

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 395 other followers







 


  Recent Posts 

WorldVentures Announces Expansions into 4 Countries


The July issue of Direct Selling News is


DSN Makes Its Global 100 Celebration an Event to Remember


Direct Selling News Unveils Industry’s Top Companies in Eighth Annual DSN Global 100


2017 DSN Global 100 Celebration Facebook Event


2017 Best Places to Work in Direct Selling


Forces Under 40 2017


DSN Announces the 2017 Best Places to Work in Direct Selling


Tech Investments Help LegalShield Boost Memberships


USANA Promotes Three to VP Roles


 Top Links

Direct Selling News
Special Reprints


DSN on Twitter

				USANA Q2 Net Sales Down from 2016  directsellingnews.com/index.php/view… @USANAinc #DirectSelling https://t.co/KYuNfmfgaA 15 hours ago


				Direct Selling Is Booming in South Africa  directsellingnews.com/index.php/view… #DirectSelling https://t.co/1bXHQ5TiD6 21 hours ago


				Direct Selling and the Changing Face of Retail  directsellingnews.com/index.php/view… #DirectSelling @DSAssn https://t.co/4J9G6mLDXr 1 day ago


				Jeff Higginson Appointed CEO International of FuXion Biotech  directsellingnews.com/index.php/view… @fuxionoficial #DirectSelling https://t.co/UPUcGfAslM 6 days ago


				National Health Trends Q2 2017 Revenue Down  directsellingnews.com/index.php/view… @NHTGlobal_Corp #DirectSelling https://t.co/kphKqYMPq6 1 week ago

Follow @dsnupdate




Search DSN Blog

Search for:



 




Popular Tags90 Days of Direct Selling
ACN
Advocare
Ambit Energy
Amway
Australia
Avon
Bill Ackman
Brazil
business
California
Canada
China
Cindy Monroe
consultants
cosmetics
CVSL
Dallas
direct sales
Direct Selling
Direct Selling Association
direct selling industry
direct selling news
distributors
Doug DeVos
DSA
DSN
DSNG100
DSN Global 100
energy
Facebook
FTC
growth
health and wellness
Herbalife
IBO
Isagenix
Japan
John Fleming
leadership
LifeVantage
Mary Kay
Mexico
Michigan
mlm
Multi-level
Natura
Nerium
Nu Skin
nutrition
opportunity
Oriflame
PartyLite
Person-to-person
personal care
Philanthropy
Primerica
pyramid scheme
revenue
Russia
Scentsy
Sheri McCoy
skincare
Social Media
Stella & Dot
Texas
Thirty-One Gifts
Truman Hunt
Tupperware
Usana
Utah
Visalus
wellness
WFDSA
World Federation of Direct Selling Associations Direct Selling News FeedScentsy Releases New Portable Fragrance SystemMeridian, Idaho-based Scentsy, an international leader in home fragrance and décor products, recently introduced a new fragrance delivery system that easily transports instant fragrance.USANA Q2 Net Sales Down from 2016USANA Health Sciences Inc., the Salt Lake City, Utah-based wellness company, recently announced financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended July 1, 2017.Direct Selling Is Booming in South AfricaThe Direct Selling Association of South Africa (DSASA) recently announced its industry results at a gathering of the Association’s 34 direct sales business entities in Johannesburg. Ambit Energy Expands to JapanDallas, Texas-based Ambit Energy, the largest direct seller of energy and a leading U.S. retail energy provider, recently announced that it has expanded into Japan, the company’s first international market.4Life Research Names Catherine Larsen Vice President of ServiceSandy, Utah-based 4Life Research, the direct seller of wellness products, recently appointed Catherine Larsen to Vice President of Service. Tupperware Announces It Will Wind Down BeautiControlOrlando, Florida-based Tupperware Brands Corp. recently announced that, after being unable to find a buyer for its BeautiControl unit, it will wind down that business over approximately the next 60 to 90 days.Usborne Books Effort to Benefit CASAUsborne Books & More, the Oklahoma-based publisher of children’s book, recently launched the “Whatif … you could help a child?” project in Indiana to benefit abused and neglected children who must go to court because their parents can no longer care for them.Jeff Higginson Appointed CEO International of FuXion BiotechLima, Peru-based FuXion Biotech, the provider of nutritional beverages made from Andean, Amazonian and Oriental fruit and vegetable extracts, recently announced that industry veteran Jeff Higginson has been appointed to the newly created position of CEO International to help the company with rapid expansion.Herbalife Nutrition Introduces New Simply ProbioticLos Angeles-based Herbalife, the global nutrition company, recently announced the launch of Simply Probiotic, a new product designed to help the more than 74 percent of the United States population experiencing intestinal imbalances.Intuit and Stella & Dot to Simplify Finances for ConsultantsIntuit Inc. and Stella & Dot, the San Bruno, California-based global fashion accessories brand and social selling company, are working together to offer Stella & Dot Independent Business Owners in the United States and Canada the ability to manage their finances and tax obligations with QuickBooks Self-Employed (QBSE).  



Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.















Post to



Cancel







 








 








































































































































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Robb Evans & Associates Llc in Sun Valley, CA 91352 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Sun Valley
» Personal Services
» Robb Evans & Associates Llc













Robb Evans & Associates Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





11450 Sheldon St  Sun Valley, California 91352


(818) 768-8100
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Robb Evans & Associates Llc is located at the address 11450 Sheldon St in Sun Valley, California 91352.  They can be contacted via phone at (818) 768-8100 for pricing, hours and directions.  Robb Evans & Associates Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Kane  Brick, Chief Operating Officer or  go to www.robbevans.comRobb Evans & Associates Llc provides Business Accounts, Laminating, Engraving, Imprinting, & Embossing to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Robb Evans & Associates Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Robb Evans & Associates Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Binders
, Labels, Tags, & Stickers
, Albums
, Posters
, Letterheads
, Calendars
, Announcements & Invitations
, Packing Supplies
, Office Furniture
, Flyers & Newsletters



SERVICES


Engraving, Imprinting, & Embossing
, Printing
, Laminating
, Business Accounts
, Custom Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (818) 768-8100
Website: www.robbevans.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 800000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Personal Services
Professional Services
Stationery Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Paper & Paper Product Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


Data Center Technologies Consulting, Inc


8586 La Tuna Canyon Rd  Sun Valley, California 91352




U.s. Quartz Products, Inc


11830 Sheldon St  Sun Valley, California 91352




Tybro, Inc


11880 Peoria St  Sun Valley, California 91352




Jordan Education Media Inc


8430 Tujunga Ave  Sun Valley, California 91352




Active Magnetic Inspection


9356 1/2 San Fernando Rd  Sun Valley, California 91352




Reliable Home Services Inc.


11755 Sheldon St  Sun Valley, California 91352





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Kane  Brick
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Kenton  Johnson
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Anita  Jen
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Jesun  Paik
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Ed  Roop
CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Linda  Candler
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Ken  Chepin
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



Robb  Evans
MEMBER
Phone: (818) 768-8100 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










