




Everwaters, Inc – Account Manager | All Jobs in Kenya and beyond





































































 All Jobs in Kenya and beyond
0797530002 or email careragency@gmail.com











Everwaters, Inc – Account Manager

June 28, 2017 ·
by Carer Agency ·
			in Sales.			·



Increase your chances of getting a job interview, get a free review of your resume send it to careragency@gmail.com with REVIEW in caps as the subject line.
We can also assist you with this job application. Request job application assistance when getting  your review.
TO SUCCEED IN YOUR JOB SEARCH READ THE APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY

Company Location Kenya
Detailed Responsibility
Distributor sales

Analyses existing clients to identify gaps and sales opportunities; develops strategies to close sales
Continually identifies new potential clients and approaches them to increase sales volumes
KPI-focused individual who meets and exceeds set targets by effectively selling
Stakeholder and relationship management
Nurtures, builds & manages relationships with existing & new clients, seeking to understand their needs and how best to serve them
Proactively keeps customers informed of updates that might affect them (e.g. delays in delivery of filters)
Leverages their existing networks to build new client relationships and close sales
Liaises with other teams to efficiently meet clients’ needs in order to sustain long-term partnerships
Communication
Communicates with clients frequently to ensure delivery of a positive customer service experience
Communicates their ideas confidently and maintains composure in the face of adversity
Engages with Everwaters’ management and other teams using diverse tools and communication methods with respect to different time zones and urgency of subject matter
Does this sound like you?
You have 2-6 years’ experience in account management
You have managed multiple distributors or channel clients at a time
Do you have a ‘get-it-done’ attitude and are hands on?
You are detail oriented and number focused
You have experience driving sales of a push product in the Kenyan market
Apply Here

 

 

Advertisements




 


Share this:TweetTelegramWhatsAppLike this:Like Loading... 






Click Below to Get a New Resume We Can Rewrite Your Resume

Search This Site 
Search


SocialView Carer Agency Nairobi’s profile on FacebookView gaph72’s profile on TwitterView Phillip G’s profile on LinkedInView Carer Agent’s profile on Google+View Carer Agency’s profile on WordPress.orgTelegram Join Our Telegram Jobs Channel

Carer Agency Nairobi 

Carer Agency Nairobi

Join Our Facebook Group Facebook Group




Jobs By CategoryJobs By Category
Select Category
Accounting
Agricultural Jobs
Auditing
Carer Agency Jobs
Communications
Construction
Customer Care
Education
Engineering
Finance and Administration
Goverment Jobs
Hospitality Jobs
Human Resources
Information Technology
Internships
Law
MARKETING
Media Arts and Design
Medical
NGO
Operations
Real Estate
Resume and Cover Letter Tips
Sales
Salon an Barber Shop
Salons and Barber Shops
Security
Uncategorized
Unskilled


  Recent Jobs 

Kenya Airways – Outstations Accounts Analyst-East&North Africa, Europe & Asia .


Standard Bank – Customer Consultant – Nakuru Branch.


NEAR – Administration and Operations Assistant


BBC – Reporter


The White Resort – Chef, Housekeeper and Waitresses


 Most Popular 

						UNES- Assistant Accountant					



						Resume Writing and  Review					



						Sheffield Steel Systems - Credit Controller					



						Jubilee Insurance - Assistant Credit Controller .					

Subscribe to Job Updates

Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 





















 







 
 
%d bloggers like this:






































































































































 









  One for One Evolved: Social Entrepreneurship | Everwaters
  




































































































One-for-One Evolved: The Next Thing in Social Entrepreneurship
          
            
            
            Posted by Matthew Lisle on November 04, 2016


How can we make the number of people drinking clean water grow sustainably? There are a lot of ways to answer this question, but one particular approach to business-driven philanthropy has gotten a lot of attention in the past decade. Colloquially, it’s “one-for-one.” So what is one-for-one, and would it work for water?The “one-for-one” model, created by TOMS shoes, simply means that for every item, like a water filter or a pair of shoes, bought in the developed world would finance one of the same item donated in the developing world. It uses the buying power of the world’s wealthier to create an impact for the world’s poorer.The one-for-one model won several awards for its innovative approach to driving social impact with business, and it’s truly innovative component was how it connected the consumer buying at full price to the impact that they, as an individual, were creating in someone else’s life. I mean it doesn’t get any more tangible - by buying this thing, a deserving but under-resourced person gets one too? Awesome!Not awesome. The real impact of the model was called into question soon after it started. The most basic argument against it is that if a company shows up with a truck-load of products, what happens to the local businessman who makes those products? The local entrepreneur’s business stalls because the market has been flooded with free products. So, by buying the product, whoever makes it in the place receiving the donation gets put out of business. Not as uplifting, huh?BUT, people like the founder of TOMS and of other businesses that followed suit (Warby Parker and Soapbox Soaps to name a couple) iterated on the model to create the type of impact they were after all along. After all, social entrepreneurs are incentivized by more than just the bottom line, which is the reason why they have been pivoting their business models to drive local business instead of just donating products. 
Stop right there.That’s key. Growing through local business, according to experts, is indeed the way to achieve sustainable growth. TOMS has begun working with local manufacturers; Warby Parker uses part of its donation to train people how to give eye exams; and Soapbox Soaps finances hygiene education in addition to donating physical soap. Pretty good ideas, right?
So what about water? Would a similar model work? Water is fundamentally different. With water, you cannot as easily divide countries into the “haves” and the “have-nots” because, well, look at the lead crisis in the US. Not only that, the type of water solution - a community system, a personal water filter, an industrial facility - varies widely not just from country to country, but from town to town and city to city. I’ll take it even further, if the wrong system is implemented, the situation can get worse rather than better.To make a tangible and long-term impact with personal water filters, then, working with local business in the region of impact - whether that’s in the U.S. or in Kenya, for example - is the most important component of sustainability. Is someone getting one for free? No (except maybe in an emergency) , and that’s the most important part. Think about it this way, if someone asked if they could give you a product for free, the natural reaction is, “why are you giving it away - is something wrong with it?” Instead, other innovative ways, like selling via a payment plan with a small upfront cost, are devised to make the product affordable.​That’s the way a business can truly create impact that can scale: everyone needs water, so let’s create a model focused on the interdependence of businesses and consumers to make products that improve lives. Everwaters is doing just that.





Share



Tweet






                ← Older Post
              



                Newer Post →
              






Leave a comment


Name

Email



Message






























 









  Filter Element – Everwaters
  

























































































































Filter Element


A natural water filter element tested to reduce lead, bacteria, cysts, and chlorine for 400 gallons. We recommend replacing every 6 months if a whole family is using it, 9 months if there are about 3 users, and 12 months if there are 1-2 users.
Our Guarantee: Cancel your pre-order anytime for a full refund. If you get it and don't love it, return your products within 30 days of receipt for a full refund.
FREE SHIPPING in contiguous US. Estimated to arrive in April 2017.
(List Price: $49)
















One-time purchase	  





 Subscribe & Save
10%: 





				Deliver every
				
					

                        	6 
                        	
                        	
                              Months
                        	
                      

                        	9 
                        	
                        	
                              Months
                        	
                      

                        	12 
                        	
                        	
                              Months
                        	
                      



See details








Default Title


Quantity




Add to Cart 
•
$39.00














































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 
 





















 





Everwaters, Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more


















 

















Everwaters, Inc.

    Mobile commerce to directly deliver water filters to consumers in Africa    






















 












Overview






                            New York City, US                            



 




















            Founders                    







                Admin            



Adrian Lievano

                                                    Co-Founder, CEO                                                
MechEngineering graduate from UPENN (B.S.E & M.S.E)








                Admin            



Matthew Lisle























                Everwaters is a technology, consumer-facing startup selling high-quality, affordable water filters to developed and developing markets with the mission of promoting clean drinking water around the world....
            

                Everwaters is a technology, consumer-facing startup selling high-quality, affordable water filters to developed and developing markets with the mission of promoting clean drinking water around the world.            
More information

























            Recommendations                    


























Alicia Syrett
 Founder & CEO at Pantegrion Capital LLC


                                    I met the founders, Adrian and Matt, on CNBC's primetime show, Make Me A Millionaire Inventor, & personally invested last May. I led a small round (~$200k) & joined their Board. They are two exceptionally bright, mechanical engineers who are also hardworking and coachable. They are pioneering mobile commerce in emerging markets while continuing to use their engineering backgrounds to innovate in product research & design. 

Despite only graduating from UPenn (with high honors) ~1 ago, they have already achieved major milestones. They received a $200k grant from UPenn to start Everwaters; they completed Parallel 18's accelerator ($40k in non-dilutive funding); they completed a successful Kickstarter campaign ($25k+ revenues); they have a patent pending on the use of the moringa as an anti-bacterial coating on their plant-based water filters; and, they've added senior executives to their Advisory Board.

They have tremendous potential to grow from here with the right support and advice.                                








 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by

















Everwaters Inc in Bryn Mawr, PA (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Everwaters Inc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Everwaters Inc

Everwaters Inc imports from Guangdong Haixing Plastic&rubber Co in China through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Everwaters Inc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 JC PENNEY
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
 SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS AMERICA INCORPO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Everwaters Inc
Everwaters Inc imports from Guangdong Haixing Plastic&rubber Co in China through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



GUANGDONG HAIXING PLASTIC&RUBBER CO
RD NO.3, ZHUMEI, JIEDONG, ECONOMIC TESTING ZONE, JIEYANG GD CN


EVERWATERS INC
626 WINSFORD ROAD, BRYN MAWR PA 19010 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



GENCO
1400 LOMBARDI AVE



ITEM NO: EPGRV01 DESCRIPTION: WATER FILTER KIT CTN MEASUREMENTS: CM PKG/CTN: PCS GW: KGS NW: KGS COMPANY ADDRESS: EVERWATERS , INC. ATTN: HC 700 COMME
ITEM NO: EPGRV01 DESCRIPTION: WATER FILTER KIT CTN MEASUREMENTS: CM PKG/CTN: PCS GW: KGS NW: KGS COMPANY ADDRESS: EVERWATERS , INC. ATTN: HC 700 COMMERCE PARKWAY WEST DRIVE GREENWOOD, INDIANA 46143

View more




Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



EGLV149700043097


TCLU1266035
TCLU1266035


Product Description




WATER DISPENSER C/W ACCESSORIES 2 PACKAGES(46 CTNS )
WATER DISPENSER C/W ACCESSORIES 2 PACKAGES(46 CTNS )









Bill of LadingNAQAZLAX7949094VArrival Date2017-03-05Weight (LB)836Weight (KG)380UnitsCMQuantity46 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.0972EPort of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameEVER USEFULCarrier CodeNAQACountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptSHENZHEN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Everwaters Inc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Everwaters Inc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Everwaters Inc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Everwaters Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Vinicola Geisse Ltda                                



                                    Nilam Patel                                



                                    Justine Eireli - Me                                



                                    Oblige Llc                                



                                    Akers (berlaimont)                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.4802
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X



















Everwaters, Inc. Jobs in Kenya July 2017 | Jobs in Kenya












































Employers, Post Job





Jobs
Training & Courses
Job Tips
CV Builder








Register 

 Login   |











 
 
 


Jobs by Location ￬

Nairobi Jobs
Mombasa Jobs
Karatina Jobs
Nakuru Jobs
Marsabit Jobs
Others
» View All Locations
 


Jobs by Field ￬

Administration / Secretarial Jobs
Sales / Marketing Jobs
Engineering / Technical Jobs
Finance / Accounting / Audit Jobs
Information Technology ( ICT ) Jobs
Medical / Health / Safety Jobs
Oil and Gas / Energy Jobs
Education / Teaching Jobs
Transportation and Driving Jobs
Human Resources / HR Jobs
Media / Advertising / Branding Jobs
Logistics Jobs
Customer Care Jobs
Pharmaceutical Jobs
Graduate / Internships Jobs
» View All Fields
 


Jobs by Education ￬

First School Leaving Certificate (FSLC)
Secondary School (SSCE)
NCE
OND
BA/BSc/HND
MBA/MSc/MA
PhD/Fellowship
Vocational
Others
 


Jobs by Industry ￬

 ICT / Telecommunications
NGO / Non-Profit Associations
Oil and Gas / Energy / Marine
Manufacturing / FMCG
Banking / Financial Services
Healthcare / Medical
Education / Teaching
Engineering / Power / Energy
Media / Radio / TV
Government Agencies
» View All Industries
 


Jobs by Date ￬

Today
Yesterday
This Week
Last Week
This Month
Last Month
 



 




Everwaters, Inc.

Industry Manufacturing / Production / FMCG 
Founded2015
TypePrivate
Website http://www.everwaters.io 
AddressMuthangari Drive, Westlands Nairobi, Kenya 000000 Kenya
 Locate Everwaters, Inc. address on Google map




Latest Jobs / Vacancies in Kenya at Everwaters, Inc.

Account Manager
 Everwaters combines the power of nature and modern technology to offer exceptional water filters at great prices for families around the world.
...[...]
Date Posted: 27 Jun 2017 
 





 

1

View All Jobs in Kenya Today

Locate Everwaters, Inc. address - Muthangari Drive, Westlands Nairobi, Kenya 000000 Kenya on Google map





 
About Everwaters, Inc.

Everwaters combines the power of nature and modern technology to offer exceptional consumer water filtration products at great prices for families around the world. Our mission is to keep families healthy, happy, and hydrated! Advanced Filtration We partner with only the best: our partners have over 185 years of experience testing, manufacturing, and perfecting the craft of water filtration. Our products are certified to NSF International Standards for the effective reduction of viruses, bacteria & protozoa, lead, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, and much more, totaling 70+ contaminants. Natural materials, like sintered ceramic and coconut-based carbon, help retain healthy minerals and recommended amounts of fluoride. No batteries required, meaning you and your family can rely on Everwaters even in an emergency. Open, fill, drink. Easy! Mission Driven Inspired by a trip to Kenya, our Co-Founders designed a water filter with the goal of democratizing clean water for families around the world. Because of what our water filter removes, we aspire to bring it everywhere. We directly work on the ground with local businesses to distribute our water filters to urban, peri-urban, and rural homes in emerging markets, starting in East Africa. People Matter We are built on authenticity, transparency, and accountability to make sure our water is safe and healthy. Our team is driven to continuously innovate, protect, and satisfy our customers by delivering quality products and experiences for everyone, for life.



Related Companies
British American Tobacco (BAT)
Highlands Mineral Water Company
Procter & Gamble
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
IFFCO
BURN
Kingsway Tyres Limited
Uplands Premium Dairies



I GOT A SMALL AMOUNT OF MONEY 
junior staff that dealt about where do people get water from , how clean it is and how long distance it is at NWSB MUHIDIN TAWANE HUSSEIN 


People are getting jobs daily!
Share Your Story »







Enter your email to be the first to know about all jobs in Kenya 




Enter one word that best describes the job you are looking for








About MyJobMag Kenya
MyJobMag.co.ke is a fast growing job website in Kenya.
We assist job seekers by providing latest and verified job adverts and career information from employers and recruiters in all Kenyan provinces. We ensure candidates get to apply for insider job vacancies that go unadvertised both online and in newspapers. Our job services are FREE ie. we do not expect jobseekers to pay for our career services. Subscribe to MyJobMag.co.ke via the following channels: email, Facebook, Twitter and Google+





Candidates
Job Listing
Trainings & Courses
Build your CV
Career Tips & Info
Testimonials




Companies
Let Us Shortlist For You
Post a Job
Advertise Courses
Advertise Services




Sharing
Job Widget
Detailed RSS Feed
Summarized RSS Feed
Sitemap (HTML)




Extras
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use



 
 





Copyright © 2017 MyJobMag | Email: services@myjobmag.co.ke







