

EvaMedia Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:04 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of EvaMedia Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Brown Grotto Acquisition Corp is a blank check company. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Newport Beach, California.


215 Apolena AvenueNewport Beach, CA 92662United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 949-673-4510








Key Executives for EvaMedia Corp.




Mr. David Boulette


      	Chief Executive Officer, President & Director
      


Age: 37
        







Mr. Mark Corrao


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 60
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

EvaMedia Corp. Key Developments

EvaMedia Corp. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 16 17
On 05/16/2017, EvaMedia Corp. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


EverythingAmped, Inc. Approves Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
May 3 17
The board of directors of EverythingAmped, Inc. unanimously approved the change of the Registrant's name to EvaMedia Corp. and filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation on April 28, 2017 reflecting such change with the State of Delaware.


EverythingAmped, Inc. has Changed its Name to EvaMedia Corp
May 3 17
On April 28, 2017, EverythingAmped, Inc. changed its name to EvaMedia Corp.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 16, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact EvaMedia Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	EDGAR Online Pro 































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics
















































Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP
 05/19/17 (03/31/17) 


NT 10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP
 05/16/17 (03/31/17) 


8-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP) 
 05/03/17 (04/28/17) 


10-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP) 
 03/30/17 (12/31/16) 


8-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP) 
 02/23/17 (02/16/17) 


8-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP) 
 11/21/16 (11/15/16) 


10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP) 
 11/14/16 (09/30/16) 


10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 08/09/16 (06/30/16) 


10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 05/16/16 (03/31/16) 


8-K/A

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 05/16/16 (05/16/16) 


10-K/A

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 04/18/16 (12/31/15) 


10-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 04/14/16 (12/31/15) 


8-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 04/12/16 (04/07/16) 


NT 10-K

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 03/30/16 (12/31/15) 


10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 11/20/15 (09/30/15) 


NT 10-Q

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) 
 11/17/15 (09/30/15) 


SC 13D

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) (BOULETTE DAVID) 
 09/22/15 


3

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) (BOULETTE DAVID) 
 09/17/15 (09/16/15) 


SC 13G/A

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) (CASSIDY JAMES M) 
 09/17/15 


SC 13G

EVAMEDIA CORP(EVERYTHINGAMPED, INC.) (MCKILLOP JAMES K) 
 09/17/15 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 32




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
                
             
             


[ Show Next 12 Results ] 





























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement













 SECGems: EvaMedia Corp 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 EvaMedia Corp 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
36













	 
	
	 20 ERB STREET
	 
	  UNIT 504
	
	   WATERLOOS, 
	   A6, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 Canada
		
	
	   226-749-4367    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2017-05-16EvaMedia Corp


2016-11-14EverythingAmped Corp


2015-09-17EverythingAmped, Inc.


2015-09-17Brown Grotto Acquisition Corp2015-02-19








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001634413
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
473165462
Std. Industrial Class.
6770 BLANK CHECKS










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 Boulette David (0001653409) 


1




 CASSIDY JAMES M (0001084458) 


2




 McKillop James K (0001450604) 


2











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Boulette David (0001653409) 


2




 Brown Grotto Acquisition Corp (0001634413) 


37




 CASSIDY JAMES M (0001084458) 


4




 EverythingAmped Corp (0001634413) 


8




 EverythingAmped, Inc. (0001634413) 


23




 McKillop James K (0001450604) 


4







 








db
 
 










































EverythingAmped Corp (EAMP) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




EverythingAmped Corp (EAMP) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Saturday, December 31, 2016














last10k.com/sec-filings/eamp/0001493152-17-003052.htm



10-K Annual Summary
10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics




Document and Entity Information - USD ($)12 Months EndedDec. 31, 2016Mar. 30, 2017Jun. 30, 2016Document And Entity Information   Entity Registrant NameEverythingAmped Corp  Entity Central Index Key0001634413  Document Type10-K  Document Period End DateDec. 31,  2016  Amendment Flagfalse  Current Fiscal Year End Date--12-31  Is Entity a Well-known Seasoned IssuerNo  Is Entity a Voluntary FilerNo  Is Entity's Reporting Status CurrentYes  Entity Filer CategorySmaller Reporting Company  Entity Public Float  $ 0Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 3,992,491 Document Fiscal Period FocusFY  Document Fiscal Year Focus2016  






Click to view a specific section in this 10-K Report
View entire 10-K Report
Balance Sheets
Balance Sheets (parenthetical)
Statements Of Operations
Statement Of Changes In Shareholders' Deficit
Statements Of Cash Flows
Nature Of Operations And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies
Going Concern
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Stockholders' Deficit
Income Taxes
Subsequent Events
Nature Of Operations And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (policies)
Income Taxes (tables)
Nature Of Operations And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (details Narrative)
Going Concern (details Narrative)
Stockholders' Deficit (details Narrative)
Income Taxes (details Narrative)
Income Taxes - Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Provision For Income Taxes At United States Federal Statutory Rate (details)
Income Taxes - Schedule Of Components Of Deferred Income Tax Assets (details)
Subsequent Events (details Narrative)


 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1634413/000149315217003052/form10-k.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 31.1 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1634413/000149315217003052/ex31-1.htm



                    Exhibit 31.2 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1634413/000149315217003052/ex31-2.htm



                    Exhibit 32.1 - SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1634413/000149315217003052/ex32-1.htm



                    Exhibit 32.2 - SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1634413/000149315217003052/ex32-2.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001493152-17-003052
Submitted to the SEC: Thursday, March 30, 2017
Accepted by the SEC: Thursday, March 30, 2017
Period Ending: December 2016












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



1634413




10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportMarch 2017






10-K Annual ReportApril 2016

 




10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2017

10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2015
 


EverythingAmped Corp






























 





Products Products | JustChill CORP





































 













WHOLESALE DIRECT From Just Chill Products!




REGISTER ACCOUNT
My Account
Contact Us













 



REGISTER ACCOUNT
PRODUCT CATALOG

CBD Gummies
0.5ml GOLD
1ml  GOLD
3ml  GOLD
1ml  SILVER
1g Concentrate Wax
Batteries








								Login





Cart
/ $0.00


0






No products in the cart.



















Home/Product 


	Showing all 9 results


Default sortingSort by popularitySort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low 




 Filter


















Sale!



All Products 

Wholesale/Bulk Starter Pack!


 












All Products 

CBD Concentrate Oil – 1g


 













All Products 

CBD Gummies


 













All Products 

Auto Draw Battery


 












All Products 

CBD Oil Tincture
Read more 

 













All Products 

Free Poster!


 












All Products 

1ml Vape Pen CBD Oil Gold
Read more 

 












All Products 

0.5ml Vape Pen CBD Oil Gold
Read more 

 












All Products 

3ml Vape Pen CBD Oil Gold
Read more 

 





















CartRecent ReviewsWholesale/Bulk Starter Pack!by Cassandra 











REGISTER ACCOUNT
PRODUCT CATALOG

CBD Gummies
0.5ml GOLD
1ml  GOLD
3ml  GOLD
1ml  SILVER
1g Concentrate Wax
Batteries



Login



REGISTER ACCOUNT
My Account
Contact Us


































Everythingamped Corp 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Everythingamped Corp 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP 8-K Date: 11/21/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

 


 


 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934

 

November
15, 2016

Date of
Report

(Date of
Earliest Event Reported)

 


EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

 




Delaware



 



000-
55386



 



47-3165462





(State or
other jurisdiction



 



(Commission



 



(IRS
Employer





 of
incorporation)



 



File
Number)



 



Identification
No.)




 

20 Erb
Street, Unit 504

Waterloos,
Ontario, Canada N2J 4A4

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

 

226-749-4367

(Registrant’s
Telephone Number)

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

 




[  ]



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)





 



 





[  ]



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)





 



 





[  ]



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))





 



 





[  ]



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))




 

 


 


 




 



 



 




  

 




 



 



 




 
 

ITEM 5.02
Appointment of Director and Chief Financial Officer

 

On
November 15, 2016, David Boulette, as the majority shareholder and
sole director of the Company, appointed Phil Aspin as a director
and Mark Corrao as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, both
to serve until their successors are elected and duly qualify. On
November 17, 2016, David Boulette, in his same capacities,
appointed Brian Fields as a director of the Company.

 

Phil
Aspin, 36, is a dynamic, highly trained and skilled business
developer, with a deep understanding of the online market place,
online strategy and a flair for innovation. Demonstrable, defined
and measurable success in every role to date with a proven track
record in generating revenue, hitting targets, driving business
goals and managing multi-million dollar projects. Comprehensive
experience working in fast paced environments and possessing strong
influencing skills at all levels of senior business leaders and
stakeholders.

 

He was the
Chief Executive Officer of Click.net from May 2009 – April
2016 (7 years) in Dubai, UAE. He was initially responsible for the
start up of Click.net back in 2009, which included facilitating the
build of all systems, generation of all legal documentation,
corporate site and structuring of the sales and execution strategy.
From August 2006 – May 2009, he ran a division of ValueClick
Europe, and he held various positions in other entities in the
industry starting in 2002. Mr. Aspin is suited to be a director of
the Company due to his experience in online marketing.

 

Brian
Fields, 39, Brian Fields has over 15 years of advertising/media
experience. Currently (from April 2014 to present), he is the owner
of Hoszu Inc. a consultation company dedicated to advertising and
media. He is also on the advisory board for Social Nature, a social
product sampling community that motivates consumers to buy natural
products. Brian is also the co-founder of Urban Fields Inc. a real
estate investment company that transforms communities and
specializes in Residential/Commercial Leasing.

 

He was
most recently VP of Canada at Silicon Valley based Mode Media
(formerly Glam Media), a platform for content discovery, native
distribution and advertising (from March 2011 to Dec. 2014). At
Mode Media, Brian was responsible for the success of the Canadian
office and was also responsible for driving revenue for Emerging
Markets including Australia and China.

 

Brian
worked at Mode Media after they had purchased Boxer B-Scene Media
where he was Founder and CEO (from February 2005 to March 2011).
Prior to starting BBS Media, Brian was Account Planning Manager at
Mediacom and serviced BMW / TD and other CPG clients. His
advertising career launched at Bates Canada (from May 2003 to Dec
2005), where he planned multi media channels for Hyundai Automotive
Group. Mr. Field is suited to be a director because of his long
standing media experience.

 

Mr.
Aspin’s and Mr. Field’s outside director agreements
call for a fee of $1500 per board meeting, and they are each being
granted 300,000 shares of the Company’s common stock,
restricted as to resale, which shall vest in three 100,000 share
amounts on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the
execution of their respective outside director
agreements.

 




 



 



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

Mark
Corrao, 59, has experience in financial management with a proven
track record of raising capital and extraordinary bottom line
management. He has been involved in the initial registration of
numerous public companies and subsequent SEC quarterly and annual
reporting and has developed, authored and presented numerous
business plans and models inclusive of budgets, forecasts, cash
flow, cash management and investment strategies.

 

His
professional background is extensive. From 2012 to present he has
been a Managing Director and CFO of The Mariner Group LLC, which
has merged with the CFO Squad, creating a much larger and diverse
multi-talented organization. The CFO Squad is a financial and
business advisory firm providing outsourced and part-time CFO
services for emerging to midsized companies (both private and
public) in a wide range of businesses and industries. He has been
the Chief Financial Officer and a director from 2012 –
present of KannaLife Sciences, Inc., a pharmaceutical company
specializing in the research and development of novel and new
therapeutic agents designed to reduce oxidative stress and act as
immune-modulators and neuroprotectants. From 2010-12, he served as
Chief Financial Officer of New York Business Efficiency Experts,
Inc. which provides professional services in the financial areas of
accounting, taxation, auditing, venture capital and SEC
registrations (reporting). He served as a Director (from
2001–2013) and Chief Financial Officer (2001–2010) of
StrikeForce Technologies, Inc. Edison, NJ, a manufacturer of
proprietary software for the prevention of identity theft and the
protection of computer systems from unauthorized access.

 

The CFO
has a consulting agreement on a month to month basis with a monthly
fee of $3500 commencing upon a significant financing to the
Company, at which time the agreement shall convert into an
executive employment agreement with no less than a one year
term.

 


ITEM 9.01
EXHIBITS

 

10.1  
Director Agreement with Phil Aspin

10.2
  CFO Consulting Agreement with Mark Corrao

10.3
  Director Agreement with Brian Fields

 




 



 



 




  

 




 



 



 




 


SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunder duly authorized.

 




Date:
November 21, 2016



 





 



/s/ David
Boulette





 



Chief
Executive Officer




 




 



 



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

 

 

    

 

EVERYTHINGAMPED,
CORP.

 

Date:
Nov 16 , 2016

 

To: Nov
16, 2019

 

Dear Mr
Phil Aspin

 

This is to
confirm the terms of your appointment as a Non-Executive Director
of EverythingAmped, Corp. (the “Company”).

 

Overall,
in terms of time commitment, we expect your attendance at all the
Board of Directors (the “Board”) meetings, meetings of
the audit, compensation and nomination committees of the Board (as
applicable) and the General Meetings (if requested). In addition,
you will be expected to devote appropriate preparation time ahead
of each meeting. Board meetings may be held within or outside the
United States of America as the Company may decide.

 

By
accepting this appointment, you have confirmed that you are able to
allocate sufficient time to meet the expectations of this
position.

 

1. For and
in consideration of the services to be performed by you, Company
agrees to pay you as follows:

 

1.1 Fee
equal to the amount of $__1,500___ (U.S. Dollars) per board meeting
(“Fee”).

 

1.2
Stock. Subject to all approvals required by law, the
Company will grant you, pursuant to the incentive plan to be
adopted by the Company, if any (the “Plan”) and upon
such terms and conditions as determined by the Compensation
Committee or the Board (as applicable), _300,000___ common stock of
the Company, par value US$ 0.01_ per share (the
“Stock”).

 

1.2.1
Term of Stock . All Stock, without derogating from
the aforesaid, if the Plan that shall be approved by the Company
shall include additional provisions related to the Stock, such
provisions shall also apply with respect to all Stock granted to
you under this letter of appointment.

 

1.2.2
Vesting . All Stock granted to you shall vest in
__3___ equal installments of _100,000_ per year on each of the 1st
, 2 nd
and
3 rd
anniversary
of the date of the Stock grant in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Plan.

 

1.2.3
General . All Stock granted to you shall be in effect
subject to your continuous service as a member of the Board and
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, including such
terms related to vesting and expiration, and subject to such terms
and conditions as will be approved by the Company, at its sole
discretion. In case of contradiction between the provisions of this
letter of appointment and the provisions of the Plan, the
provisions of the Plan shall supersede.

 

1.2.4
Certain Representations . You represent and agree
that you are accepting the Stock being issued to you pursuant to
this Agreement (collectively, the “Securities”) for
your own account and not with a view to or for sale of distribution
thereof. You understand that the Securities are restricted
securities and you understand the meaning of the term
“restricted securities.” You further represent that you
were not solicited by publication of any advertisement in
connection with the receipt of the shares and that you have
consulted tax counsel as needed regarding the shares.

 

1.3
Company agrees to reimburse you for out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by you in connection with your service (including out of pocket
expenses and transportation expenses, provided that such expenses
are against original and valid receipts and pre-approved by the
Company in writing (the “Expenses”).

 

1.4
Payment of the Expenses, as applicable, shall be made against your
itemized invoice following the receipt of the relevant invoice,
which invoice shall be submitted to the Company within seven (7)
days of the end of each calendar month during the term of this
letter of appointment.

 

1.5 For
the avoidance of any doubt, the Fees and the Stock (subject to
their terms) and the aforementioned Expenses constitute the full
and final consideration for your appointment, and you shall not be
entitled to any additional consideration, of any form, for your
appointment and service.

 

2. The
term of your appointment as a Non-Executive Director of the Company
shall be for three years or until the next Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.

 




 



1



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

3. You
will undertake such travelling as may reasonably be necessary for
the performance of your duties, including travelling overseas for
Board meetings and site visits if required.

 

4. You
will undertake such duties and powers relating to the Company, and
any subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company (the
“Group”) as the Board may from time to time reasonably
request. Directors have the same general legal responsibilities to
the Company as any other director. The Board as a whole is
collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company
by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs, inter
alia , as follows:

 




 



●



Providing
entrepreneurial leadership of the Group within a framework of
prudent and effective controls which enable risk to be assessed and
managed; and





 



 



 





 



●



Setting
the Group’s strategic aims, ensures that the necessary
financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet
its objectives and reviews management performance; and





 



 



 





 



●



Setting
the Group’s values and standards and ensures that its
obligations to its shareholders and others are understood and
met.




 

5.
Confidential Information

 

5.1
Confidential Information You undertake to the Company that you
shall maintain in strict confidentiality all trade, business,
technical or other information regarding the Company, the Group,
its affiliated entities and their business affairs including,
without limitation, all marketing, sales, technical and business
know-how, intellectual property, trade secrets, identity and
requirements of customers and prospective customers, the
Company’s methods of doing business and any and all other
information relating to the operation of the Company (collectively,
the “Confidential Information”). You shall at no time
disclose any Confidential Information to any person, firm, or
entity, for any purpose unless such disclosure is required in order
to fulfil your responsibilities as director. You further undertake
that you shall not use such Confidential Information for personal
gain.

 

“Confidential
Information” shall not include information that (i) is or
becomes part of the public domain other than as a result of
disclosure by you, (ii) becomes available to you on a
non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company,
provided that the source is not bound with respect to that
information by a confidentiality agreement with the Group or is
otherwise prohibited from transmitting that information by a
contractual legal or other obligation, or (iii) can be proven by
you to have been in your possession prior to disclosure of the
information by the Company. In the event that you are requested or
required (by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for
information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or
other process) to disclose any Confidential Information, it is
agreed that you, to the extent practicable under the circumstances,
will provide the Company with prompt notice of any such request or
requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective
order or waive compliance with this paragraph 6. If a protective
order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder has not been obtained,
you may disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information
which you are legally compelled to disclose.

 

5.2
Blackout Period . You understand that we have a
policy pursuant to which no officer, director or key executive may
not engage in transactions in our stock during the period
commencing two weeks prior to the end of a fiscal quarter and
ending the day after the financial information for the quarter and
year have been publicly released. As a member of the audit
committee, if you have information concerning our financial results
at any time, you may not engage in transactions in our securities
until the information is publicly disclosed.

 

6. Term
and Termination

 

6.1
Subject to paragraph 6.2 hereunder, this appointment shall
terminate immediately and without claim for compensation on the
occurrence of any of the following events:

 

6.1.1 if
you resign as a director of the Company for any reason;
and/or

 

6.1.2 if
this appointment is cancelled by the holder or the holders of the
shares by which you were appointed; and/or

 

6.1.3 if
you were appointed by other directors in order to temporary fill
vacancy on the Board and said appointment is cancelled by the
Board; and/or

 

6.1.4 if
you are removed or not re-appointed as a director of the Company at
a General Meeting of the Company in accordance with the
requirements of Nevada Revised Statutes and/or any other applicable
law or regulation (the “Law”) and/or the
Company’s Articles of Incorporation; and/or

 




 



2



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

6.1.5 if
you have been declared bankrupt or made an arrangement or
composition with or for the benefit of your creditors;
and/or

 

6.1.6 if
you have been disqualified from acting as a director (including,
but not limited to, an event in which you are declared insane or
become of unsound mind or become physically incapable of performing
your functions as director for a period of at least 60 days) ;
and/or

 

6.1.7 with
your death and if you are a corporation or either entity, with your
liquidation.

 

6.1.8 if
an order of a court having jurisdiction over the Company requires
you to resign.

 

6.2 Any
termination of this letter of appointment shall be without payment
of damages or compensation (except that you shall be entitled to
any accrued Fees or Expenses properly incurred under the terms of
this letter of appointment prior to the date of such
termination).

 

6.3 On
termination of this appointment, you shall return all property
belonging to a Group company, together with all documents, papers,
disks and information, howsoever stored, relating to a Group
company and used by you in connection with this position with the
Company.

 

7. Subject
to the proper performance of your obligations to the Company under
this letter of appointment and any applicable law, the Company
agrees that you will be free to accept other appointments and
directorships provided that:

 

7.1 They
do not in any way conflict with the interests of the C


 








 















IsaProduct.com - US































Skip Content













Weight Loss











Energy











Performance





























Healthy Aging











Opportunity












Member Login
























Search


















































LOADING...
















0 results found
Sorry, we couldn't find content that matched your request. Please check spelling or try different keywords.






Not finding what you're looking for?
Try browsing or searching the Resource Center.
Search Resource Center















 


















 



Welcome to IsaProduct






                IsaProduct is the ultimate resource for everything you want to know about Isagenix products. Whether you’re looking to lose pounds and inches, improve performance and recovery, or combat the aging process and improve overall health, Isagenix has long-term health and fitness solutions for you.
              







Select a solution below that meets your needs:















                        Weight Loss
                      







                          Weight Loss
                        
 Our Weight Loss Solutions help you safely and effectively lose pounds and inches, build lean muscle, cleanse away harmful toxins, manage stress and improve energy.







                          Weight Loss
                        
Reach Your Goals















                        ​Energy
                      







                          Energy
                        
 Conquer every day feeling vibrant and refreshed. One key to improving performance in the gym, office, and everyday life is feeling alert, awake, and focused.






                          Energy
                        
Fuel Your Life















                        Performance
                      







                          Performance
                        
 All the gym time in the world won’t yield results without the right nutrition. Build lean muscle by fueling your body with the nutrition it craves.






                          Performance
                        
Maximize Results

































                        Healthy Aging
                      

























                          Healthy Aging
                        
 Healthy aging and improved vitality are now within reach. Our Healthy Aging Solutions combine the latest advances in nutritional cleansing with nourishing meal replacements. Using a smart, flexible, long-term program, this solution helps you enjoy higher energy, lean body mass and an overall healthier lifestyle.
























                          Healthy Aging
                        
Live Healthy




















Product Resources
Systems and Paks Training Videos
IsagenixHealth.net
IsagenixPodcast.com





Product Resources

Isagenix Product list
Product Catalog
Product Catalog (Spanish)
Allergen Table 
Recipes
IsaBodyChallenge.com (Website)
30-Day Shake Day and Cleanse Day Planner
400-600 Calorie Meal Ideas
Science and Clinical Research Studies



Systems and Paks Training Videos

How to Use the 30-Day Cleansing and Fat Burning System
How to Use the 9-Day System
How to Do a Cleanse Day
9 Tips To Prepare For a Successful Cleanse Day
How to Use the Healthy Aging and Telomere Support System



IsagenixHealth.net

How to Be a Better Cleanse Coach
9 Tips To Prepare For a Successful Cleanse Day
What to Have for a Third Meal on Isagenix Shake Days
More IsagenixHealth.com Articles...



IsagenixPodcast.com

Explaining the Isagenix No-Compromise Policy
The Science Behind 5 Popular Isagenix Products
How to Break Through Weight-Loss Plateaus
More Product Education Podcasts...











Coaching Call (New Schedule)




 

A product expert right at your fingertips.


5-Star Golden Circle and Clinical Nutritionist Dr. Ina Nozek, DC, MS will answer your questions. Need an answer to a frequently asked question right away? See Dr. Ina's "Top 25 Questions About Isagenix" or "11 Questions to Ask Yourself When The Scale Won't Budge".
 
Monday and Wednesday 8-8:30 a.m. PST and 6:30-7 p.m. PST
Friday 8-8:30 a.m. PST
1-719-867-0497, code 457415#
Toll-free number: 1-877-647-3411, code 457415# 
              
            








Minute Myth Busters




























8 Steps to Safe and Pure Isagenix Health Products







Minute Myth Busting: All Antioxidants Are The Same







Minute Myth Busting: All Protein Is The Same







Minute Myth Busting: All Carbs Are Bad For You













Isagenix Products





Weight Loss Solutions
Energy Solutions
Performance Solutions
Healthy Aging Solutions
Age-Defining Skincare
Snacks & Mini Meals
Targeted Solutions & Daily Health





Paks

30 Day System
30 Day System Dairy-Free Option
9-Day System
Shake and Cleanse Pak

Individual Products

Cleanse for Life
IsaFlush
IsaLean Shake
IsaLean Shake Dairy-Free
IsaLean Shake Kosher
Natural Accelerator



Paks

Energy System
Shake & Shot Pak

Individual Products

e+
Ionix® Supreme
Isagenix Coffee



Paks

Athlete's Pak
Performance System

Individual Products

AMPED Fuel
AMPED™ Hydrate
AMPED™ Nox
AMPED™ Power
AMPED™ Recover
IsaLean® PRO Shake
IsaPro® Whey Protein



Paks

Every Day Essentials Pak
Healthy Aging and Telomere Support System
Healthy Lifestyle Pak
Total Health and Longevity System
Total Health & Wellness: 4 Pillars of Health

Individual Products

Complete Essentials Daily Pack
Complete Essentials™ with IsaGenesis®
CytoActives™
IsaGenesis®
IsaOmega Supreme™



Paks

Rejuvity Essentials Pak
Rejuvity® Skincare System
Rejuvity® Skincare System with Complete Essentials™ Daily Pack

Individual Products

Refreshing Body Wash
Rejuvity® Age-Defying Eye Cream
Rejuvity® Bamboo Exfoliating Polish
Rejuvity® Essential Youth Serum™
Rejuvity® Hydrating Toner
Rejuvity® Moisturizing Day Cream
Rejuvity® Purifying Cleanser
Rejuvity® Renewing Night Cream
Ultra Hydrating Hand and Body Cream



Individual Products

Isagenix Snacks™
Fiber Snacks
IsaDelight®
IsaLean® Bar
IsaLean® Bar Dairy-Free
Slim Cakes®
Whey Thins™



Individual Products

C-Lyte
Essentials for Men™ & Essentials for Women™
FiberPro™
Isagenix Fruits™
Isagenix Greens™
IsaKids® Essentials
Isamune® With Zinc
Multi-Enzyme Complex™

Systems

Brain and Sleep Support System
Joint and Pain Relief System






















AMPEDSTATUS.COM | Everything AMPED






























Skip to content














AMPEDSTATUS.COM

Everything AMPED 





Definition of Amp Up 

To amp up is to force of or increase the power of something, also amp up can be defined as to work up, excite or arouse. Some people use the amp up as a slang name to mean being energetic or more sexually active as a result of consuming stimulant. Below are some examples that causes someone to be amped up in different ways

GNC Pro Performance AMP Men’s Ripped Vitapak Program Supplement, 30 Count
The product is a multivitamin that helps to fuel a ripped physique. It helps to boost training performance by burning 12 times more calories. It also helps to regulate water in your system.

Eniva VIBE Fruit Sensation Liquid Full Spectrum Daily Multi Minerals Vitamins 2 Bottle Value Pack (64 oz)
The product has multi-minerals, multi-vitamins and phytonutrient concentrate that helps a woman feel and look beautiful, in that it has full spectrum nutrition with powerful antioxidants. The essential nutrients in the product make your immune system stronger and support normal heart energy. Vibe Fruit Sensation has many ionic minerals and antioxidant vitamins essential for your skin and bones. The product is not irradiated or pasteurized, it contains only natural flavors and colors, hence suitable for those with diabetes.
GNC Total Lean Advanced Lean Shake Burn Vanilla Creme 26.07 oz

Lean Shake Burn Vanilla is designed for those people who strive for muscle tone and definition, and they are in search of a new phase in their journey to manage their weight. The product works by burning the calories, fat metabolism and fueling of the lean muscle, hence delivering the targeted result fast. In addition, Lean Shake Burn Vanilla is formulated scientifically, hence capable of an invigorating rush of energy that helps stimulate both your mind and body. The stimulation leads to fuel fat-burning workouts and jumpstarting your day.
GNC Pro Performance AMP Amplified Whey-Bolic Extreme 60 Ripped Powder, Strawberries, and Cream, 44 oz

The product’s ingredients are Gum blend (Xantham Gum, Carrarageenan and Cellulose gum), Sucralose Potassium Chloride, Natural and Artificial flavors, Acesulfame potassium and protein blend.AMP Amplified Whey-Bolic increase your muscle strength by 30 percent, i.e. it energizes thermogenic blend with three times calorie burn. It is also a metabolism activator, where it plus 1000 mg l-carnitine and extract 400 mg svetol green coffee bean.
Nugenix Natural Testosterone Booster Capsules

It is a biological fact by age thirty, a good number of men gradually experience a reduction in testosterone level in each passing year. Nugenix Natural Testosterone Booster Capsules has Tribulus terrestris, L-Citrulline Matalate and Testofen that helps it restore your testosterone levels to normal. Testosterone has a key role in your sexual performance, which includes, overall wellbeing and increased stamina. The product’s ingredients are clinically tested, meaning it is safe to use.
GNC TriFlex 240 Tablets

GNC TriFlex 240 Tablets is made using Titanium Dioxide, Polyethylene Glycol, Silica, Stearic Acid Vegetable Source and Crospovidone. The key purpose of the product is to increase joint mobility and flexibility. It also promotes joint Health Clinical-strength dose chondroitin and glucosamine. In case you are nursing, pregnant or allergic to aspirin, do not use GNC TriFlex 240 Tablets. For those people taking medication, aspirin or blood thinning, make sure you consult a physician before using the product. Stop using the product in two weeks prior to a surgery.
C4 Original Explosive Pre-Workout Supplement
The product is number-one selling and best rated pre-work out product. It can be used by both men and women at any level of training. Cellucor gives you a thirty-day full money back guarantee, in that they fully understand the importance of investing in your health. C4 Original Explosive is made with a variety of great tasting flavors that ensures the bar is continuously raised. The product helps you increase energy, promote your muscle growth enhance endurance and promotes muscle pumps. You should take C4 Original Explosive twenty to thirty minutes before training. The product comes in the following flavors, strawberry, Margarita, icy blue and Razz, just to name a few.




Ways to amp up your friends bachelor party in Las Vegas 


Visiting Las Vegas, also known as Sin City, for a bachelor’s party or get together is fun in and of itself. Las Vegas has an active nightlife with great bars and restaurants as well as dance clubs to visit. When you add in the gambling, shows, and shopping options there is much to do in the city which can appeal to almost anyone. These options make Las Vegas a tourist destination as well as a great spot to have a bachelor party. For many, a standard bachelor party is not what many people are looking for but rather an exceptional experience. Vegas is the perfect spot for outstanding bachelor parties partly due to the option for hiring Las Vegas escorts and strippers.
Amping Up a Bachelor Party
Let’s face it; years from now none of your friends will be talking about that great steak you had during your bachelor party (though you should have a great steak during your bachelor party). Instead, the memories will be focused on the fun you had and the strippers and escorts you spent time with. Amping up a bachelor party or other special event involves choosing some high-class escorts or strippers to make the night unique. Further, few men can really let loose in their home town with the potential watchful eye of their spouse and their friends. Going to a location far from home that is well-known for debauchery and contains a wealth of options to partake, but also has other options that may not lead your spouse to assume that you are necessarily doing something wrong, is the perfect balance between the two and allows you to party without the anxiety and fear you may experience in a local setting.
Choosing Las Vegas Strippers

Strippers are a common mainstay at any bachelor party and a rite of passage for many of these parties. Few men would feel as if a bachelor party was complete without a stripper making an appearance. However, many parts of the country do not have the depth and quality of strippers available that a city like Las Vegas does, with its reputation for Sin, and selecting a stripper in Las Vegas is a great way to make the night an exceptional one. It would be foolish to believe that everyone has the same tastes, and Las Vegas has a full menu available at all differing costs to whet any appetite. Combine the plethora of options with great and easily accessible hotels that the Las Vegas strippers feel comfortable visiting and a winning combination is there for a memorable night. Just be sure to choose a stripper that fits the tastes of the groom and not your own.
Visiting Las Vegas Escorts

There are many reasons why people flock to Las Vegas to visit escorts. Nevada is the only state where it is legal to visit an escort. This attracts a significant amount of people to Las Vegas to either work as an escort or to visit them, thereby expanding the pool for escort services. The result of this is that there is a wealth of different options for those who are looking to try Las Vegas escorts, and these options can fit almost any taste or fetish that you may have. For a bachelor party that has a wide range of different tastes, this provides you with a full range of options to choose between to satisfy the desires of party attendees. Further, bachelor party attendees can visit escorts without fear of legal repercussion and be comforted that many of the escorts at many ranches are regularly tested which reduces the chance of contracting a sexually transmitted disease. Further, visiting a legal and established escort agency often provides overall higher quality women with a decreased chance of being ripped off and a better overall experience than you would in a location where escorts are not legal.
Less risk and better options are clearly a boon to someone who is looking to visiting an escort, particularly when travelling with a large bachelor party with attendees with different tastes. It can be hard to appease a large group of people when visiting a restaurant and you can imagine how this translates to something like visiting an escort. There is also added comfort in knowing that there will be enough escorts to satisfy everyone in your party looking to visit them during your Las Vegas bachelor party. The same is true for an escort who can operate with greater freedom and may be more willing to have a wild time, particularly in a bachelor party setting which can prove to be quite lucrative.
Escorts and strippers are a quintessential part of bachelor parties around the world. However, Las Vegas escorts and strippers are particularly renowned for their reasonable cost, availability and accessibility, the wide range of options available, and due to their legal status in the state. This means that a Las Vegas bachelor party is the perfect place to amp up your bachelor party and create an experience that stands out in the memories of all your party attendees. More memorable than an overpriced steak is, anyway!




7 Way to hype up your Employees to sell better 


The success of any form of business depends highly on the type of employees that the company will employ. The manner in which the employees will operate in the company will also determine whether the company will be successful or not. Most of the companies that have been successful are companies that know how to deal with their employees. Employees become motivated when they have the best working environment and can also relate very well with their managers. The first indicator of a successful organization is highly motivated employees who are very dedicated in the duties they are assigned. There are many strategies that managers can use to ensure that they have employees who do their work diligently. These are some of the best ways that managers can use to ensure that employees drive the organization towards its success;
1. Allow your employees to set their own goals and then you review them
One of the best ways of motivating employees is by using the goals and objectives. Setting up goals for workers is the mandate of the supervisor or manager. The best way of using his tip to motivate employees is by ensuring that the employees are given the freedom to set up their own goals. The supervisor can then review the goals to see whether they fit the employee. Review is very important because it gives the employer the chance to set them up with regard to the overall goals and objectives of the firm.
2. Make sure goals are within the area of specification of employees
The only way to make an employee to enjoy his or her work is to set goals and objectives that relate to the type of work that they do. Division of work and specialization is one of the methods that companies always use to bring sanity in the organization. It ensures that every employee is assigned the duties that they have the ability to carry out. When coming up with the goals, it is very important to ensure that the employees are given the goals that they can achieve. The goals should relate to the type of duties that the employees carry out.
3. Ensure the goals are measurable
One of the qualities of goals is the ability to be measured within a given period of time. The only way that a company can know whether the employee has attained the goals of the company is by setting up goals that are measurable. It means that the managers and supervisors should have the ability to quantify the goals they have set.
4. Set both overall and specific goals for departments
When setting up the goals it is very important that the company should ensure they come up with goals that can be categorized. There are goals that relate to the overall company while others refer to a given department. The company should always ensure that they come up with goals for both parties. The goals should correlate, this means that the departmental goals should be related to the overall goals of the company. It shows that the company has one overall goal for the firm and this has been subdivided into departments to enable the company achieve the main goal that they have.
5. Give time for accountability
Accountability is another part of motivation that each employee has to undertake. For any company to be able to claim that they have motivated employees the company should make them be accountable for the duties they do. The company should ensure that the employees work hard to achieve the goals that they have. When giving the accountability the employee should clearly state the goal that they had, the method that they have used to achieve the goals and the extent to which they have achieved the goal. It will give the managers the way forward on how they can improve the performance of the employees in the organization.
6. Enable employees see their results
The managers should also ensure that the employees see the manner in which they are performance in relation to the set goals and objectives. It is always a great motivation for anyone to see how they are performing. It gives them the chance to improve the manner in which they carry out their duties and also get promotions. The results should be shown within a given period of time.
7. Use a lot of creativity when setting up goals
When coming up with the goals, the company should ensure that they encourage creativity among the employees. Creativity is one of the factors that enable the employees to become innovators and make the industry to be moré successful. The company will be able to come up with new methods which can help improve the company and the industry at large. The goals should be structured such that they push the employee to come up with new ways of performing their duties.
Many companies that have applied these tips in setting up the goals have been able to improve the performance of their organizations. The employees also become highly motivated and contribute towards the development of the firm. Anyone that wants to improve their company should ensure that they use these tips for the good of the organization.







Search for:



  Recent Posts 

Definition of Amp Up


Ways to amp up your friends bachelor party in Las Vegas


7 Way to hype up your Employees to sell better


 Recent CommentsCategories 
hype up your Employees to sell better

Las Vegas Escorts

Strippers and Escorts in Las Vegas

Uncategorized


 




© 2017 - ampedstatus.com All Rights Reserved








	Department Log In - UPMC          Online eStore


Skip To Main ContentSkip To Navigation







 




























View CartSubtotal: $0.00






Login







Product Search text box










HomeFAQContact UsMy Account Special OrdereGift Certificates





























Home










Access to the Celebrate Passavant department is password protected.  Please enter your password to access products in the Celebrate Passavant department.





Password:






















Home
FAQ
My Account
Contact us   |  Customer Service 1-866-318-1486




Size Chart
Special Order
Privacy Policy
© 2017 Staples Inc., All rights reserved.














Everythingamped Corp 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Everythingamped Corp 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: EVERYTHINGAMPED CORP 10-Q Date: 11/14/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

 


 


 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

(Mark
One)

 




[X]



QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934




 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

 




[  ]



TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934




 

For the
transition period
from            to
            

 

Commission
file number 000-55386

 

EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 


BROWN
GROTTO ACQUISITION CORPORATION

(Former
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

 




Delaware



 



47-3165462





(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)




 

20 Erb
Street, Unit 504

Waterloos,
Ontario, Canada N2J 4A4

(Address
of principal executive offices) (zip code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: 226-749-4367

 

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No
[  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No
[  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

 




 



Large
accelerated filer



[  ]



Accelerated
filer



[  ]





 



Non-accelerated
filer



[  ]



Smaller
Reporting Company



[X]




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]

 

As of
November 14, 2016 there were 3,500,000 shares issued and
outstanding of the registrant’s common stock.

 

 


 


 




 



 



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

Table of
Contents

 




PART I –
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 





 



 





Item 1.
Financial Statements (Unaudited)



3





 



 





Item 2.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations



9





 



 





Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk



12





 



 





Item 4.
Controls and Procedures



12





 



 





PART II –
OTHER INFORMATION



13





 



 





Item 1. Legal
Proceedings



13





 



 





Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds



13





 



 





Item 3.
Defaults Upon Senior Securities



13





 



 





Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures



13





 



 





Item 5. Other
Information



13





 



 





Item 6.
Exhibits



14





 



 





SIGNATURES



15




 




 



2



 




  

 




 



 



 




 


  PART
I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 


  Item
1. – Financial Statements 

 

 


EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION

(formerly
Brown Grotto Acquisition Corporation)

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash and
cash equivalents



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
CURRENT ASSETS



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
ASSETS



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
LIABILITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



$



1,900



 



 



$



2,563



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
CURRENT LIABILITIES



 



 



1,900



 



 



 



2,563



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Commitments
and Contingencies



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





STOCKHOLDERS’
DEFICIT:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





Common
stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 3,500,000
shares issued and outstanding as of  September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively



 



 



350



 



 



 



350



 





Additional
paid-in capital



 



 



36,884



 



 



 



1,112



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(39,134



)



 



 



(4,025



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT



 



 



(1,900



)



 



 



(2,563



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements.

 




 



3



 




  

 




 



 



 




 


EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION

(formerly
Brown Grotto Acquisition Corporation)

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For the
Three Months Ended



 



 



For the
Nine Months Ended



 



 



For the
Period From January 12, 2015 (Inception) to



 





 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



September
30, 2015



 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



September
30, 2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





REVENUE



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





OPERATING
EXPENSES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





General
and administrative expenses



 



 



23,719



 



 



 



750



 



 



 



35,109



 



 



 



1,462



 





TOTAL
OPERATING EXPENSES



 



 



23,719



 



 



 



750



 



 



 



35,109



 



 



 



1,462



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





LOSS FROM
OPERATIONS



 



 



(23,719



)



 



 



(750



)



 



 



(35,109



)



 



 



(1,462



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSE)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





TOTAL
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





LOSS
BEFORE INCOME TAXES



 



 



(23,719



)



 



 



(750



)



 



 



(35,109



)



 



 



(1,462



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





INCOME TAX
EXPENSE



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
LOSS



 



 



(23,719



)



 



 



(750



)



 



 



(35,109



)



 



 



(1,462



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BASIC AND
DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE



 



$



(0.01



)



 



$



(0.00



)



 



$



(0.00



)



 



$



(0.00



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BASIC AND
DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING



 



 



3,500,000



 



 



 



17,277,174



 



 



 



3,500,000



 



 



 



18,273,946



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements.

 




 



4



 




  

 




 



 



 




 


EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION

(formerly
Brown Grotto Acquisition Corporation)

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

 




 



 



 



 



 



For the
Period From



 





 



 



For the
Nine



 



 



January
12, 2015



 





 



 



Months
Ended



 



 



(Inception)
to



 





 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



September
30, 2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



(Unaudited)



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(35,109



)



 



$



(1,462



)





Adjustments
to Reconcile Net loss to Net Cash Used in Operating
Activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Expenses
paid by officer and contributed as capital



 



 



35,772



 



 



 



1,462



 





Changes in
Assets and Liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



 



(663



)



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET CASH
USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET CHANGE
IN CASH



 



 



-



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH AT
BEGINNING OF PERIOD



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH AT
END OF PERIOD



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Supplemental
Disclosure of Cash Flow Information



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash paid
during the period:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Interest



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





Income
Tax



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements.

 




 



5



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

 

EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION (Formerly Brown Grotto Acquisition
Corporation) 

Notes to
the Unaudited Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

 

NOTE 1 -
NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

 

NATURE OF
OPERATIONS

 

EverythingAmped
Corporation (formerly Brown Grotto Acquisition Corporation) or
“the Company” was incorporated on January 12, 2015
under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in any lawful
corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected
mergers and acquisitions.

 

On
September 15, 2015, the Company effected a change in control by the
redemption of 19,500,000 shares of the then outstanding 20,000,000
shares of common stock. The then current officers and directors
resigned and David Boulette was named the sole officer and director
of the Company. Pursuant to the change in control the Company
changed its name to EverythingAmped Corporation. On September 16,
2015, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr.
Boulette.

 

The
Company intends to develop, either through a business combination
with an ongoing company or an online company offering, owned and
operated web sites and hundreds of mobile apps integrated
exclusively to build a custom Demand Side Platform. This platform
will provide unparalleled online advertising opportunities to
companies of all sizes.

 

The
Company will attempt to locate and negotiate with a business entity
for the combination of that target company with EverythingAmped.
The combination is expected to take the form of a merger, a
stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange.

 

In most
instances the target company will wish to structure the business
combination to be within the definition of a tax-free
reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be given that
the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating with any
target company. The Company has been formed to provide a method for
a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company
with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

 

BASIS OF
PRESENTATION

 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet as of September 30,
2016, unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and cash flows for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for
interim financial information and with the instructions to Form
10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain
information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the opinion of
management of the Company, all adjustments (consisting of normal
recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
have been included. Operating results for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of
the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31,
2016, or any other period. These unaudited condensed financial
statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements for each of the year ended December 31, 2015,
included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
accompanying audited condensed balance sheet as of December 31,
2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements filed
in our Form 10-K and is included for comparison purposes in the
accompanying balance sheet.

 

USE OF
ESTIMATES

 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

 




 



6



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

 

EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION (Formerly Brown Grotto Acquisition
Corporation)

Notes to
the Unaudited Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

 

CASH AND
CASH EQUIVALENTS

 

Cash and
cash equivalents include cash on hand and on deposit at banking
institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments
with original maturities of 90 days or less. The Company did not
have cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016.

 

CONCENTRATION
OF RISK

 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its
cash with high quality banking institutions. The Company did not
have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit as of September 30, 2016.

 

INCOME
TAXES

 

Under ASC
740, “Income Taxes,” deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are
established when it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016
there were no deferred taxes due to the uncertainty of the
realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior to
expiration.

 

LOSS PER
COMMON SHARE

 

Basic loss
per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net
loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted loss per common share reflect the
potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into
common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then
shared in the loss of the entity. As of September 30, 2016, there
are no outstanding dilutive securities.

 

FAIR VALUE
OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

 

The
Company follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements
of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair
value in the financial statements on a recurring basis.
Additionally, the Company adopted guidance for fair value
measurement related to nonfinancial items that are recognized and
disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a
nonrecurring basis. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements
involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as
follows:

 

Level 1
inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to
access at the measurement date.

 

Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
1that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly.

 

Level 3
inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. The
carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash approximate their
fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments.

 




 



7



 




  

 




 



 



 




 

 

EVERYTHINGAMPED
CORPORATION (Formerly Brown Grotto Acquisition
Corporation)

Notes to
the Unaudited Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

 

 

NOTE 2 -
GOING CONCERN

 

The
Company has not yet generated any revenue since inception to date
and has sustained an operating loss of $35,109 for the period ended
September 30, 2016. The Company had no working capital and an
accumulated deficit of $39,134 as of September 30, 2016. The
Company’s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its
ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet
its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its
members or other sources, as may be required. !

 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above
condition raises substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern.

 

In order
to maintain its current level of operations, the Company will
require additional working capital from either cash flow from
operations or from the sale of its equity. However, the Company
currently has no commitments from any third parties for the
purchase of its equity. If the Company is unable to acquire
additional working capital, it will be required to significantly
reduce its current level of operations.

 

NOTE 3 -
STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT

 

The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock
and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2016,
3,500,000 shares of common stock and no preferred stock were issued
and outstanding.

 

On January
22, 2015, the Company issued 20,000,000 founders common stock to
two directors and officers. On September 15, 2015, the Company
redeemed and cancelled 19,500,000 of the then outstanding
20,000,000 shares.

 

On
September 16, 2015, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares to David
Boulette as part of the change in control of the
Company.

 

During the
period ending September 30, 2016, Mr. Boulette, as the
Company’s sole officer and director, paid for Company
operating expenses as a capital contribution in the amount of
$35,772 which has been recorded as additional paid-in capital
.

 




 



8



 




  

 




 



 



 




 


  Item
2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations .

 

Forward-Looking
Statements

 

Certain
statements, other than purely historical information, including
estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans,
objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These
forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words
“believes,” “project,”
“expects,” “anticipates,”
“estimates,” “intends,”
“strategy,” “plan,” “may,”
“will,” “would,” “will be,”
“will continue,” “will likely result,” and
similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to
be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of
complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that
are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans
or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a
material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a
consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in
economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability
of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted
accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be
considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue
reliance should not be placed on such statements. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new i


 








 












