              Ozobot | Smart toy robots             Pocket-Sized Bots Infinite Possibilities   Ozobot Evo The cool, connected robot with a surprising creative spark. Show Me Show me  Learn More Shop Now    Ozobot Bit The original Ozobot. Always ‘round to play and create with you. Show Me Show me  Learn More Shop Now        Playtime Is Powerful With Evo And Bit     Play Bring Evo and Bit to life with one button. Evo’s lights, sounds, and sensors respond to you.      Create Guide your robot through immersive adventures with markers and color codes.      Code Hack your robot and reach your full creative potential with OzoBlockly programming..      Connect With Evo, open the app to play games, compete with friends, and explore a whole new world.        Why Kids And Parents Love Ozobot     Easy Color codes are like a secret language for you and your robot, but they’re simple and easy to learn!    Scalable Ozobots grow with you, advancing from color codes to OzoBlockly and beyond.    Pocket-Friendly Evo and Bit are small but mighty. Their single inch size makes play possible anytime, anywhere.    Community These tiny robots have a ton of human fans. Get ideas from our #OzoSquad or share your own creations.    Affordable Starting at $54, Ozobots are a breath of fresh air in a swarm of stress-inducing tech price tags.                             “Ozobot melds the digital world with the physical.”      “Teach critical thinking skills to kids with this tiny robot.”      “Provides hours of entertainment.”      “Starter kits cost $60, an affordable option for many.”      “Evo takes things to the next level.”      “Evo is a little robot with a big mission.”      “Takes the physical-electronic play space in a fresh direction.”      “Ozobot Evo is tiny but packs a punch.”                  Meet The #OZOSQUAD       Previous      Next     FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM     Decisions, decisions.    Ozobot Evo A wild world of robot for curious minds who crave new ways to connect, create, and go viral.     Ages 8 - 14 Color Language OzoBlockly Programming Line Following OzoSkins USB Charging Cable Free Online Web Activities Remote Control Mode Expressive LEDs Expressive Sounds Bluetooth Smart iOs + Android App OzoChat + Ozojis Evo Content Hub Marvel Skins + Missions (sold separately)  $99 Shop Now Learn More    Ozobot Bit Perfect for kids to start learning and loving robots with the stroke of a marker.     Ages 6 - 10 Color Language OzoBlockly Programming Line Following OzoSkins USB Charging Cable Free Online Web Activities Marvel Skins         $54 Shop Now Learn More       The Latest from OzoBlog   More        Join Our Team We are a colorful crew of designers and developers who make Ozobots and curate experiences to go along with them. Ozobot offers:  Location right on the Redondo Beach Pier Fun and funky campus that fosters creativity Commitment to diverse perspectives and cultures A collaborative team dedicated to the mission of unlocking the creative potential of young minds   View Jobs          Sign up for news and special offers.  Thank you for joining our newsletter.   Please enter your email address.    Email address   Subscribe         Sign up and Save $10        ×   Sign up and save $10     Save big on Ozobots today! Sign up for our best offers and deals and receive a $10 gift card code instantly!   Thank you for signing up.  Remember and use this code during checkout: OZOBOT10    Please enter your email address.   Email address      Sign up   Not interested    Go shopping                                





Evolve, Inc. | PR, Marketing & Advertising in Greenville, NC.
























Tap to Call
      252-347-0410
    




















































MSDS














 


Evolve Products
Call Us Today (800) 992-4242
 



					Where you are: Home
/Products
					
				





Evolve®: A New Standard, A New Green 
Evolve® redefines the modern standard for commercial and industrial cleaning. With the introduction of its next-generation Active-Capture® technology, manufactured exclusively from all-natural and renewable ingredients, Evolve products' unique formulation achieves what others only hope to be: Green and Effective! 



Performance & Savings Unleashed. 
Based on recent advances in all-natural technologies, Evolve® unleashes the intrinsic power of nature to deliver an unprecedented new level of clean, while reducing operating costs up to 30% or more. Evolve technology outperforms virtually all caustic chemical and "eco-friendly" cleaners to provide dramatically superior results over products from well-known national brands and leading commercial providers. 
Renewable, Naturally.
Manufactured from fruits, vegetables, and other plant-based ingredients in North America, Evolve brand People, Planet, and Animal Safe™ technology activates powerful cleaning and neutralizing traits inherent in nature itself, creating a safer, more powerful  method of cleaning.
Download our MSDS, and keep reading to find out how Evolve can improve your facility!
Download MSDS





Evolve Scale Remover
Non-corrosive, non-caustic, non-toxic and safe on virtually every surface. 
Designed to safely remove scale and unsightly hard water stains from any surface, Evolve Hard Water & Scale Remover has been engineered to dissolve the chemical bonds in Calcium Carbonate (CaCO3), the backbone of hard water, scale, and other troublesome deposits. Evolve Hard Water & Scale Remover leaves surfaces such as paint, metal, ceramic and glass untouched and unclouded. Evolve is not only more effective, but much safer when compared to traditional caustic products. 
Safe for the user, equipment and the environment Evolve Hard Water & Scale Remover does not contain any Hydrochloric, Phosphoric, Muriatic or Citric acids. Easy to use and handle, a single application of Evolve will remove light to moderate buildup. Persistent buildups will require regular applications. 
Included in the line: Hard Water & Scale Remover, Heavy Duty Industrial Scale Remover, and Marine Scale Remover.
Download Brochure





Evolve Janitorial & Housekeeping
Cleaning has never been so easy.
Evolve Janitorial & Housekeeping is a new line of products for keeping your facility clean. Effective, powerful and natural, Evolve remains amazingly cost-effective at B2B and Corporate levels.
Making the world clean and safe for millions of your customers is a tough job. Evolve makes it easy, affordable, and safe—by eliminating toxic fumes, acids, and other hazardous chemicals. We are making a difference one company at a time.
Included in the line: All-Surface, Glass & Window, Odor Out, All Floor, and Carpet Clean Complete.




Evolve Laundry Complete
See what you've been missing.
Evolve Laundry Complete 203L provides the first caustic-free work environment for your employees while providing a superior product. Reduce your total laundry cleaning costs, and most importantly create a completely safe and non-hazardous work experience with Evolve.
Evolve eliminates the common everyday problem of your employees breathing toxic fumes, and removes the issue of skin irritation for your employees and guests alike.
Laundry Complete 203L is also available in a powerful 5x Ultra Concentrate.




Evolve Industrial & Manufacturing
Redefining the industry of clean.
Evolve Industrial is as effective as any known oil or grease dispersant, including highly toxic petroleum-based chemical solvents. Evolve All-Duty Industrial Cleaner 203 can be applied directly to any environment without concern of toxic reaction or build-up. Evolve All-Duty Industrial Cleaner 203 is readily biodegradable and requires no decontamination or special disposal of rinse or run-off water.
All-Duty Industrial Cleaner 203 is so safe that it can be applied manually with no special environmental controls in place.
Evolve Industrial is available in All-Duty Industrial Cleaner 203, Heavy-Duty Industrial Cleaner 205*, and now our new Low-Foaming formula.
*This product contains at most 5% Sodium Hydroxide, and therefore carries a higher health rating, requiring certain Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and environmental controls as set forth in its MSDS.




Evolve Bunker Gear Laundry
Clean & Safe.
Evolve Bunker Gear Laundry and Pre-Treat is a non-caustic, highly effective laundry solution for Bunker Gear and PPE. It not only protects the durability and performance of turnout gear fabrics and trim, but eliminates odors completely. Our pH-safe formula is designed to produce powerful cleaning results in temperatures lower than those suggested by manufacturers. Because Evolve rinses completely and leaves no residuals, you can be assured that your crew will not suffer from skin irritations or allergies.
Evolve Bunker Gear Laundry is available in 1 gallon & 5 gallon pails, as well as a 32oz Pre-Treat Spray.

Discover the Full Line of Evolve Cleaning Solutions


Carpet Clean Complete



Grease Extreme Degreaser



Grease Clean Degreaser



Tile & Grout Cleaner













© 2016 All Rights Reserved - Agaia, Inc. Terms of Service & Privacy Policy



























Evollve, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:05 PM ET
Leisure Products

Company Overview of Evollve, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Evollve, Inc. develops toy robots and accessories that empower kids and learners to code, play, create, and connect the physical and digital world. It serves customers online. Evollve, Inc. was formerly known as Ozobot, Inc. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Redondo Beach, California.


129 West Torrance BoulevardRedondo Beach, CA 90277United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 310-318-0070

www.ozobot.com







Key Executives for Evollve, Inc.


Evollve, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Evollve, Inc. Key Developments

Ozobot Announces Executive Changes
Apr 21 17
Ozobot announced filling the newly created roles of Chief Product Officer and Chief Marketing Officer. Joby Otero, who most recently served as Chief Creative Officer at Anki, will lead physical and digital product development and design as CPO while Kim Salzer, who was most recently Chief Marketing Officer at Hyperloop One, will lead marketing and branding initiatives as CMO. Both hires previously served in senior roles at video game publisher Activision. As a gaming industry veteran, Otero brings more than 25 years of experience that includes more than a decade at Activision, where he served as Vice President, Art and Technology. Newly appointed as Ozobot’s CMO, Salzer brings more than two decades of marketing and branding experience at companies such as Hyperloop One, EA and Activision to the role.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 111616 Eis (delaware) Inc. United States 111616 Opco (delaware) Inc. United States 21st Century Toys, Inc. United States 2nd Skull LLC United States 4D Seismic, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Evollve, Inc., please visit www.ozobot.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






































Products - The Evolve® Company
































Evolve® products


Contact
About
Buy Now
Videos
Testimonials
Products

Evolve® Bleach Tablets
Evolve® Bleach Crystal Pacs


Home





Products

Product Details
Product Details
 







All content © 2017 The Evolve® Company  - A Division of Novabella® Inc.












Evollve Inc. - Robotics Trends














































Next >

Editors’ Picks

Reader Survey Offers Chance to Win $50 Gift CardHow Microsoft’s AI Mastered Ms. Pac-ManRoboBusiness Europe, TUS Expo Name 2018 Host CityRobotics Startups: Pitch to Investors at RoboBusinessCozmo Robot Now Teaches Kids to Code












Robot Fun Hub
>
Robot Toys


Company Spotlight
Evollve Inc.


Evollve Inc., maker of the popular Ozobot smart robot, is a company built around the idea that blends creative thinking with business disciplines to bring new ideas to market. 



Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn






Evollve Inc.
129 West Torrance Blvd

Redondo Beach, CA 90277




Facebook: Ozobot
Twitter: Ozobot

http://www.ozobot.com/






Evollve’s business focus is on introducing new ways to combine social interaction with digital apps. Its journey began in the spring of 2012 with the idea of finding different ways to play, learn and socially interact in an evolving digital world. The idea gained traction when we started researching robots and their evolution through time. Evollve started by developing a line-sensing robot and began building from there. Two years and countless revisions later, our idea grew into the smallest smart robot we could make: Ozobot.


Evollve Inc. News, Products & Resources






Ozobot Bit Uses Google Blockly to Make Programming Fun

 
Ozobot Bit is basically identical to the original Ozobot, but adds in Google's Blockly coding editor, allowing kids to expand their coding know-how by seeing the results unfold in front of them.











Ozobot Smart Robot

 
Ozobot is a small USB charged robot that tracks lines to follow a path. Ozobot can read different colors on the line to adjust its behavior: speed, direction, path finding. This combines with a variety of physical and tablet games to create a product that crosses over the traditional game-toy divide.



















Editors’ Picks







Reader Survey Offers Chance to Win $50 Gift Card

We like to check in with our readers to find out how...








How Microsoft’s AI Mastered Ms. Pac-Man

A Microsoft AI system has set the all-time high score for the...








RoboBusiness Europe, TUS Expo Name 2018 Host City

Robo Business Media has announced that it has chosen the city of...








Robotics Startups: Pitch to Investors at RoboBusiness

RoboBusiness Pitchfire offers robotics startups two minutes to pitch their business to...








Cozmo Robot Now Teaches Kids to Code

The new Cozmo Code Lab uses drag-and-drop programming to teach kids how...

















Evollve raises $3 mln - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Evollve raises $3 mln


February 16, 2017
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Evollve raises $3 mln
Evollve Inc said Feb. 15 that it raised $3 million in a Series A preferred funding round led by Tribeca Venture Partners. Evollve, of Redondo Beach, California, is the maker of the Ozobot smart robot.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Evollve Inc said Feb. 15 that it raised $3 million in a Series A preferred funding round led by Tribeca Venture Partners. Evollve, of Redondo Beach, California, is the maker of the Ozobot smart robot.
PRESS RELEASE
REDONDO BEACH, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Evollve Inc., the hardware maker behind Ozobot (www.ozobot.com), today announced it raised $3 million in a Series A preferred funding round led by Tribeca Venture Partners. Ozobot builds smart, small and social robots that teach the creative side of coding. Funds will be used to support product development of the Ozobot Bit, Ozobot Evo and additional missions and games.
Nielsen says people spend about 12 hours a day consuming digital media. Ozobot’s mission is to cut that screen time in half and turn consumers of technology into creators. It’s currently growing 400 percent year-over-year, and its product reaches 1 million kids around the world. Ozobot goes beyond the home. It’s in 3,000 classrooms and is used to teach art, English, history, science and more. Teachers who use Ozobot report their students have a 70% better retention rate.
Ozobot recently previewed some of its 2017 product developments at CES. This year, it plans to release level 5 of OzoBlockly, bot-to-bot recognition, and a limited edition rose gold Evo.
“We’re thrilled to be partnering with Tribeca Venture Partners, which has a proven track record of working with tech, commerce and entertainment startups, to continue building the best product and work toward our mission of cutting screen time in half,” said Nader Hamda, founder and CEO of Ozobot. “Their investment in us pushes us to become even more laser-focused on providing the most fun, engaging and creative experience for all, with even more missions, games and use cases than before.”
By coloring on a piece of paper, users can bring Ozobot to life through a patented language of color commands, which can direct the Ozobot to spin, dance, speed up, slow down, zigzag and more. Ozobots have three tiers of play: 1) color commands, 2) block-based programming with OzoBlockly, based off of Google’s Blockly and 3) missions, which let users unlock new levels and discover more while boosting coding skills and creativity.
“Our commitment to Ozobot signifies our firm belief that they’re the best way for kids and adults alike to learn the creative side of coding,” said Brian Hirsch, co-founder and managing partner at Tribeca Venture Partners. “Its patent on the color command language makes it the simplest way to learn how to code, and its OzoBlockly language gets so advanced that it keeps PhDs entertained. We’re thrilled to be partnering with them as they grow their business to new heights.”
Ozobot has shipped more than half a million units to date. The tech toy market is worth $150 billion, and Gartner predicts smart toy sales will grow globally from 8M units this year to 421M units by 2020.
For more information on Ozobot, please visit www.ozobot.com.
ABOUT EVOLLVE, INC.
Evollve Inc., maker of the popular Ozobot smart robot, is a company dedicated to blending creative thinking with business disciplines to bring new ideas to market. Evollve’s focus is on introducing new ways to combine social interaction with digital apps. Ozobot launched in fall 2014 with the vision to create an innovative way to play, learn and socially interact in an ever-expanding digital world. Through game applications and creative curriculums, Ozobot introduces interactive robots by blending entertainment and education in the family room as well as the classroom. Their mission is to provide learners as well as gamers of all ages a new option to play, learn and interact as well as inspire them to make the jump from using technology to actively shaping and creating it. For more information on Evollve Inc. and Ozobot, please visit www.ozobot.com.
ABOUT TRIBECA VENTURE PARTNERS
Tribeca Venture Partners (TVP) is an early stage venture capital fund based in New York City. TVP partners with world class entrepreneurs leveraging emerging technologies and business models to create and disrupt huge markets. TVP serves entrepreneurs who transform industries and build great companies. As active, long-term partners to our entrepreneurs, TVP contributes capital and strategic advice. TVP invests across a wide variety of industry and technology sectors including adtech, fintech, healthcare IT, consumer tech, AI & machine learning, digital media, Software as a Service (SaaS) and mobile tech. For more information visit www.tribecavp.com.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Evollve raises $3 mln
Evollve Inc said Feb. 15 that it raised $3 million in a Series A preferred funding round led by Tribeca Venture Partners. Evollve, of Redondo Beach, California, is the maker of the Ozobot smart robot.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 































Ozobot Smart Robot - Robotics Trends


















































Next >

Editors’ Picks

Reader Survey Offers Chance to Win $50 Gift CardHow Microsoft’s AI Mastered Ms. Pac-ManRoboBusiness Europe, TUS Expo Name 2018 Host CityRobotics Startups: Pitch to Investors at RoboBusinessCozmo Robot Now Teaches Kids to Code












Robot Fun Hub
>
Robot Toys

Ozobot Smart Robot
Ozobot works seamlessly on iOS and Android and makes learning life skills fun, affordable and accessible to all.



 Ozobot Images













Photo Caption: Ozobot 
in the Robot Fun Hub

Robot ToysDronesRobot Cameras3D Printers






About Evollve Inc.



Evollve Inc., maker of the popular Ozobot smart robot, is a company built around the idea that blends creative thinking with business disciplines to bring new ideas to market. 
More about Evollve Inc.



Product Details
    Brand & Model:  Ozobot
    Manufactured by: Ozobot
Price: $49.99
 Where to Buy 
Product Specs1 inch (2.5 cm) in diameter and height
Compatible with both iOS and Android
    Intelligent gameplay via optical communication
    Photo sensor array for precise pattern, color, light and secret code recognition.
    Automatic detection of playing surface (physical or digital) and transitions seamlessly between one and the other
    Color sensing technology on both physical and digital surfaces
    Dual micro motors for variable speeds between 0.6 – 3 in/sec (1.5 – 7.5 cm/sec)
    Incorporates a V-shaped 5 optical sensor array for line detection and 90-degree turns and intersections
    Capable of independent decisions based on random logic selections
    Visual feedback with multicolor LED lighting
    Micro-USB based rechargeable LiPoly battery (40 min. of continuous operation on a single charge; battery charges to 100 percent capacity in 40 min.)
Product URLhttp://www.ozobot.com/about-ozobot/



Facebook
Twitter
Google+

Pinterest
LinkedIn




Ozobot is a small USB charged robot that tracks lines to follow a path. Ozobot can read different colors on the line to adjust its behavior: speed, direction, path finding.
This combines with a variety of physical and tablet games to create a product that crosses over the traditional game-toy divide. It can also do this in play, traveling seamlessly from a circuit on the iPad onto a physically drawn path — again opening up new game-mechanics.
Racetracks, mazes, mind teasers, and dance routines are just a part of Ozobot’s world of smart entertainment. Using markets, draw lines, paths and tracks for Ozobot to explore or download free Ozobot Apps for some one-of-a-kind social, strategic and competitive games. Ozobot works seamlessly on iOS and Android and makes learning life skills fun, affordable and accessible to all.
Why markers? Because except for a microUSB charging port, the Ozobot has no way to connect to your computer or communicate with a mobile device. There’s no Wi-Fi or Bluetooth either, so uploading a program or commands to the bot just isn’t possible. Instead, the underside of the Ozobot features a series of sensors for detecting color and contrast, allowing it to follow paths drawn on a white piece of paper, or generated by an accompanying tablet app.
There is some measure of artificial intelligence baked into Ozobot’s firmware, allowing it to make random decisions on where to turn when the line it’s following ends up in an intersection. But Ozobot can also be told how to behave differently by simply introducing specific colored sequences into the path it’s following. For example, if it rolls over a sequence of blue, red, blue, it will turn around and reverse direction. Where as blue, green, blue will instead cause it to increase speed.

Ozobot Smart Robot




Comments



Oldest first
Newest first















Log in to leave a Comment










Username: 
Password: 
 Keep me logged in.



Don't have an account? Create your free account today!
Forgot Password?






Article Topics
Robot Fun · Robot Toys · Products · 


Evollve Inc. · 

Ozobot · 

All Topics

















Editors’ Picks







Reader Survey Offers Chance to Win $50 Gift Card

We like to check in with our readers to find out how...








How Microsoft’s AI Mastered Ms. Pac-Man

A Microsoft AI system has set the all-time high score for the...








RoboBusiness Europe, TUS Expo Name 2018 Host City

Robo Business Media has announced that it has chosen the city of...








Robotics Startups: Pitch to Investors at RoboBusiness

RoboBusiness Pitchfire offers robotics startups two minutes to pitch their business to...








Cozmo Robot Now Teaches Kids to Code

The new Cozmo Code Lab uses drag-and-drop programming to teach kids how...


















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Evollve, Inc. | Accreditation


























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Electronics - Educational Kits
 > 
Evollve, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Evollve, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Evollve, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(310) 318-0070

Evollve, Inc.
5 years in business

        129 W Torrance Blvd
        Redondo Beach, CA 90277-3633
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/26/2016
            

                Business Started: 05/08/2012


                Business Incorporated: 05/08/2012 in CA





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Nader Hamda, President
                





            Contact Information
        


                    Customer Service: Mr. Bill McNiff, Office Manager
                

                    S. Meyer, Controller
                





            Business Category
        


                Electronics - Educational Kits
            




                            Mobile Apps
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Ozobot
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                28
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Evollve, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Evollve, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[1] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 














Evollve Inc in Redondo Beach, CA (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Evollve  Inc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Evollve  Inc

Evollve, Inc imports from Jetta Company Limited in China through the port of Long Beach, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Evollve  Inc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 JC PENNEY
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 PING INC.
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Evollve  Inc
Evollve, Inc imports from Jetta Company Limited in China through the port of Long Beach, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



JETTA COMPANY LIMITED
JETTA HOUSE,19 ON KUI STREET, FANLING, NEW TERRITORIES HK


EVOLLVE, INC
DBA OZOBOT 129 W. TORRANCE BLVD REDONDO BEACH CA 90277 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



ALL DETAILS PLEASE SEE ATTACHED
ALL DETAILS PLEASE SEE ATTACHED





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MAEU960910015


MRKU0471513
MRKU0471513


Product Description




ELECTRONIC GAMING EQUIPMENT
ELECTRONIC GAMING EQUIPMENT









Bill of LadingEXDO61N0474929Arrival Date2017-06-27Weight (LB)18,421Weight (KG)8,373UnitsCMQuantity3169 CTNContainer Count1CBM41Voyage No.00722Port of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeLONG BEACH, CALIFORNIAVessel NameMAERSK EVORACarrier CodeEXDOCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptYANTIAN,CHINA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Evollve  Inc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Evollve  Inc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Evollve  Inc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Evollve  Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Taiei Hongkong Co.,ltd.                                



                                    Henan Xindi Textiles Products Co.,l                                



                                    Max Magnetic Procucts Ltd                                



                                    Morrisette                                



                                    Sunbeamcorporationcanadaltd                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3048
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















