


EW REAL ESTATE FUND LP (T15LP0011L) - Singapore Business Directory























EW REAL ESTATE FUND LP


Registration No.: T15LP0011LEW REAL ESTATE FUND LP is a partnership incorporated on 6 February 2015 (Friday) in Singapore and as of 1 July 2017 (Saturday) is a live lp. This lp has been operating for 2 years 172 days. Their principal activity is trusts, funds and similar financial entities (eg collective portfolio investment funds (excluding those with rental income)). It's registered address is at the KECK SENG TOWER building. 









CompaniesKECK SENG TOWEREEW REAL ESTATE FUND LPRegistration No.T15LP0011LNameEW REAL ESTATE FUND LPDate Incorporation / Registration6 February 2015 (Friday)Registration TypeLPStatusLive as on 1 July 2017 (Saturday)Principal Business ActivityTRUSTS, FUNDS AND SIMILAR FINANCIAL ENTITIES (EG COLLECTIVE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT FUNDS (EXCLUDING THOSE WITH RENTAL INCOME))Secondary Business ActivityTRUSTS, FUNDS AND SIMILAR FINANCIAL ENTITIES (EG COLLECTIVE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT FUNDS (EXCLUDING THOSE WITH RENTAL INCOME))Registered Address133 CECIL STREET
#13-03
KECK SENG TOWER
SINGAPORE  (069535) 








 





SIMILIAR NAMEEW SHIPPING & TRADING SERVICES  30 DEFU LANE 10, SINGAPORE (539211)EW & ASSOCIATES  111 NORTH BRIDGE ROAD, SINGAPORE (179098)EW ENTERTAINMENT PTE. LTD.  400 ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238875)EW LEISURE PTE. LTD.  400 ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238875)EW INDIA MULTI CREDIT INVESTMENT VEHICLE LP  133 CECIL STREET, SINGAPORE (069535)EW ENTERTAINMENTS MEDIA GROUP LLP  21A MANDALAY ROAD, SINGAPORE (308208)



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



 EXPLORESOLEQ ENERGY PTE. LTD.  1 GEORGE STREET, SINGAPORE (049145)SINGAPORE KANG YO KANG FOOD & BEVERAGE PTE. LTD.  8 TEMASEK BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE (038988) RECENTLY VIEWEDJOBANDSHOP PTE. LTD.  331 ANG MO KIO AVENUE 1, SINGAPORE (560331) Phone: +65-64817429TRADEPAC EXPORTS  8 UBI ROAD 2, SINGAPORE (408538) www.tradepacexports.com    Phone: +65-66365424SAGE RESEARCH  1 RAFFLES QUAY, SINGAPORE (048583)ORGANISATION FOR PARANORMAL STUDIES  896B WOODLANDS DRIVE 50, SINGAPORE (731896)MERWIN ENGINEERING  529 BEDOK NORTH STREET 3, SINGAPORE (460529)










TRUSTS, FUNDS AND SIMILAR FINANCIAL ENTITIES (EG COLLECTIVE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT FUNDS (EXCLUDING THOSE WITH RENTAL INCOME))CARE CAPITAL PTE. LTD.  10 PERAK ROAD, SINGAPORE (208131)ALLIANZE CAPITAL PRIVATE LIMITED  10 PERAK ROAD, SINGAPORE (208131)O'NIZER INVESTMENTS  70 GERALD DRIVE, SINGAPORE (548502)AZURE CAPITAL PTE. LTD.  230 ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238854) azurecapital.com.sg    Phone: +65-67330123ZRR ENTERPRISE PTE. LTD.  51 LORONG PISANG EMAS, SINGAPORE (597868)ZACD FUND HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  2 BUKIT MERAH CENTRAL, SINGAPORE (159835)























About SGP Business
				SGPBusiness.com is the No. 1 Business and Company Directory in Singapore, a full-service directory portal for business operations and sourcing.
				We provide information update to your listing, including business profile, website, contact details (phone, fax & email address), social media profile, of business or company profile, completely free of any fees or subscription charges.
				Your local business directories!
				
Read More


Business Directories
 Australia Business Directory Canada Business Directory United Kingdom Business Directory Hong Kong Business Directory Malaysia Business Directory Norway Business Directory New Zealand Business Directory 
Data Analytics
Live Entities with Exact Match Name 

Singapore Business Directory is hosted on DigitalOcean.
				


Singapore Company Search




 Search





Quick Links
 Home
				•
				About SGP Business

 Company List

 Browse Categories

 Instagram (@sgpbusiness)

 Our Privacy Policy

 Contact Us
Contact Us
 [email protected]

 

Disclaimer

 All information and any services provided from sgpbusiness.com, its subdomain or all other pages under this domain are on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis without warranties of any kind and are made available for your general information and use only.
					Your use is entirely at your risk, for which SGPBusiness.com shall not be liable whatsoever.
					

					Important Disclaimer: SGPBusiness.com is not part of Singapore Government and/or Accounting And Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA). There is no official partnership being established between ACRA and SGPBusiness.com.
					
					Please contact us, should you discover any error or discrepancy. A correction will be made.
				


Copyright © 2015, 2016, 2017 - SGPBusiness.com

 























 




New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 11:25 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V



Snapshot People




Company Overview
New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V is launched and managed by New Boston Fund, Inc. It invests in property. New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V is domiciled in United States.


60 State StreetSuite 1500Boston, MA 02109United States



Phone: 617-723-7760

Fax: 617-227-4727








Key Executives for New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V


New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New Boston Real Estate Investment Fund, LP V, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Structuring Private Real Estate Funds | Key Terms & Features





















































TopAtlanta
New York
Los Angeles
San Francisco
 



Navigation



Investment Law Group
Investment Law Group of Davis Gillett Mottern & Sims LLC










Private Real Estate Funds: Structuring for a Winning Deal 











 


 Our Perspectives
Starting A Hedge Fund: Keys to a Successful Launch
Incubator Hedge Funds: Building a Solid Track Record
Private Real Estate Funds: Structuring for a Winning Deal
Private Equity & Hedge Funds: Differences in Forms and Terms
A New Era of Regulation for Retail Forex Traders & Brokers
FAQs
SEC No-Action Letters
News


 


 
Structuring Private Real Estate Funds
Forming a private real estate fund provides a means for the successful real estate developer to access a dedicated pool of capital to fund new investment deals without having to raise capital on a deal-by-deal basis. This article provides an overview of some of the key structural considerations related to the formation, launch, and operation of a private real estate fund.
 
Private real estate funds enable managers to pool capital without having to navigate the cumbersome securities registration process involved in launching an REIT (Real Estate Investment Trust) or other publicly-offered investment fund. Despite the relative ease of implementation, private real estate funds are structurally complex and sophisticated investors will expect to participate on terms that not only align interests between the investor and general partner/ sponsor, but that also reflect current market trends.
If you have questions about the process or costs to launch a private real estate fund, or are ready to start a fund, we invite you to contact us to schedule a complimentary consultation.
 
Entity Types
Private real estate funds are typically formed using an entity that is either a limited partnership or a limited liability company. Both of these entity types are known as pass-through entities so that they are essentially disregarded for tax purposes and all gains and losses are directly attributed to the limited partners or members of the entity. There has been a long standing tradition among private investment funds of using Delaware limited partnerships or limited liability companies as the entity of choice. However, principals should be aware that the laws of many states may deem holding real estate for income producing purposes to be an activity that requires an entity to be qualified to do business in the state where the real estate is located. In some states, qualifying an out-of-state entity, or a particular type of entity, to do business can be expensive in certain jurisdictions and might not be necessary if some advance planning is utilized. More particularly, principals should carefully discuss their investment strategy and implementation plans with experienced counsel and consider the benefits and drawbacks of using a particular entity type or jurisdiction for its formation.
 
Admission and Withdrawal of Investors
Since investments in real estate are illiquid, private real estate funds have many unique structural issues that must be addressed. An initial consideration is whether to use an open-end or closed-end fund structure. Many investors favor the open-end structure, which, in the simplest form, allows investors to enter and exit the fund at regular intervals determined by the fund’s sponsor. However, the illiquid nature of a private real estate fund’s investment assets often makes the open-end structure unworkable since it presents the fund with the dual problems of establishing a fair value for each contributing and withdrawing investor. Closed-end funds, on the other hand, cause all investors to join the private real estate fund at the same time, removing the issues concerning the initial value of their investments, and restrictions can be crafted to match investor withdrawal rights with the fund’s liquidity profile.
If managed properly, a private real estate fund’s investment assets should appreciate over time and, therefore, many early investors would consider the participation of subsequent investors inequitable without some sort of compensation for that appreciation. The difficulty comes in trying to determine the appropriate valuation for subsequent investors since formal real property appraisals may be the only way to properly assess the value of the fund’s investment assets. The appraisal process is expensive, can be time consuming, and, in some circumstances, may not be available at all. One potential solution is for a fund to utilize what are called “side pockets.” A side pocket refers to an internal accounting system where investors essentially participate in a private real estate fund’s investment assets on an investment-by-investment basis. Therefore, the valuation of the private real estate fund’s earlier investment assets is not at issue for subsequent investors because they will not be permitted to participate in the profits and losses resulting from the earlier investment assets.
Meanwhile, giving investors flexible withdrawal rights can cause significant problems for a private real estate fund. It is very difficult to provide timely liquidity from investments in real estate assets because there are really only two ways to accomplish this objective. One option is to arrange for the sale of the real property investment. However, several problems arise with this option, including:



forced sales generally result in substantially reduced sale proceeds
sales transaction can take a considerable amount of time to consummate
there may not be a ready buyer for the asset or the asset may not even be in salable condition (e.g., if the asset is a partially completed development project)



The second option is for a private real estate fund to leverage its real estate investments. This option may not be particularly attractive or even available based upon the fund’s existing indebtedness and creditworthiness and whether the fund’s real estate investments are already encumbered. Current market conditions have also made the availability of debt financing rather scarce in comparison to pre-financial crisis market conditions. Additionally, each of the two options mentioned previously can adversely impact the performance and risk profile of the fund for each investor that does not withdraw. Real estate fund sponsors should carefully match the liquidity of a private real estate fund’s investment assets with the withdrawal rights offered to the fund’s investors.
 

If you’re ready to begin the process of structuring private real estate funds, or you’d like to receive additional information regarding the timeline or costs involved in structuring funds, schedule a complimentary consultation today.

 
Initial Capital Contributions and Capital Calls
Private real estate funds possess certain unique capital needs based on the nature of the fund’s investment assets. Most funds utilize a “capital call” structure where investors are required to make an initial capital contribution at the time the fund accepts investment subscriptions. The remaining amount of each investor’s capital commitment is periodically “called down” by the fund. The capital call structure recognizes that most private real estate funds will be unable to precisely time the closing of the fund and the full deployment of all of the fund’s capital. The fund may also be making real estate investments where:

a substantial amount of time is required between the fund’s commitment to purchase the investment and the consummation of the underlying transaction, or
development activities are being undertaken and the fund is only required to make periodic progress payments on its investment asset

Not only is the timing of investor’s capital contributions critical to a private real estate fund’s ability to fund its investments, the contribution of capital also generally starts the clock running on the “preferred return” that the fund will pay to the investors.
 
Allocation of Profits and Losses; Clawbacks; Return of Capital
Most private real estate funds offer their investors a preferred return, together with a split of the fund’s overall net profits. The structure that specifies the order in which a fund’s profits and losses are allocated among investors and the fund’s manager/ sponsor is often referred to as the “waterfall.” Waterfalls vary widely in their structure and operation, depending upon a private real estate fund’s investment assets and overall investor profile.
Generally, profits are allocated in the following order:

investors will receive a return of their capital contributions
investors will receive a preferred return, calculated on the total amount of their capital contributions while such sums are held by the private real estate fund
the fund’s manager/ sponsor will receive an allocation equal to a portion of the total preferred return allocated to the investors (usually in the same percentage as the profit split and referred to as the preferred return “catch-up” or sponsor/ GP “catch-up”)
finally, the remaining profits are split between the investors and the fund’s sponsor

While no fund can ever guarantee the payment of a preferred return, investors are assured that they will receive the initial profits from the fund’s investment activities before the fund’s manager/ sponsor is entitled to any allocation of profits. However, there are a variety of ways to specify the calculation of a preferred return based on the timing of capital contributions or fund investments. The purpose of including a preferred return “catch-up” in a waterfall is to allow a private real estate fund’s general partner/ sponsor to have some participation in the fund’s profits, so long as the preferred return has been allocated to the investors. The catch-up feature ensures that the profits resulting from a successful private real estate fund are allocated exactly in accordance with the agreed upon profit split and, conversely, the profits from a marginally successful fund will be primarily allocated to investors rather than the fund’s manager/ sponsor.
Some funds will employ a “clawback” mechanism as a check against any over-allocation to a private real estate fund’s sponsor group. Clawback provisions take many different forms, but they generally serve as a contractual obligation of the fund’s manager/ sponsor to return any and all profit allocations it receives, in the event that:

any investor does not receive both (A) a return of the investor’s entire capital contribution, and (B) the entire preferred return on invested capital; or
the total amount allocated to the general partner/ sponsor over the life of the fund is greater than the agreed upon profit split

Private real estate funds can also differ from other types of funds in how and when capital contributions are returned to investors. A private real estate fund sponsor must closely consider the fund’s investment strategy when structuring for the return of capital. For example, a fund that is focused on fixing and “flipping” real estate would likely prefer to retain the proceeds resulting from sale of early investment assets for future investment activity. On the other hand, there would be no reason for a private real estate fund focused on the development of a single project to retain investor capital. Some funds also choose to treat current income generated from the fund’s investment assets differently than the proceeds from the sale of the fund’s investment assets, such that the waterfall for current income does not include a return of capital. However, it is important to keep in mind that the preferred return generally continues to accrue on all unreturned capital contributions and it may make more sense for the private real estate fund to return capital to investors at its earliest opportunity.
 

If you’re ready to begin the process of structuring private real estate funds, or you’d like to receive additional information regarding the timeline or costs involved in structuring funds, schedule a complimentary consultation today.

 
Fees and Expenses and Related Conflicts of Interest
As an investment type, real estate is often susceptible to the imposition of many fees and costs, some of which can appear to be duplicative or improperly allocated to investors in a private real estate fund. Real estate funds generally charge investors a fixed management fee, based on a percentage of the fund’s assets under management, to cover the manager’s costs of operating the fund. General fund expenses are also typically factored into the overall net profit or net loss available to investors. For example, if a private real estate fund contracts with a third-party to serve as a property developer, general contractor, or property manager for the fund’s investment assets, rather than utilizing the fund’s general partner/ sponsor in such roles, investors may question the purpose or amount of the management fee.
Certainly, conflicts of interest may arise when a fund’s manager/ sponsor does provide development or property management services to the fund and care should be exercised to fully disclose any and all amounts that the fund may pay to the fund manager and its affiliates. It is often helpful for a private real estate fund to consider a more customized compensation system for its general partner or manager in order to better align the interests of all parties. More complex compensation structures include fully-disclosed acquisition, development, and disposition fees, fixed limitations on total fees and expenses payable to the manager, and limitations that provide that ancillary fees will only be paid from the fund’s cash flow when it is ultimately distributed to the investors. In any case, investors must be given detailed disclosure regarding any compensation to a private real estate fund’s manager/ sponsor or the sponsor group risks significant potential liability as a result of non-disclosure.
 
Operational Considerations
By their nature, private real estate funds often reflect many of the characteristics of traditional operating businesses. The sponsor’s principal managers and employees must consider numerous operational issues that generally don’t arise in the course of operating other, open-end private investment funds. For example, a private real estate fund must be able to provide for the development, improvement, property management, and/or maintenance of its investment assets. Real estate investments also encounter unique requirements for insurance, compliance with state and local codes and ordinances, and will usually be subject to property taxes and other ongoing taxes and assessments. Successful real estate fund sponsor groups plan for operational challenges in advance to allow the fund to achieve its objectives and return capital to investors.
 
Conclusion
The process to launch a private real estate fund involves navigating a variety of structural complexities and business challenges. Presenting investors with an offering that is not consistent with current market imperatives will make the process to raise investor capital substantially more difficult. In what has become an increasingly competitive environment for investor funds, only those sponsors that take a thoughtful approach and present a coherent value proposition will succeed to build long-term value in a private real estate fund complex.
 
Ready to Start a Real Estate Fund?
If you’re ready to begin the process to start a real estate fund, please contact us to schedule a complimentary consultation to answer any questions that you may have and to learn more about the timeline and costs to launch your fund.
 

Additional articles you may be interested in reading:
Structural Distinctions Between Private Equity Funds & Hedge Funds
Launching An Incubator Hedge Fund


 


 

Contact us for a
Complimentary Consultation


 


























Greystar Fund Will Acquire Monogram in $3 Billion Deal | Fortune.comReal EstateSearchSearchelection hackingHackers Will Be Breaking Into Voting Machines This WeekendUberUber’s CEO Wish List Is Full of Names You Probably KnowCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDFortune 500How Much Would You Pay For the New iPhone?Bob Faith, CEO of Greystar (Photo: Greystar)Real EstateGreystar Fund to Acquire Monogram in $3 Billion DealReutersJul 04, 2017(NEW YORK, July 4) - A new fund led by Greystar Real Estate Partners, the largest operator of apartments in the United States, will acquire luxury U.S. apartment developer Monogram Residential Trust Inc in a deal valued at about $3 billion, the companies said on Tuesday.Monogram's shareholders will receive $12 per share in cash in the deal, representing a 22 percent premium to the company's closing price July 3.Plano, Texas-based Monogram owns, operates and develops luxury apartment communities in coastal and urban markets including southern Florida and Boston.The new fund led by Greystar, called Greystar Growth and Income Fund LP, also received additional founding capital from affiliates of Dutch pension capital investor APG Asset Management N.V., Singaporean sovereign wealth fund GIC and Canadian real estate investor Ivanhoe Cambridge.Calls for comment to Greystar and Monogram were not immediately returned.Real estate-focused activist investors Snow Park Capital Partners LP last year urged Monogram to explore strategic alternatives including a sale because its shares were trading at a significant discount.Analysts have noted that Monogram faces subpar performance and substantial debt maturities this year and next.In addition to its U.S. investments, Charleston, South Carolina-based Greystar has been expanding abroad, scouting out opportunities in major Chinese cities and planning to own 10,000 apartments across London by 2021, Reuters has reported.Morgan Stanley & Co LLC and Goodwin Procter LLP advised Monogram in the deal. Greystar was advised by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Jones Day.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn 



Dune Real Estate Partners























Vision of Opportunity
Dune Real Estate Partners LP is a New York City-based real
estate investment firm currently executing an opportunistic
strategy focused on distressed, deep value-add and contrarian
investing, primarily in the United States.



INVESTMENT SPOTLIGHT:The Mark Hotellearn more >>









Products | UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL








































UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL
Building Partnership, Cultivating Value




















  Welcome

 
  History

 
About UOB



 
  Management

 
  Approach

 
  Capabilities

 
  Products

 
  Relationships

 
  Commentary

 
  Contact us

 
New York Office

 
Paris Office

 
Singapore Office






 

 














Products 

PRIVATE EQUITY
Direct
ASEAN China – The ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. had its final close in 2005.  The Fund focuses its operations in the ASEAN-China Growth Corridor, comprising the 10 member-states of ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China.  The Fund targets privately negotiated equity and equity related investments in small and medium sized companies, particularly those that can benefit from the rapidly expanding trade and investment ties between ASEAN and China and their respective extra-regional trading partners.  A follow-on fund, the ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. II had its final close in 2010.  This fund will be substantially investing in the same geographies as Fund I.
Fund of Funds
Europe– The Hermes UOB European Private Equity Fund had its final close in 2000. The Fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of European private equity funds.
Pan Asian– The UOB Portfolio Advisors Pan Asia Select Fund I, II and III had their respective final closings in 2007, 2009 and 2012.  The Funds invest in private equity funds in the Asia Pacific Region. The Funds invest in buyouts, special situations, growth capital and selectively in venture, secondary and co-investment opportunities in Greater China, Singapore, ASEAN, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand.
REAL ESTATE
The HUH U.S. Real Estate Income Fund raised US$300 million for investment in US core plus assets.  The Fund assembeled a portfolio of assets that provides stable, distributable current income over the life of the fund. Additional returns may be generated through improving NOI and disposing of assets with cap rate compression. The strategy employs moderate leverage of not more than 50% and  is targeted to produce Net Investor IRR of 7-10%.The Fund’s investment strategy is to acquire inefficiently priced, well located and well leased properties in the United States, with primary focus on the Eastern US. Long term leases and a focus on credit tenants will produce stable cash from the operations. The Funds portfolio consists of  about 80% Grocery Anchored Retail and 20% Industrial assets.
UOB Eagle Rock Multi-Family Property Fund L.P. is a Delaware Limited Partnership. The Fund raised about US$ 136  million which was deployed in a portfolio of stable, income producing multifamily apartment communities in generating  current income for regular distribution, targeting stable and robust equity returns of  13- 18% net IRR.The Fund’s emphasis will is  on markets in the Northeastern corridor in the United States between Washington D.C., to the South, and Boston, Massachusetts, to the North. This is a specialized area of real estate requiring both the ability to identify and acquire on advantageous terms select properties but also to operate these properties. The key is to ensure maximum occupancy, control costs and capital maintenance and increase rentals over time. This approach provides reliable yields, with regular tax effective distributions and over time, capital appreciation.
LISTED EQUITY                    
Asia-Pacific– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian-Pacific emerging & developed markets.
Asia ex Japan– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Asian Small Cap– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital growth by investing primarily in small capitalization stocks and stock-related securities issued by corporations in the Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Greater China– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in securities that have businesses in Hong Kong, China and Taiwan. The main markets invested are the Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Taiwan Stock Exchanges.
Japan– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in companies with assets in, or revenue derived from Japan.
U.S All Cap– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing primarily in US equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
Global Equities– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing global equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
FIXED INCOME
Asian Fixed Income – This strategy seeks to provide stable current income and capital appreciation by investing in debt securities issued by Asian corportations, financial institutions, governments and their agencies (including money market instruments).
Renminbi Bond Fund – This strategy seeks to generate fixed income returns and benefit from the potential appreciation of the Renminbi over the medium term by investing primarily in Renminbi denominated debt securities issued or distributed outside mainland China.  The issuers of such securities include, but are not limited to, governments, quasi-government bodies, international and multinational organizations, banks and financial institutions and corporations.
Emerging Market Debt – This strategy seeks to maximize returns with high yield and capital appreciation over the longer term in emerging markets debt investments and products.
HEDGE FUNDS
Hedge funds marketed by UOBGC affiliates include a series of single strategy long/short funds including a large/mid cap fund and a focused portfolio fund.  In addition, a short duration credit opportunities fund and a multi-strategy fund are available.
IRISH UCITS PLATFORM
UOBGC, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, UOB Global Capital (Dublin) Ltd manages an Irish based Family of Funds.    The UOB Global Strategies Funds PLC is an open ended umbrella type investment company with variable capital incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Ireland. Within this UCITS structure there are funds focused on Greater China Equities, U.S. Equities, US All Cap stocks and Global Equities and Renminbi Bonds.  These funds are available to non-U.S. institutional investors and are registered in various jurisdictions including Switzerland, Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands and the U.K.
More information for non-U.S. residents can be found at www.uobglobalfunds.com
For Swiss and German investors more information can be found at www.fundinfo.com

 
 
 












 


 



Website Search

 



 
 






 



  



 



Contact Us

 


New York: 
212 398.6633



Paris:
331 5364 8400



Singapore:
65 6539.2805






 

 









welcome | history | about uob | management | approach | capabilities | products | relationships | contact us | terms & conditions | site map
 
 © 2017 UOB Global Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.Website by d'Art Inc. - Web Development & Consulting



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































