
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




	EXACTOR Trademark of Exactor, Inc. Serial Number: 77642904 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
EXACTOR










 
Get FREE email alerts













EXACTOR  Trademark Information
 Exactor, Inc
Sales and use tax filing services
Financial services in the nature of coordination of a customer's sales and use tax management and compliance requirements, namely, sales and use tax payment processing services
Application service provider (ASP) featuring software for use in sales and use tax compliance and management, determining and tracking sales and use tax liability and obligations, managing buyer and seller information and data relevant for determining sales and use tax liability, and preparing and filing tax returns




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
sales   use   tax   filing   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the EXACTOR trademark by Exactor, Inc 
                                in Wynnewood, PA, 19096.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this EXACTOR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Exactor, Inc of the EXACTOR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the EXACTOR trademark.
                           






On Saturday, January 03, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        EXACTOR by 
                        Exactor, Inc, Wynnewood, PA  19096.
                        The USPTO has given the EXACTOR 
                        trademark serial  number of  77642904.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for EXACTOR is 
                        
                        
                                            John M. Cone of 
                                            Ferguson, Braswell & Fraser, PC,  2500 Dallas Parkway, Plano TX 75093 
                                .
                            The EXACTOR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for EXACTOR 
                            is Sales and use tax filing services. 
                            





Word mark:
 EXACTOR


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

4/2/2015



  Serial Number:  
77642904


  Filing Date:  
1/3/2009


 Registration Number:  
3666270 


 Registration Date:  
8/11/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Sales and use tax filing services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/26/2009


Last Applicant/Owner:

Exactor, IncWynnewood, PA  19096
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


John M. Cone
Ferguson, Braswell & Fraser, PC
2500 Dallas Parkway
Plano TX 75093






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2004


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2004




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2004


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2004




Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2004


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2004





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your EXACTOR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/2/2015
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



John M. Cone


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of EXACTOR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search exactor on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for EXACTOR 




EXACTOR is providing Sales and use tax filing services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















EXACTOR INC Wynnewood PA, 19096 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Exactor Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Exactor Inc



543 Foxglove Ln

Wynnewood,
							
							
							 PA
							
							
							 19096-1659
							
							 |  view map


(610) 667-3734

www.exactor.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

EXACTOR INC is in the Prepackaged Software industry in Wynnewood, PA.  This company currently has approximately 5 to 10 employees  and  annual sales of $500,000 to $999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Prepackaged Software
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2003
					

Sales Range:
						$500,000 to $999,999
					

Employees:
						5 to 10


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


Wynnewood-based tax software company raises $3.3M in private equity financing The Philadelphia Business Journal - News




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

University of Alaska Fairbanks


Hammer & CO


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Walbro


Montgomery Marine Repair


Coats Electric CO Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Exactor Inc
Rate Exactor Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Exactor Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGUE
VUDEN INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CONTORNO INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
ADVENT I LLC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














exactorinc.com

Sales Tax Filing Module | Exactor






















































 Sign up for a new account   | Merchant Login 
 













  




















  





















 















 




 


 










Sales Tax Filing Module













Generating Returns and Sales Tax Filing




 
Generating returns and sales tax filing is a formidable task by itself. Remembering to do it consistently and on-time compounds the difficulty. It is not just the technical, mechanical or physical aspects of filing, but rather the mental aspect – knowing which sales tax returns need to be filed, to which states, and when. In addition, the filing requirements can be different from one filing period to the next. There is nothing consistent about the process. Limited resources and fragmented responsibilities often leave no one individual truly accountable. Small errors, filing a day late, not having proof of filing or a simple sales tax calculation error resulting in a few pennies filing error, are all costly mistakes that could cost hundreds of dollars per occurrence.
Why struggle with this process?
Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module automatically imports sales data into the appropriate sales tax returns and files these returns when due. The sales tax returns are stored and maintained on the Exactor servers for easy retrieval. Merchants can rest easy knowing that their sales tax obligations are being handled accurately and in a timely fashion by a single point of contact – Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module.
The Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module manages the filing process in a fully automated and seamless manner. Exactor sales and use tax software generates the sales tax returns on a periodic basis as required; makes the returns available for approval to assure that they reconcile with your accounts, and, once approved, files the returns on behalf of a merchant.
The Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module will also remit the taxes together with the sales tax returns.
The Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module files the returns in ALL jurisdictions in the U.S., including state, county, city and local level. The process is transparent to a merchant. When using the Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module, a merchant will not be required under any circumstance to file online sales tax return or cut and mail a check on their own to any sales tax collection agency – at the state, county, city or special district levels. The Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module manages the entire process.
As your single source for filing, Exactor sales tax service will manage and respond to tax notices from state and local tax agencies. The Exactor Sales Tax Filing Module retains all relevant information that is required to address most tax notices, including copies of returns; proof of filing; proof of payment and all supporting data. Exactor’s responses to tax notices, the speed of response and detail information provided have proven time and time again to satisfy tax notices and requests.
 
Sign up for Exactor Sales Tax Compliance Service


 
 

 
 




















Share This





Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Exactor, Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Accounting Services Industry Report

















Exactor, Inc.Company Information

543 Foxglove LnWynnewood, PA, 19096 United States(610) 667-3734 †
http://www.exactor.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Exactor, Inc. Company Profile
Tax return preparation services
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Exactor, Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Wynnewood, PA, United States
Accounting Services







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days


























Campus Philly Careers











































 




Home

Logout











Home


RegisterSign in











Exactor, Inc.

        
          555 City Avenue, Suite 620, 
          
          Bala Cynwyd 
          pa, 
          19004
        
      
786-655-4959



 @ExactorSalesTax












 https://www.linkedin.com/company/exactor





Information TechnologyTechnology and mobile applicationMission StatementExactor is revolutionizing sales tax compliance by providing the next-generation, end-to-end solution for secure, reliable and accurate sales tax compliance efforts, including tax calculation, record keeping and tax processing. Exactor’s cloud based Software as a Service (SaaS) system introduces to sales tax compliance the same high standards and ease of use typically associated with payroll taxes. This allows you to focus on SALES, while Exactor deals with the TAX.

Exactor is a leader in the new generation of sales tax compliance software, providing a true SaaS fully automated end-to-end solution, compared to first generation solutions that focus upon a single task of calculating taxes only. In much the same way that service providers like ADP and Paychex have taken on responsibility for companies’ payroll tax compliance processes, Exactor allows the merchant to shift the burden of sales tax compliance to Exactor’s specialists and significantly reduce their compliance costs.
Exactor provides a fully automated, cloud based SaaS sales tax compliance solution to organizations with sales across any channel to market (in-store, catalog or internet sales). Exactor’s product suite was designed using a modular approach, allowing the merchant to select only those modules it needs to meet its compliance requirements. 

Modules include:

ExactOCalc – real time determination of sales tax rates;
ExactOTrac – tracking transaction changes (discounts, product returns, etc.) and calculating sales tax;
ExactOExempt – automated management of sales tax exemption certificates;
ExactOFile – preparing and filing tax returns and remitting tax payments;
ExactOVAT – calculating and determining value added tax on international transactions; ExactOAVS – address verification service, cleaning address as input by the user, standardizing and verifying the address as being accurate and deliverable.
Company Website

www.exactor.com


Available Gigs





























































Exactor - Login









	Login into your account






















 





 
Account #:



 
User Name:



 
Password:



 
   or   Forgot Password?


 





  
















 
Exactor is revolutionizing sales tax compliance by providing the next-generation, end-to-end solution for secure, reliable and accurate sales tax record keeping and tax processing. 

								Exactor's service introduces to sales tax compliance the same high standards and ease of use typically associated with payroll taxes. This allows the merchant to focus on SALES, while Exactor deals with the TAX.










Terms of use . Privacy statement












Exactor, Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Accounting Services Industry Report















Exactor, Inc. Revenue and Financial Data
Tax return preparation services







Financials Information for Exactor, Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.663502 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























Exactor, Inc. | Sales Tax Support
























Home
Site MapContact Us 







The place to find business sales tax information
 — as well as solutions, services and jobs!














HomeSolution & Service DirectoriesSolutions DirectoryProducts 




Exactor, Inc.



HQ Location
543 Foxglove LaneWynnewood, PA19096Telephone:  800-851-8226

Sales Tax Products Information/Sales Contact:Sales
Direct Tel: 800-851-8226
Website
Company Profile:
Exactor is revolutionizing sales tax compliance by providing the next-generation, end-to-end, fully automated, solution for secure, reliable and accurate sales tax record keeping and tax processing. Exactor's service introduces to sales tax compliance the same high standards and ease of use typically associated with payroll taxes. This allows the merchant to focus on SALES, while Exactor deals with the TAX.


Company Size:
Medium (11-40 Employees)


Sales Tax (SALT) Products provided:
Rates Lookup, Rates Data, Calculation, SSTP Certified, Exemption Certificate Mgmt.


Sales Tax Products Coverage By Geographic Area:
Int'l - Canada, Int'l - VAT, USA - All States


Industries Served:
General, Retail, Construction, Direct Sales(MLM), E-Commerce, Food/Grocery, Food/Restaurant, Gaming, Manufacturing, Medical, Pharmaceutical, Start-up, Technology/Software

Products Offering:
Calculations, Rates, Exemption Sys, Rates with Rules, Returns, Returns W/ Filing Service, SSTP Certified
Rates:
All users have access to Exactor's virtual terminal environment where they can perform ad-hoc transactions and access instant tax rate data.
Calculation:
Accurately determining the taxability of a sale is a very complex process, stemming from the many issues that affect the tax determination. These issues range from establishing the location of the transaction; the products and services being sold; and the parties involved in the transaction. All of this information is required to determine which of the more than 7,000 taxing authorities will govern the transaction, which rules will apply to the transaction, whether the given products are taxable and at what rate, and whether the consumer might possess an exemption that will render the entire transaction as tax exempt.
Returns / Filing:
Filing sales tax returns is a formidable task-knowing which returns need to be filed, to which states, and by when. In addition, the filing requirements can be different from one filing period to the next. Why struggle with this process? ExactorFile automatically imports sales data into the appropriate sales tax returns and files these returns electronically when due. The sales tax returns are stored and maintained on the Exactor servers for easy retrieval.
Exemption Certification Mgmt.:
Managing exemptions is often the most difficult part of the sales tax process. While not a complicated task, exemption management can be extremely time-consuming. The last thing that any sales person wants to do is stop a transaction in mid stride to obtain an exemption certificate. The ExactorExempt module is designed to automate the process of creating, tracking & managing exemption certificates, without impeding the flow of the transaction.

 Disclaimer: Access to any portion of SalesTaxSupport.com is contingent upon your acceptance of our Terms of Use. This Web Site and content provided by STS Publishing, LLC and its third party content providers, including, but not limited to information, documents, forms, comments, advice and opinions, is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for professional advice, nor does the use of this Web Site constitute a professional-client relationship. The Web-Site also includes advertisements, directory listings, job postings and links to third party web sites, all of which are provided for your convenience only and in no way constitute a referral, endorsement, or warranty by SalesTaxSupport.com of any product or service provided by such third parties. All content is provided “as is” with no guarantee regarding accuracy, suitability, or timeliness. Your reliance on any content accessed on or through the Web Site, or on any product or service provider is strictly at your own risk.

Top Searches

Audits
Basics
Drop-Ship
E-Commerce / Internet
Exemptions & Certificates
Forms
Nexus
Questions
Rates
Registration
State Rules & Req's









Save Time! Get Connected!

Get periodic updates on sales tax issues, webinars, & jobs!




This field is required.












Contributors

Alison Manning, CMI
Annette Nellen, CPA, ESQ
B.J. Pritchett, CMI
Carolynn Iafrate Kranz
Christina Edson
Connie Eisenberg
Cory Barwick
Dan Davis
Diane Yetter
Gabrielle Luoma, CPA, CGMA
Guy Nevers, CPA, MT
James R. Dumler
Jeff Meigs
Jerry Donnini
Jesse W. McClellan, ESQ
John Daly
Joni Johnson-Powe, JD, CPA
Kathleen Lusk, CMI CPA
Keith Crichton, CPA
Lauren Stinson, CMI
Lloyd Geggatt
Marc Brandeis
Marc Palmer Kram
Mark Faggiano
Michael J. Fleming
Monika Miles, CPA
Ned Lenhart, CPA
Noel Hamm
Patricia L. Pelino
Rachel A Le Mieux, CPA
Shane Ratigan
Silvia Aguirre
Suzy Soo
Sylvia F. Dion, CPA
Thomas A. Alston
Tom Mazurek, CPA
William Seitz, ESQ




Log in

 





Latest Sales Tax Blog Posts


SaaS Characterized as Taxable…

Consumer Use Tax vs Direct Pay in Arkansas:…

CA Board of Equalization: Changes to…

Arizona MAAR Contractors: Simplified Sales…

Aircraft & Vessel Taxation: For Expense…

Sales Tax Filing Basics















On the Sales Tax Job Board

3065
		# of Jobs listed
> View or Post Sales Tax Jobs


Sales Tax "Issues" Blogs

Audits and Sales Tax
Exemption Certificate Mgmt.
Fiction and Fact
Internet Tax / E-Commerce
Local Sales Tax / Home Rule Issues
Sales Tax Automation & Software
Sales Tax Basics
Sales Tax Nexus
Sales Tax Outsourcing
Sales Tax Policy - Tales & Trends
Streamlined Sales Tax (SST)
Use Tax



Sales Tax "Industry" Blogs

Aviation Tax
Cloud, Software & Digital Tax
Construction / Contractor Tax
Food (Tax) for Thought
Manufacturing & Distribution
Medical Industry Tax
Small Business E-Commerce
Telecom Taxation
U.S. Sales Tax for Foreign Sellers



Sales Tax "State" Blogs

Alabama (AL)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Georgia (GA)
Illinois (IL)
Massachusetts (MA)
Missouri (MO)
New York (NY)
Ohio (OH)
Washington (WA)






















VAI Expands Offerings With Exactor Partnership














































1.800.824.7776

Contact Us


Support Login


VAI Blog









 









VAI - Vormittag Associates, Inc.


















VAI Expands Offerings With Exactor Partnership 
Powerful Sales Tax Software Solution Gives Rowmark LLC Access to End-to-End Tax Support
Ronkonkoma, N.Y. - August 29, 2016 - VAI (Vormittag Associates, Inc.), a leading ERP software provider, today announced the addition of a new sales tax solution offering for customers through its partnership with Exactor, a sales tax compliance software company. Rowmark LLC has experienced measurable return on investment (ROI) from the Exactor and VAI partnership. Through integrating Exactor’s sales tax solution into VAI’s S2K Enterprise software suite, Rowmark, has automated end-to-end tax support within the S2K suite, enabling company growth while simplifying the work environment.
Rowmark’s global presence includes 200 distributors in 87 countries around the world. Since its inception in 1987, Rowmark has expanded its core business of providing engravable sheet plastic to the award recognition industry. Over the past three decades, Rowmark has grown its various divisions to also serve sign makers, architects and commercial interior designers with quality products specific to their industries. As Rowmark continues its upward trajectory of growing its offerings and expanding into new markets, it chose VAI’s partner Exactor to help maintain sales tax compliance.
“With our continual growth, Rowmark needed a solid tax solution in place to help meet expanding business demands, and we found that in VAI’s partner, Exactor,” said Gary Justen, Director of Information Technologies at Rowmark. “The Exactor team is extremely knowledgeable about tax laws and has addressed every special situation we’ve come across in a timely manner, making our lives much simpler. With Exactor’s easy-to-use interface, we have found a cost-effective solution through VAI that has enhanced our operations and reporting while simplifying our working environments.”
“As a business that places great value on providing quality customer service, we wanted to pair our services with a company of equal standing and found that with VAI,” said Tim Walsh, Director of Sales and Business Development, Exactor. “And after hearing of Rowmark’s success of integrating our sales tax software into VAI’s S2K solution, we know we’ve made the right decision and look forward to many more fruitful working relationships.”
“With nearly 30 years in the plastics market, Rowmark understands what it means to be agile and innovative in order to remain competitive and grow,” said Maggie Kelleher, Director of Business Development at VAI. By selecting our partner, Exactor, together with the continual support of VAI, they will have peace of mind in knowing a solid team is at work at all times to ensure tax compliance.”
About VAI (Vormittag Associates, Inc.) VAI is a leading independent mid-market ERP software developer renowned for its flexible solutions and ability to automate critical business functions for the distribution, manufacturing, specialty retail and service sectors. An IBM Premier Business Partner, VAI is the 2012 IBM Beacon Award Winner for Outstanding Solutions for Midsize Businesses. VAI continues to innovate with new solutions that leverage analytics, business intelligence, mobility and cloud technology to help customers make more informed business decisions in real-time and empower their mobile workforces. VAI is headquartered in Ronkonkoma, NY with branch offices in Florida, Illinois and California. For more information, visit www.vai.net, follow @VAISoftware on Twitter or “like us” on facebook.com/VAISoftware.
About Exactor Exactor is the leading authority in Sales Tax Compliance Services for small and mid size (SMB) businesses. Our fully automated SaaS System is revolutionizing sales tax compliance by providing an enterprise level solution for secure, reliable and accurate sales tax compliance efforts, including calculating taxes in all commercial environments, record keeping, tax processing and the generating and filing of tax returns in all jurisdictions (state and local).
To learn more visit us at www.exactor.com     Exactor® is a registered trademark owned by Exactor, Inc.
About Rowmark Rowmark is the world’s leading manufacturer of engravable sheet plastic for the awards, engraving and signage markets, and also carries a complete line of sublimation products and sign frames, stand-offs and mounting fixtures. Its products are sold exclusively through a worldwide network of 200 Authorized Rowmark Distributors in more than 87 countries. Rowmark products are made in the USA at its manufacturing facility in Findlay, Ohio. The company has broadened its global presence, expanding its market reach in Europe and Australia through the establishment of warehouse and customer service centers located near Antwerp, Belgium and Sydney, Australia.
For more information, please contact:
Diane Dady VAI 800-824-7776 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Calin Gunn Racepoint Global 202-517-1502 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.





















 
Navigation



Company


Solutions


Customers


Industries


Technology


Events


Training


 



 





 
What We Offer



S2K Enterprise


S2K Enterprise for Food


S2K Warehouse Management


S2K Analytics


S2K Sales Force


S2K Enterprise Portal


S2K Mobile


S2K Smart Center


S2K Integrator


Additional Business Solutions


 



 





 
Latest Tweet





VAIsoftware 
												Head over to @MfgEngNews to learn how manufacturers are embracing #IoT to increase warehouse efficiency: https://t.co/MGzijMoGiE 








Newsletter Sign Up



 
 
 

 



 





 
Get Social



Facebook 


Twitter 


LinkedIn 


YouTube 


 

Contact

120 Comac Street Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 Toll Free: 1.800.824.7776 Telephone: 1.631.588.9500 Fax: 1.631.588.9770
E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 



 


















VAI - Vormittag Associates, Inc.
©2017 

















JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.


	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































