










 


 

Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc raised $11,611,394 on May 23rd, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/255899-excelsior-private-markets-fund-iii-master-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=255899  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc raised $11,611,394 on May 23rd, 2014.Get alertedif Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc gets funded!Amount:$11,611,394Company:Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) LlcInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonKey people:James Bowden (Executive Officer) Alan Brott (Director) John Hover Ii (Director) Victor Imbimbo (Director) Stephen Murphy (Director) Steven Suss (Executive Officer) Thomas Yellin (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (Master), LLC (0001572914) (Filer)Description:Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc disclosed it has raised 12M in a round of financing. The round took place in May 23d, 2014. Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:07 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



225 High Ridge RoadStamford, CT 06905United States



Phone: 800-647-6972








Key Executives for Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC


Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































  Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al., 18023-18028 [2017-07539]  :: Securities And Exchange Commission :: Agencies And Commissions :: Regulation Tracker :: Justia









































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing









Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al., 18023-18028 [2017-07539]Download as PDF


Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices
work for the Federal Government under
contract.
Number of Respondents: 112,894 (SF
85P); 11,717 (SF 85P–S).
Estimated Time per Respondent: 155
minutes (SF 85P); 10 minutes (SF 85P–
S).
Total Burden Hours: 291,643 (SF
85P); 1,953 (SF 85P–S).
U.S. Office of Personnel Management.
Kathleen M. McGettigan,
Acting Director.
[FR Doc. 2017–07609 Filed 4–13–17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 6325–53–P

POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION
[Docket Nos. MC2017–110 and CP2017–158,
MC2017–111 and CP2017–159, MC2017–112
and CP2017–160, MC2017–113, and
CP2017–161]

New Postal Products
Postal Regulatory Commission.
Notice.

AGENCY:
ACTION:

The Commission is noticing a
recent Postal Service filing for the
Commission’s consideration concerning
a negotiated service agreement. This
notice informs the public of the filing,
invites public comment, and takes other
administrative steps.
DATES: Comments are due: April 18,
2017.
SUMMARY:

Submit comments
electronically via the Commission’s
Filing Online system at http://
www.prc.gov. Those who cannot submit
comments electronically should contact
the person identified in the FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT section by
telephone for advice on filing
alternatives.
ADDRESSES:

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:

David A. Trissell, General Counsel, at
202–789–6820.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Table of Contents
I. Introduction
II. Docketed Proceeding(s)

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

I. Introduction
The Commission gives notice that the
Postal Service filed request(s) for the
Commission to consider matters related
to negotiated service agreement(s). The
request(s) may propose the addition or
removal of a negotiated service
agreement from the market dominant or
the competitive product list, or the
modification of an existing product
currently appearing on the market
dominant or the competitive product
list.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

Section II identifies the docket
number(s) associated with each Postal
Service request, the title of each Postal
Service request, the request’s acceptance
date, and the authority cited by the
Postal Service for each request. For each
request, the Commission appoints an
officer of the Commission to represent
the interests of the general public in the
proceeding, pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 505
(Public Representative). Section II also
establishes comment deadline(s)
pertaining to each request.
The public portions of the Postal
Service’s request(s) can be accessed via
the Commission’s Web site (http://
www.prc.gov). Non-public portions of
the Postal Service’s request(s), if any,
can be accessed through compliance
with the requirements of 39 CFR
3007.40.
The Commission invites comments on
whether the Postal Service’s request(s)
in the captioned docket(s) are consistent
with the policies of title 39. For
request(s) that the Postal Service states
concern market dominant product(s),
applicable statutory and regulatory
requirements include 39 U.S.C. 3622, 39
U.S.C. 3642, 39 CFR part 3010, and 39
CFR part 3020, subpart B. For request(s)
that the Postal Service states concern
competitive product(s), applicable
statutory and regulatory requirements
include 39 U.S.C. 3632, 39 U.S.C. 3633,
39 U.S.C. 3642, 39 CFR part 3015, and
39 CFR part 3020, subpart B. Comment
deadline(s) for each request appear in
section II.
II. Docketed Proceeding(s)
1. Docket No(s).: MC2017–110 and
CP2017–158; Filing Title: Request of the
United States Postal Service to Add
Priority Mail Contract 305 to
Competitive Product List and Notice of
Filing (Under Seal) of Unredacted
Governors’ Decision, Contract, and
Supporting Data; Filing Acceptance
Date: April 10, 2017; Filing Authority:
39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR 3020.30 et
seq.; Public Representative: Max E.
Schnidman; Comments Due: April 18,
2017.
2. Docket No(s).: MC2017–111 and
CP2017–159; Filing Title: Request of the
United States Postal Service to Add
Priority Mail Contract 306 to
Competitive Product List and Notice of
Filing (Under Seal) of Unredacted
Governors’ Decision, Contract, and
Supporting Data; Filing Acceptance
Date: April 10, 2017; Filing Authority:
39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR 3020.30 et
seq.; Public Representative: Max E.
Schnidman; Comments Due: April 18,
2017.
3. Docket No(s).: MC2017–112 and
CP2017–160; Filing Title: Request of the

PO 00000

Frm 00057

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

18023

United States Postal Service to Add
Priority Mail Contract 307 to
Competitive Product List and Notice of
Filing (Under Seal) of Unredacted
Governors’ Decision, Contract, and
Supporting Data; Filing Acceptance
Date: April 10, 2017; Filing Authority:
39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR 3020.30 et
seq.; Public Representative: Katalin K.
Clendenin; Comments Due: April 18,
2017.
4. Docket No(s).: MC2017–113 and
CP2017–161; Filing Title: Request of the
United States Postal Service to Add
Priority Mail Express & Priority Mail
Contract 45 to Competitive Product List
and Notice of Filing (Under Seal) of
Unredacted Governors’ Decision,
Contract, and Supporting Data; Filing
Acceptance Date: April 10, 2017; Filing
Authority: 39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR
3020.30 et seq.; Public Representative:
Katalin K. Clendenin; Comments Due:
April 18, 2017.
This notice will be published in the
Federal Register.
Stacy L. Ruble,
Secretary.
[FR Doc. 2017–07563 Filed 4–13–17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 7710–FW–P

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
[Release No. IC–32597; File No. 812–14548–
05]

Excelsior Private Markets Fund II
(Master), LLC, et al.
April 10, 2017.

Securities and Exchange
Commission (‘‘Commission’’).
ACTION: Notice.
AGENCY:

Notice of application for an order
under section 17(d) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (the ‘‘Act’’) and
rule 17d–1 under the Act to permit
certain joint transactions otherwise
prohibited by section 17(d) of the Act
and rule 17d–1 under the Act.
SUMMARY OF APPLICATION: Applicants
request an order to permit certain
closed-end management investment
companies to co-invest in portfolio
companies with each other and with
affiliated investment funds.
APPLICANTS: Excelsior Private Markets
Fund II (Master), LLC (‘‘Excelsior
Private Markets II’’); Excelsior Private
Markets Fund III (Master), LLC
(‘‘Excelsior Private Markets III’’); NB
Crossroads Private Markets Fund IV
Holdings LLC (‘‘NB Crossroads’’); UST
Global Private Markets Fund, LLC
(‘‘UST Global’’); Excelsior Venture

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1

18024

Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices

Partners III, LLC (‘‘Excelsior Venture III’’
and, collectively with Excelsior Private
Markets II, Excelsior Private Markets III,
NB Crossroads and UST Global, the
‘‘Existing Regulated Entities’’);
Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers
LLC (‘‘NBIA’’); NB Alternatives
Advisers LLC (‘‘NBAA’’); NB ASGA
Fund Holdings LP, NB Canafund Private
Debt LP, NB Caspian Holdings LP, NB
CPEG Fund Holdings LP, NB Crossroads
XXI—LC Holdings LP, NB Crossroads
XXI—MC Holdings LP, NB Crossroads
XXI—SS Holdings LP, NB Crossroads
XXI—VC Holdings LP, NB Crystal PE
Holdings LP, NB Flamingo Private Debt
LP, NB Granite Private Debt LP, NB—
Iowa’s Private Universities LP, NB
LAOF—Holdings LP, NB PEP Holdings
Limited, NB Pine Private Debt LP, NB
Private Debt Fund LP, NB Private Debt
II Holdings LP, NB Private Equity Credit
Opportunities Holdings LP, NB
Renaissance Partners Holdings S.a.r.l.,
NB RP Co-Investment & Secondary
Fund LLC, NB RPPE Partners LP, NB
SBS US 1 Fund LP, NB SOF 2016–A
Master LP, NB SOF III Holdings LP, NB
SOF IV Holdings LP, NB SOF IV
Cayman Holdings LP, NB-Sompo RA
Holdings LP, NB Sonoran Fund Limited
Partnership, NB Strategic Co-Investment
Partners III Holdings LP, NB Wildcats
Fund LP, Columbia NB Crossroads Fund
II LP, NorthBound Emerging Manager
Fund II—A LP, NorthBound NCRS Fund
LP, and NYSCRF NB Co-Investment
Fund LLC (collectively, the ‘‘Existing
Affiliated Funds’’).

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:

James D. McGinnis, Senior Counsel, at
(202) 551–3025 or Holly Hunter-Ceci,
Acting Assistant Chief Counsel, at (202)
551–6825 (Chief Counsel’s Office,
Division of Investment Management).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The
following is a summary of the
application. The complete application
may be obtained via the Commission’s
Web site by searching for the file
number, or for an applicant using the
Company name box, at http://
www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by
calling (202) 551–8090.

An
order granting the requested relief will
be issued unless the Commission orders
a hearing. Interested persons may
request a hearing by writing to the
Commission’s Secretary and serving
applicants with a copy of the request,
personally or by mail. Hearing requests
should be received by the Commission
by 5:30 p.m. on May 5, 2017, and
should be accompanied by proof of
service on applicants, in the form of an
affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of
service. Pursuant to Rule 0–5 under the
Act, hearing requests should state the
nature of the writer’s interest, the reason
for the request, and the issues contested.
Persons who wish to be notified of a
hearing may request notification by
writing to the Commission’s Secretary.

Applicants’ Representations
1. NB Crossroads is a Delaware
limited liability corporation organized
as a closed-end management investment
company. NB Crossroads’s investment
objective is to provide attractive riskadjusted returns through diversified
portfolio of professionally managed
private equity funds and select direct
investments in portfolio companies. The
board of managers (‘‘Board’’) of NB
Crossroads has six members, each of
whom is not an ‘‘interested person’’ of
NB Crossroads within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(19) of the Act (each is an
‘‘Independent Manager’’).1
2. Excelsior Private Markets II is a
Delaware limited liability company
organized as a closed-end management
investment company. Excelsior Private
Markets II seeks to provide attractive
long-term returns to investors through
investments in a diversified portfolio of
professionally managed private equity
funds and select direct investments in
portfolio companies. The Board of
Excelsior Private Markets II has six
members, each of whom is an
Independent Manager.
3. Excelsior Private Markets III is a
Delaware limited liability company
organized as a closed-end management
investment company. Excelsior Private
Markets III seeks to provide attractive
long-term returns to investors through
investments in a diversified portfolio of
professionally managed private equity
funds and select direct investments in
portfolio companies. The Board of
Excelsior Private Markets III has six
members, each of whom is an
Independent Manager.
4. UST Global is a Delaware limited
liability company organized as a closedend management v company. UST
Global seeks long-term capital
appreciation by investing in a

Secretary, U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, 100 F St.
NE., Washington, DC 20549–1090.

1 The term ‘‘Independent Manager’’ refers to the
independent managers, directors or trustees of any
Regulated Entity (defined below).

The application was filed
on September 17, 2015, and amended
on February 4, 2016; September 20,
2016; February 27, 2017; and March 28,
2017.

FILING DATES:

HEARING OR NOTIFICATION OF HEARING:

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

Applicants: 1290 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, NY 10104.

ADDRESSES:

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

PO 00000

Frm 00058

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

diversified group of private equity funds
formed by a fund sponsor or sponsors
experienced in making private equity
investments. The Board of UST Global
has six members, each of whom is an
Independent Manager.
5. Excelsior Venture III is a Delaware
limited liability company organized as a
closed-end management v company.
Excelsior Venture III seeks long-term
capital appreciation primarily by
investing in private domestic venture
capital companies and other private
companies, and, to a lesser extent,
domestic and international private
funds, negotiated private investments in
public companies and international
direct investments. The Board of
Excelsior Venture III has three members,
each of whom is an Independent
Manager.
6. NBIA is a Delaware limited liability
company that is registered as an
investment adviser with the
Commission under the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940 (the ‘‘Advisers
Act’’). NBIA serves as the investment
adviser to each Existing Regulated
Entity. NBIA is an indirect, whollyowned subsidiary of Neuberger Berman
Group LLC (‘‘Neuberger Berman’’).
7. NBAA is a Delaware limited
liability company that is registered as an
investment adviser with the
Commission under the Advisers Act.
NBAA serves as the investment adviser
to certain Existing Affiliated Funds and
as the sub-adviser to each Existing
Regulated Entity. NBAA is an indirect,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Neuberger
Berman.
8. The Existing Affiliated Funds
pursue strategies focused on investing
in a portfolio of professionally managed
private equity funds and select direct
investments in portfolio companies.
Each Existing Affiliated Fund is advised
by an Existing NB Adviser 2 and would
be an investment company but for
section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act.
9. Applicants seek an order (‘‘Order’’)
to permit a Regulated Entity 3 and one
or more other Regulated Entities and
one or more Affiliated Funds 4 to (a)
2 ‘‘Existing

NB Adviser’’ means NBIA or NBAA.
Entity’’ refers to any Existing
Regulated Entity and any Future Regulated Entity.
‘‘Future Regulated Entity’’ means any closed-end
management investment company formed in the
future that is registered under the Act and is
advised by a Regulated Entity Adviser and subadvised by NBAA. ‘‘Regulated Entity Adviser’’
means (a) NBIA and (b) any future investment
adviser that controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with NBIA and is registered as an
investment adviser under the Advisers Act.
4 ‘‘Affiliated Fund’’ means any Existing Affiliated
Fund or any Future Affiliated Fund. ‘‘Future
Affiliated Fund’’ means any investment fund that
would be an ‘‘investment company’’ but for section
3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act, is formed in the future,
3 ‘‘Regulated

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1

Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

participate in the same investment
opportunities through a proposed coinvestment program where such
participation would otherwise be
prohibited under section 17 of the Act;
and (b) make additional investments in
securities of such issuers (‘‘Follow-On
Investments’’), including through the
exercise of warrants, conversion
privileges, and other rights to purchase
securities of the issuers. ‘‘Co-Investment
Transaction’’ means any transaction in
which a Regulated Entity (or its WhollyOwned Investment Subsidiary, as
defined below) participated together
with one or more other Regulated
Entities and/or Affiliated Funds in
reliance on the requested Order.
‘‘Potential Co-Investment Transaction’’
means any investment opportunity in
which a Regulated Entity (or its WhollyOwned Investment Subsidiaries) could
not participate together with one or
more other Regulated Entities and/or
one or more Affiliated Funds without
obtaining and relying on the Order.5
10. Applicants state that a Regulated
Entity may, from time to time, form one
or more Wholly-Owned Investment
Subsidiaries.6 Such a subsidiary would
be prohibited from investing in a CoInvestment Transaction with any other
Regulated Entity or Affiliated Fund
because it would be a company
controlled by its parent Regulated Entity
for purposes of rule 17d-1. Applicants
request that each Wholly-Owned
Investment Subsidiary be permitted to
participate in Co-Investment
Transactions in lieu of its parent
Regulated Entity and that the WhollyOwned Investment Subsidiary’s
participation in any such transaction be
treated, for purposes of the Order, as
though the parent Regulated Entity were
and is advised by an Adviser. The term ‘‘Adviser’’
means any Existing NB Adviser or any Regulated
Entity Adviser. No Affiliated Fund is or will be a
subsidiary of a Regulated Entity.
5 All existing entities that currently intend to rely
upon the requested Order have been named as
applicants. Any other existing or future entity that
subsequently relies on the Order will comply with
the terms and conditions of the application.
6 The term ‘‘Wholly-Owned Investment
Subsidiary’’ means an entity: (a) That is whollyowned by a Regulated Entity (with such Regulated
Entity at all times holding, beneficially and of
record, 100% of the voting and economic interests);
(b) whose sole business purpose is to hold one or
more investments on behalf of such Regulated
Entity; (c) with respect to which the board of
directors of such Regulated Entity has the sole
authority to make all determinations with respect
to the entity’s participation under the conditions of
the application; and (d) that would be an
investment company but for section 3(c)(1) or
3(c)(7) of the Act. All subsidiaries participating in
Co-Investment Transactions will be Wholly-Owned
Investment Subsidiaries and will have Objectives
and Strategies (as defined below) that are either the
same as, or a subset of, their parent Regulated
Entity’s Objectives and Strategies.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

participating directly. Applicants
represent that this treatment is justified
because a Wholly-Owned Investment
Subsidiary would have no purpose
other than serving as a holding vehicle
for the Regulated Entity’s investments
and, therefore, no conflicts of interest
could arise between the Regulated
Entity and the Wholly-Owned
Investment Subsidiary. The Regulated
Entity’s Board would make all relevant
determinations under the conditions
with regard to a Wholly-Owned
Investment Subsidiary’s participation in
a Co-Investment Transaction, and the
Regulated Entity’s Board would be
informed of, and take into
consideration, any proposed use of a
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary
in the Regulated Entity’s place. If the
Regulated Entity proposes to participate
in the same Co-Investment Transaction
with any of its Wholly-Owned
Investment Subsidiaries, the Board will
also be informed of, and take into
consideration, the relative participation
of the Regulated Entity and the WhollyOwned Investment Subsidiary.
11. When considering Potential CoInvestment Transactions for any
Regulated Entity, the relevant Adviser
will consider only the Objectives and
Strategies,7 investment policies,
investment positions, capital available
for investment, and other pertinent
factors applicable to that Regulated
Entity. The Advisers expect that any
portfolio company that is an appropriate
investment for a Regulated Entity
should also be an appropriate
investment for one or more other
Regulated Entities and/or one or more
Affiliated Funds, with certain
exceptions based on available capital or
diversification.8
12. Other than pro rata dispositions
and Follow-On Investments as provided
in conditions 7 and 8, and after making
the determinations required in
conditions 1 and 2(a), the applicable
Adviser will present each Potential CoInvestment Transaction and the
proposed allocation to the directors of
the Board eligible to vote on that CoInvestment Transaction (the ‘‘Eligible
Directors’’) 9 and the majority of such
7 The term ‘‘Objectives and Strategies’’ means a
Regulated Entity’s investment objectives and
strategies as described in the Regulated Entity’s
registration statement on Form N–2, other filings
the Regulated Entity has made with the
Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 (the
‘‘Securities Act’’) or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and the Regulated Entity’s reports to
shareholders.
8 The Regulated Entities, however, will not be
obligated to invest, or co-invest, when investment
opportunities are referred to them.
9 Eligible Directors may not have a financial
interest in such transaction, plan, or arrangement.

PO 00000

Frm 00059

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

18025

managers of the Board who are
Independent Managers (a ‘‘Required
Majority’’) will approve each CoInvestment Transaction prior to any
investment by the participating
Regulated Entity.
13. With respect to the pro rata
dispositions and Follow-On Investments
provided in conditions 7 and 8, a
Regulated Entity may participate in a
pro rata disposition or Follow-On
Investment without obtaining prior
approval of the Required Majority if,
among other things: (i) The proposed
participation of each Regulated Entity
and each Affiliated Fund in such
disposition is proportionate to its
outstanding investments in the issuer
immediately preceding the disposition
or Follow-On Investment, as the case
may be; and (ii) the Board of the
Regulated Entity has approved that
Regulated Entity’s participation in pro
rata dispositions and Follow-On
Investments as being in the best
interests of the Regulated Entity. If the
Board does not so approve, any such
disposition or Follow-On Investment
will be submitted to the Regulated
Entity’s Eligible Directors. The Board of
any Regulated Entity may at any time
rescind, suspend or qualify its approval
of pro rata dispositions and Follow-On
Investments with the result that all
dispositions and/or Follow-On
Investments must be submitted to the
Eligible Directors.
14. No Independent Manager of a
Regulated Entity will have a direct or
indirect financial interest in any CoInvestment Transaction (other than
indirectly through share ownership in
one of the Regulated Entities), including
any interest in any company whose
securities would be acquired in a CoInvestment Transaction.
15. Under condition 15, if an Adviser,
its principals, or any person controlling,
controlled by, or under common control
with the Adviser or its principals, and
the Affiliated Funds (collectively, the
‘‘Holders’’) own in the aggregate more
than 25 percent of the outstanding
voting shares of a Regulated Entity (the
‘‘Shares’’), then the Holders will vote
such Shares as directed by an
independent third party when voting on
matters specified in the condition.
Applicants believe that this condition
will ensure that the Independent
Managers will act independently in
evaluating the co-investment program,
because the ability of an Adviser or its
principals to influence the Independent
Managers by a suggestion, explicit or
implied, that the Independent Managers
can be removed will be limited
significantly. Applicants represent that
the Independent Managers will evaluate

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1

18026

Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices

and approve any such independent
third party, taking into account its
qualifications, reputation for
independence, cost to the Regulated
Entity’s shareholders, and other factors
that they deem relevant.

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

Applicants’ Legal Analysis
1. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule
17d–1 under the Act prohibit affiliated
persons of a registered investment
company from participating in joint
transactions with the company unless
the Commission has granted an order
permitting such transactions. In passing
upon applications under rule 17d–1, the
Commission considers whether the
company’s participation in the joint
transaction is consistent with the
provisions, policies, and purposes of the
Act and the extent to which such
participation is on a basis different from
or less advantageous than that of other
participants.
3. Applicants state that in the absence
of the requested relief, the Regulated
Entities may be, in some circumstances,
limited in their ability to participate in
attractive and appropriate investment
opportunities. Applicants believe that
the proposed terms and conditions will
ensure that the Co-Investment
Transactions are consistent with the
protection of each Regulated Entity’s
shareholders and with the purposes
intended by the policies and provisions
of the Act. Applicants state that the
Regulated Entities’ participation in the
Co-Investment Transactions will be
consistent with the provisions, policies,
and purposes of the Act and on a basis
that is not different from or less
advantageous than that of other
participants.
Applicants’ Conditions
Applicants agree that the Order will
be subject to the following conditions:
1. Each time an Adviser considers a
Potential Co-Investment Transaction for
another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated
Fund that falls within a Regulated
Entity’s then-current Objectives and
Strategies, the Regulated Entity’s
Adviser will make an independent
determination of the appropriateness of
the investment for the Regulated Entity
in light of the Regulated Entity’s thencurrent circumstances.
2. (a) If the Adviser deems a Regulated
Entity’s participation in any Potential
Co-Investment Transaction to be
appropriate for the Regulated Entity, the
Adviser will then determine an
appropriate level of investment for the
Regulated Entity.
(b) If the aggregate amount
recommended by the applicable Adviser
to be invested by the applicable

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

Regulated Entity in the Potential CoInvestment Transaction together with
the amount proposed to be invested by
the other participating Regulated
Entities and Affiliated Funds,
collectively, in the same transaction,
exceeds the amount of the investment
opportunity, the investment opportunity
will be allocated among them pro rata
based on each participant’s capital
available for investment in the asset
class being allocated, up to the amount
proposed to be invested by each. The
applicable Adviser will provide the
Eligible Directors of each participating
Regulated Entity with information
concerning each participating party’s
available capital to assist the Eligible
Directors with their review of the
Regulated Entity’s investments for
compliance with these allocation
procedures.
(c) After making the determinations
required in conditions 1 and 2(a), the
applicable Adviser will distribute
written information concerning the
Potential Co-Investment Transaction
(including the amount proposed to be
invested by each Regulated Entity and
each Affiliated Fund) to the Eligible
Directors of each participating
Regulated Entity for their consideration.
A Regulated Entity will co-invest with
another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated
Fund only if, prior to the Regulated
Entity’s participation in the Potential
Co-Investment Transaction, a Required
Majority concludes that:
(i) The terms of the Potential CoInvestment Transaction, including the
consideration to be paid, are reasonable
and fair to the Regulated Entity and its
investors and do not involve
overreaching in respect of the Regulated
Entity or its investors on the part of any
person concerned;
(ii) the Potential Co-Investment
Transaction is consistent with:
(A) The interests of the Regulated
Entity’s investors; and
(B) the Regulated Entity’s then-current
Objectives and Strategies;
(iii) the investment by any other
Regulated Entities or any Affiliated
Funds would not disadvantage the
Regulated Entity, and participation by
the Regulated Entity would not be on a
basis different from or less advantageous
than that of any other Regulated Entities
or any Affiliated Funds; provided that,
if any other Regulated Entity or any
Affiliated Fund, but not the Regulated
Entity itself, gains the right to nominate
a director for election to a portfolio
company’s board of directors or the
right to have a board observer or any
similar right to participate in the
governance or management of the
portfolio company, such event shall not

PO 00000

Frm 00060

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

be interpreted to prohibit the Required
Majority from reaching the conclusions
required by this condition (2)(c)(iii), if:
(A) The Eligible Directors will have
the right to ratify the selection of such
director or board observer, if any; and
(B) the applicable Adviser agrees to,
and does, provide periodic reports to
the Board of the Regulated Entity with
respect to the actions of such director or
the information received by such board
observer or obtained through the
exercise of any similar right to
participate in the governance or
management of the portfolio company;
and
(C) any fees or other compensation
that any Regulated Entity or any
Affiliated Fund or any affiliated person
of any Regulated Entity or any Affiliated
Fund receives in connection with the
right of a Regulated Entity or an
Affiliated Fund to nominate a director
or appoint a board observer or otherwise
to participate in the governance or
management of the portfolio company
will be shared proportionately among
the participating Affiliated Funds (who
may each, in turn, share its portion with
its affiliated persons) and the
participating Regulated Entities in
accordance with the amount of each
party’s investment; and
(iv) the proposed investment by the
Regulated Entity will not benefit any
Adviser, the other Regulated Entities,
the Affiliated Funds or any affiliated
person of any of them (other than the
parties to the Co-Investment
Transaction), except (A) to the extent
permitted by condition 13, (B) to the
extent permitted by section 17(e) of the
Act, as applicable, (C) indirectly, as a
result of an interest in the securities
issued by one of the parties to the CoInvestment Transaction, or (D) in the
case of fees or other compensation
described in condition 2(c)(iii)(C).
3. Each Regulated Entity has the right
to decline to participate in any Potential
Co-Investment Transaction or to invest
less than the amount proposed.
4. The applicable Adviser will present
to the Board of each Regulated Entity,
on a quarterly basis, a record of all
investments in Potential Co-Investment
Transactions made by any of the other
Regulated Entities or Affiliated Funds
during the preceding quarter that fell
within the Regulated Entity’s thencurrent Objectives and Strategies that
were not made available to the
Regulated Entity, and an explanation of
why the investment opportunities were
not offered to the Regulated Entity. All
information presented to the Board
pursuant to this condition will be kept
for the life of the Regulated Entity and
at least two years thereafter, and will be

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices
subject to examination by the
Commission and its staff.
5. Except for Follow-On Investments
made in accordance with condition 8,10
a Regulated Entity will not invest in
reliance on the Order in any issuer in
which another Regulated Entity,
Affiliated Fund, or any affiliated person
of another Regulated Entity or Affiliated
Fund is an existing investor.
6. A Regulated Entity will not
participate in any Potential CoInvestment Transaction unless the
terms, conditions, price, class of
securities to be purchased, settlement
date, and registration rights will be the
same for each participating Regulated
Entity and Affiliated Fund. The grant to
another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated
Fund, but not the Regulated Entity, of
the right to nominate a director for
election to a portfolio company’s board
of directors, the right to have an
observer on the board of directors or
similar rights to participate in the
governance or management of the
portfolio company will not be
interpreted so as to violate this
condition 6, if conditions 2(c)(iii)(A), (B)
and (C) are met.
7. (a) If any Regulated Entity or an
Affiliated Fund elects to sell, exchange
or otherwise dispose of an interest in a
security that was acquired in a CoInvestment Transaction, the applicable
Adviser will:
(i) Notify each Regulated Entity that
participated in the Co-Investment
Transaction of the proposed disposition
at the earliest practical time; and
(ii) formulate a recommendation as to
participation by each Regulated Entity
in the disposition.
(b) Each Regulated Entity will have
the right to participate in such
disposition on a proportionate basis, at
the same price and on the same terms
and conditions as those applicable to
the participating Regulated Entities and
Affiliated Funds.
(c) A Regulated Entity may participate
in such disposition without obtaining
prior approval of the Required Majority
if: (i) The proposed participation of each
Regulated Entity and each Affiliated
Fund in such disposition is
proportionate to its outstanding
investments in the issuer immediately
preceding the disposition; (ii) the Board
of the Regulated Entity has approved as
being in the best interests of the
Regulated Entity the ability to
participate in such dispositions on a pro
rata basis (as described in greater detail
10 This exception applies only to Follow-On
Investments by a Regulated Entity in issuers in
which that Regulated Entity already holds
investments.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

in the application); and (iii) the Board
of the Regulated Entity is provided on
a quarterly basis with a list of all
dispositions made in accordance with
this condition. In all other cases, the
Adviser will provide its written
recommendation as to the Regulated
Entity’s participation to the Regulated
Entity’s Eligible Directors, and the
Regulated Entity will participate in such
disposition solely to the extent that a
Required Majority determines that it is
in the Regulated Entity’s best interests.
(d) Each Regulated Entity and each
Affiliated Fund will bear its own
expenses in connection with any such
disposition.
8. (a) If a Regulated Entity or an
Affiliated Fund desires to make a
Follow-On Investment in a portfolio
company whose securities were
acquired in a Co-Investment
Transaction, the applicable Adviser
will:
(i) Notify each Regulated Entity that
participated in the Co-Investment
Transaction of the proposed transaction
at the earliest practical time; and
(ii) formulate a recommendation as to
the proposed participation, including
the amount of the proposed Follow-On
Investment, by each Regulated Entity.
(b) A Regulated Entity may participate
in such Follow-On Investment without
obtaining prior approval of the Required
Majority if: (i) The proposed
participation of each Regulated Entity
and each Affiliated Fund in such
investment is proportionate to its
outstanding investments in the issuer
immediately preceding the Follow-On
Investment; and (ii) the Board of the
Regulated Entity has approved as being
in the best interests of the Regulated
Entity the ability to participate in
Follow-On Investments on a pro rata
basis (as described in greater detail in
the application). In all other cases, the
Adviser will provide its written
recommendation as to the Regulated
Entity’s participation to the Eligible
Directors, and the Regulated Entity will
participate in such Follow-On
Investment solely to the extent that a
Required Majority determines that it is
in the Regulated Entity’s best interests.
(c) If, with respect to any Follow-On
Investment:
(i) The amount of a Follow-On
Investment is not based on the
Regulated Entities’ and the Affiliated
Funds’ outstanding investments
immediately preceding the Follow-On
Investment; and
(ii) the aggregate amount
recommended by the Adviser to be
invested by each Regulated Entity in the
Follow-On Investment, together with
the amount proposed to be invested by

PO 00000

Frm 00061

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

18027

the participating Affiliated Funds in the
same transaction, exceeds the amount of
the opportunity; then the amount
invested by each such party will be
allocated among them pro rata based on
each party’s capital available for
investment in the asset class being
allocated, up to the amount proposed to
be invested by each.
(d) The acquisition of Follow-On
Investments as permitted by this
condition will be considered a CoInvestment Transaction for all purposes
and subject to the other conditions set
forth in the application.
9. The Independent Managers of each
Regulated Entity will be provided
quarterly for review all information
concerning Potential Co-Investment
Transactions and Co-Investment
Transactions, including investments
made by other Regulated Entities and
the Affiliated Funds that the Regulated
Entity considered but declined to
participate in, so that the Independent
Managers may determine whether all
investments made during the preceding
quarter, including those investments
which the Regulated Entity considered
but declined to participate in, comply
with the conditions of the Order. In
addition, the Independent Managers
will consider at least annually the
continued appropriateness for the
Regulated Entity of participating in new
and existing Co-Investment
Transactions.
10. Each Regulated Entity will
maintain the records required by section
57(f)(3) of the Act as if each of the
Regulated Entities were a business
development company (as defined in
section 2(a)(48) of the Act) and each of
the investments permitted under these
conditions were approved by the
Required Majority under section 57(f) of
the Act.
11. No Independent Manager of a
Regulated Entity will also be a director,
general partner, managing member or
principal, or otherwise an ‘‘affiliated
person’’ (as defined in the Act) of an
Affiliated Fund.
12. The expenses, if any, associated
with acquiring, holding or disposing of
any securities acquired in a CoInvestment Transaction (including,
without limitation, the expenses of the
distribution of any such securities
registered for sale under the Securities
Act) will, to the extent not payable by
an Adviser under the investment
advisory agreements with the Regulated
Entities and the Affiliated Funds, be
shared by the Affiliated Funds and the
Regulated Entities in proportion to the
relative amounts of the securities held
or to be acquired or disposed of, as the
case may be.

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

18028

Federal Register / Vol. 82, No. 71 / Friday, April 14, 2017 / Notices

13. Any transaction fee 11 (including
break-up or commitment fees but
excluding broker’s fees contemplated by
section 17(e) of the Act, as applicable),
received in connection with a CoInvestment Transaction will be
distributed to the participating
Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds
on a pro rata basis based on the amounts
they invested or committed, as the case
may be, in such Co-Investment
Transaction. If any transaction fee is to
be held by the Adviser pending
consummation of the transaction, the
fee will be deposited into an account
maintained by the Adviser at a bank or
banks having the qualifications
prescribed in section 26(a)(1) of the Act,
and the account will earn a competitive
rate of interest that will also be divided
pro rata among the participating
Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds
based on the amounts they invest in
such Co-Investment Transaction. None
of the Affiliated Funds, the Advisers,
the other Regulated Entities or any
affiliated person of the Regulated
Entities or Affiliated Funds will receive
additional compensation or
remuneration of any kind as a result of
or in connection with a Co-Investment
Transaction (other than (a) in the case
of the Regulated Entities and the
Affiliated Funds, the pro rata
transaction fees described above and
fees or other compensation described in
condition 2(c)(iii)(C); and (b) in the case
of the Advisers, investment advisory
fees paid in accordance with the
agreements between the Advisers and
the Regulated Entities or the Affiliated
Funds).
14. The Advisers will each maintain
policies and procedures reasonably
designed to ensure compliance with the
foregoing conditions. These policies and
procedures will require, among other
things, that the applicable Regulated
Entity Adviser will be notified of all
Potential Co-Investment Transactions
that fall within a Regulated Entity’s
then-current Objectives and Strategies
and will be given sufficient information
to make its independent determination
and recommendations under conditions
1, 2(a), 7 and 8.
15. If the Holders own in the aggregate
more than 25 percent of the Shares of
a Regulated Entity, then the Holders
will vote such Shares as directed by an
independent third party when voting on
(1) the election of directors; (2) the
removal of one or more directors; or (3)
all other matters under either the Act or
11 Applicants are not requesting and the staff is
not providing any relief for transaction fees
received in connection with any Co-Investment
Transaction.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

16:21 Apr 13, 2017

Jkt 241001

applicable State law affecting the
Board’s composition, size or manner of
election.
16. Each Regulated Entity’s chief
compliance officer, as defined in Rule
38a–1(a)(4) under the 1940 Act, will
prepare an annual report for its Board
each year that evaluates (and documents
the basis of that evaluation) the
Regulated Entity’s compliance with the
terms and conditions of the application
and the procedures established to
achieve such compliance.
For the Commission, by the Division of
Investment Management, under delegated
authority.
Eduardo A. Aleman,
Assistant Secretary.
[FR Doc. 2017–07539 Filed 4–13–17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011–01–P

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
[Release No. 34–80416; File No. SR–MIAX–
2017–15]

Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami
International Securities Exchange,
LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate
Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule
Change To Amend Its Fee Schedule
April 10, 2017.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section
19(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (‘‘Act’’) 1 and Rule 19b–4
thereunder,2 notice is hereby given that
on April 6, 2017, Miami International
Securities Exchange LLC (‘‘MIAX
Options’’ or ‘‘Exchange’’) filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission
(‘‘Commission’’) a proposed rule change
as described in Items I, II, and III below,
which Items have been substantially
prepared by the Exchange. The
Commission is publishing this notice to
solicit comments on the proposed rule
change from interested persons.
I. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Terms of Substance of
the Proposed Rule Change
The Exchange is filing a proposal to
amend the MIAX Options Fee Schedule
(the ‘‘Fee Schedule’’).
The Exchange initially filed the
proposal on March 29, 2017 (SR–MIAX–
2017–14). That filing was withdrawn
and replaced with the current filing
(SR–MIAX–2017–15).
The text of the proposed rule change
is available on the Exchange’s Web site
at http://www.miaxoptions.com/rulefilings, at MIAX’s principal office, and
1 15
2 17

PO 00000

U.S.C. 78s(b)(1).
CFR 240.19b–4.

Frm 00062

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

at the Commission’s Public Reference
Room.
II. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Purpose of, and
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule
Change
In its filing with the Commission, the
Exchange included statements
concerning the purpose of and basis for
the proposed rule change and discussed
any comments it received on the
proposed rule change. The text of these
statements may be examined at the
places specified in Item IV below. The
Exchange has prepared summaries, set
forth in sections A, B, and C below, of
the most significant aspects of such
statements.
A. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Purpose of, and the
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule
Change
1. Purpose
The Exchange proposes to amend its
Fee Schedule to permit Exchange
Market Makers 3 to appoint Electronic
Exchange Members 4 (‘‘EEMs’’), and vice
versa, as ‘‘Affiliates,’’ solely for
purposes of calculating transaction
volume in order to qualify for certain
transaction rebates and fee incentives
under the Fee Schedule. The Exchange
notes that this concept of appointment
between market makers and order flow
providers currently exists at a number of
other exchanges, including Bats BZX
Exchange, Inc. (‘‘BATS’’), Bats EDGX
Exchange, Inc. (‘‘EDGX’’), Chicago
Board Options Exchange, Incorporated
(‘‘CBOE’’), NYSE Amex Options LLC
(‘‘Amex Options’’), and NASDAQ PHLX
LLC (‘‘PHLX’’), as more fully discussed
below.
In order for the Exchange to
implement this concept of appointment,
the Exchange proposes to amend the
definition of ‘‘Affiliate’’ contained in
Section (1)(a)(i), footnote 1, of the Fee
Schedule. Footnote 1 currently reads:
‘‘For purposes of the MIAX Options Fee
Schedule, the term ‘‘Affiliate’’ means an
affiliate of a Member of at least 75% common
ownership between the firms as reflected on
each firm’s Form BD, Schedule A
(‘‘Affiliate’’).’’
3 The term ‘‘Market Makers’’ refers to Lead Market
Makers (‘‘LMMs’’), Primary Lead Market Makers
(‘‘PLMMs’’), and Registered Market Makers
(‘‘RMMs’’) collectively. See Exchange Rule 100. A
Directed Order Lead Market Maker (‘‘DLMM’’) and
Directed Primary Lead Market Maker (‘‘DPLMM’’) is
a party to a transaction being allocated to the LMM
or PLMM and is the result of an order that has been
directed to the LMM or PLMM. See Footnote 2 to
the Fee Schedule.
4 The term ‘‘EEM’’ refers to the holder of a
Trading Permit who is not a Market Maker. See
Exchange Rule 100.

E:\FR\FM\14APN1.SGM

14APN1


Agencies

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
[Federal Register Volume 82, Number 71 (Friday, April 14, 2017)]
[Notices]
[Pages 18023-18028]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2017-07539]


=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

[Release No. IC-32597; File No. 812-14548-05]


Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al.

April 10, 2017.
AGENCY:  Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'').

ACTION:  Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

    Notice of application for an order under section 17(d) of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the ``Act'') and rule 17d-1 under the 
Act to permit certain joint transactions otherwise prohibited by 
section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act.

Summary of Application: Applicants request an order to permit certain 
closed-end management investment companies to co-invest in portfolio 
companies with each other and with affiliated investment funds.

Applicants: Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC 
(``Excelsior Private Markets II''); Excelsior Private Markets Fund III 
(Master), LLC (``Excelsior Private Markets III''); NB Crossroads 
Private Markets Fund IV Holdings LLC (``NB Crossroads''); UST Global 
Private Markets Fund, LLC (``UST Global''); Excelsior Venture

[[Page 18024]]

Partners III, LLC (``Excelsior Venture III'' and, collectively with 
Excelsior Private Markets II, Excelsior Private Markets III, NB 
Crossroads and UST Global, the ``Existing Regulated Entities''); 
Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC (``NBIA''); NB Alternatives 
Advisers LLC (``NBAA''); NB ASGA Fund Holdings LP, NB Canafund Private 
Debt LP, NB Caspian Holdings LP, NB CPEG Fund Holdings LP, NB 
Crossroads XXI--LC Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI--MC Holdings LP, NB 
Crossroads XXI--SS Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI--VC Holdings LP, NB 
Crystal PE Holdings LP, NB Flamingo Private Debt LP, NB Granite Private 
Debt LP, NB--Iowa's Private Universities LP, NB LAOF--Holdings LP, NB 
PEP Holdings Limited, NB Pine Private Debt LP, NB Private Debt Fund LP, 
NB Private Debt II Holdings LP, NB Private Equity Credit Opportunities 
Holdings LP, NB Renaissance Partners Holdings S.a.r.l., NB RP Co-
Investment & Secondary Fund LLC, NB RPPE Partners LP, NB SBS US 1 Fund 
LP, NB SOF 2016-A Master LP, NB SOF III Holdings LP, NB SOF IV Holdings 
LP, NB SOF IV Cayman Holdings LP, NB-Sompo RA Holdings LP, NB Sonoran 
Fund Limited Partnership, NB Strategic Co-Investment Partners III 
Holdings LP, NB Wildcats Fund LP, Columbia NB Crossroads Fund II LP, 
NorthBound Emerging Manager Fund II--A LP, NorthBound NCRS Fund LP, and 
NYSCRF NB Co-Investment Fund LLC (collectively, the ``Existing 
Affiliated Funds'').

Filing Dates: The application was filed on September 17, 2015, and 
amended on February 4, 2016; September 20, 2016; February 27, 2017; and 
March 28, 2017.

Hearing or Notification of Hearing: An order granting the requested 
relief will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. 
Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's 
Secretary and serving applicants with a copy of the request, personally 
or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 
5:30 p.m. on May 5, 2017, and should be accompanied by proof of service 
on applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a 
certificate of service. Pursuant to Rule 0-5 under the Act, hearing 
requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason 
for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be 
notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the 
Commission's Secretary.

ADDRESSES:  Secretary, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F 
St. NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants: 1290 Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10104.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:  James D. McGinnis, Senior Counsel, at 
(202) 551-3025 or Holly Hunter-Ceci, Acting Assistant Chief Counsel, at 
(202) 551-6825 (Chief Counsel's Office, Division of Investment 
Management).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:  The following is a summary of the 
application. The complete application may be obtained via the 
Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or for an 
applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.

Applicants' Representations

    1. NB Crossroads is a Delaware limited liability corporation 
organized as a closed-end management investment company. NB 
Crossroads's investment objective is to provide attractive risk-
adjusted returns through diversified portfolio of professionally 
managed private equity funds and select direct investments in portfolio 
companies. The board of managers (``Board'') of NB Crossroads has six 
members, each of whom is not an ``interested person'' of NB Crossroads 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act (each is an 
``Independent Manager'').\1\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \1\ The term ``Independent Manager'' refers to the independent 
managers, directors or trustees of any Regulated Entity (defined 
below).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    2. Excelsior Private Markets II is a Delaware limited liability 
company organized as a closed-end management investment company. 
Excelsior Private Markets II seeks to provide attractive long-term 
returns to investors through investments in a diversified portfolio of 
professionally managed private equity funds and select direct 
investments in portfolio companies. The Board of Excelsior Private 
Markets II has six members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
    3. Excelsior Private Markets III is a Delaware limited liability 
company organized as a closed-end management investment company. 
Excelsior Private Markets III seeks to provide attractive long-term 
returns to investors through investments in a diversified portfolio of 
professionally managed private equity funds and select direct 
investments in portfolio companies. The Board of Excelsior Private 
Markets III has six members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
    4. UST Global is a Delaware limited liability company organized as 
a closed-end management v company. UST Global seeks long-term capital 
appreciation by investing in a diversified group of private equity 
funds formed by a fund sponsor or sponsors experienced in making 
private equity investments. The Board of UST Global has six members, 
each of whom is an Independent Manager.
    5. Excelsior Venture III is a Delaware limited liability company 
organized as a closed-end management v company. Excelsior Venture III 
seeks long-term capital appreciation primarily by investing in private 
domestic venture capital companies and other private companies, and, to 
a lesser extent, domestic and international private funds, negotiated 
private investments in public companies and international direct 
investments. The Board of Excelsior Venture III has three members, each 
of whom is an Independent Manager.
    6. NBIA is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered 
as an investment adviser with the Commission under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the ``Advisers Act''). NBIA serves as the 
investment adviser to each Existing Regulated Entity. NBIA is an 
indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Neuberger Berman Group LLC 
(``Neuberger Berman'').
    7. NBAA is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered 
as an investment adviser with the Commission under the Advisers Act. 
NBAA serves as the investment adviser to certain Existing Affiliated 
Funds and as the sub-adviser to each Existing Regulated Entity. NBAA is 
an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Neuberger Berman.
    8. The Existing Affiliated Funds pursue strategies focused on 
investing in a portfolio of professionally managed private equity funds 
and select direct investments in portfolio companies. Each Existing 
Affiliated Fund is advised by an Existing NB Adviser \2\ and would be 
an investment company but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \2\ ``Existing NB Adviser'' means NBIA or NBAA.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    9. Applicants seek an order (``Order'') to permit a Regulated 
Entity \3\ and one or more other Regulated Entities and one or more 
Affiliated Funds \4\ to (a)

[[Page 18025]]

participate in the same investment opportunities through a proposed co-
investment program where such participation would otherwise be 
prohibited under section 17 of the Act; and (b) make additional 
investments in securities of such issuers (``Follow-On Investments''), 
including through the exercise of warrants, conversion privileges, and 
other rights to purchase securities of the issuers. ``Co-Investment 
Transaction'' means any transaction in which a Regulated Entity (or its 
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary, as defined below) participated 
together with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or Affiliated 
Funds in reliance on the requested Order. ``Potential Co-Investment 
Transaction'' means any investment opportunity in which a Regulated 
Entity (or its Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries) could not 
participate together with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or 
one or more Affiliated Funds without obtaining and relying on the 
Order.\5\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \3\ ``Regulated Entity'' refers to any Existing Regulated Entity 
and any Future Regulated Entity. ``Future Regulated Entity'' means 
any closed-end management investment company formed in the future 
that is registered under the Act and is advised by a Regulated 
Entity Adviser and sub-advised by NBAA. ``Regulated Entity Adviser'' 
means (a) NBIA and (b) any future investment adviser that controls, 
is controlled by, or is under common control with NBIA and is 
registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act.
    \4\ ``Affiliated Fund'' means any Existing Affiliated Fund or 
any Future Affiliated Fund. ``Future Affiliated Fund'' means any 
investment fund that would be an ``investment company'' but for 
section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act, is formed in the future, and 
is advised by an Adviser. The term ``Adviser'' means any Existing NB 
Adviser or any Regulated Entity Adviser. No Affiliated Fund is or 
will be a subsidiary of a Regulated Entity.
    \5\ All existing entities that currently intend to rely upon the 
requested Order have been named as applicants. Any other existing or 
future entity that subsequently relies on the Order will comply with 
the terms and conditions of the application.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    10. Applicants state that a Regulated Entity may, from time to 
time, form one or more Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries.\6\ Such a 
subsidiary would be prohibited from investing in a Co-Investment 
Transaction with any other Regulated Entity or Affiliated Fund because 
it would be a company controlled by its parent Regulated Entity for 
purposes of rule 17d-1. Applicants request that each Wholly-Owned 
Investment Subsidiary be permitted to participate in Co-Investment 
Transactions in lieu of its parent Regulated Entity and that the 
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary's participation in any such 
transaction be treated, for purposes of the Order, as though the parent 
Regulated Entity were participating directly. Applicants represent that 
this treatment is justified because a Wholly-Owned Investment 
Subsidiary would have no purpose other than serving as a holding 
vehicle for the Regulated Entity's investments and, therefore, no 
conflicts of interest could arise between the Regulated Entity and the 
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary. The Regulated Entity's Board would 
make all relevant determinations under the conditions with regard to a 
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary's participation in a Co-Investment 
Transaction, and the Regulated Entity's Board would be informed of, and 
take into consideration, any proposed use of a Wholly-Owned Investment 
Subsidiary in the Regulated Entity's place. If the Regulated Entity 
proposes to participate in the same Co-Investment Transaction with any 
of its Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries, the Board will also be 
informed of, and take into consideration, the relative participation of 
the Regulated Entity and the Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \6\ The term ``Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary'' means an 
entity: (a) That is wholly-owned by a Regulated Entity (with such 
Regulated Entity at all times holding, beneficially and of record, 
100% of the voting and economic interests); (b) whose sole business 
purpose is to hold one or more investments on behalf of such 
Regulated Entity; (c) with respect to which the board of directors 
of such Regulated Entity has the sole authority to make all 
determinations with respect to the entity's participation under the 
conditions of the application; and (d) that would be an investment 
company but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act. All 
subsidiaries participating in Co-Investment Transactions will be 
Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries and will have Objectives and 
Strategies (as defined below) that are either the same as, or a 
subset of, their parent Regulated Entity's Objectives and 
Strategies.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    11. When considering Potential Co-Investment Transactions for any 
Regulated Entity, the relevant Adviser will consider only the 
Objectives and Strategies,\7\ investment policies, investment 
positions, capital available for investment, and other pertinent 
factors applicable to that Regulated Entity. The Advisers expect that 
any portfolio company that is an appropriate investment for a Regulated 
Entity should also be an appropriate investment for one or more other 
Regulated Entities and/or one or more Affiliated Funds, with certain 
exceptions based on available capital or diversification.\8\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \7\ The term ``Objectives and Strategies'' means a Regulated 
Entity's investment objectives and strategies as described in the 
Regulated Entity's registration statement on Form N-2, other filings 
the Regulated Entity has made with the Commission under the 
Securities Act of 1933 (the ``Securities Act'') or the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, and the Regulated Entity's reports to 
shareholders.
    \8\ The Regulated Entities, however, will not be obligated to 
invest, or co-invest, when investment opportunities are referred to 
them.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    12. Other than pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments as 
provided in conditions 7 and 8, and after making the determinations 
required in conditions 1 and 2(a), the applicable Adviser will present 
each Potential Co-Investment Transaction and the proposed allocation to 
the directors of the Board eligible to vote on that Co-Investment 
Transaction (the ``Eligible Directors'') \9\ and the majority of such 
managers of the Board who are Independent Managers (a ``Required 
Majority'') will approve each Co-Investment Transaction prior to any 
investment by the participating Regulated Entity.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \9\ Eligible Directors may not have a financial interest in such 
transaction, plan, or arrangement.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    13. With respect to the pro rata dispositions and Follow-On 
Investments provided in conditions 7 and 8, a Regulated Entity may 
participate in a pro rata disposition or Follow-On Investment without 
obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if, among other 
things: (i) The proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and 
each Affiliated Fund in such disposition is proportionate to its 
outstanding investments in the issuer immediately preceding the 
disposition or Follow-On Investment, as the case may be; and (ii) the 
Board of the Regulated Entity has approved that Regulated Entity's 
participation in pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments as 
being in the best interests of the Regulated Entity. If the Board does 
not so approve, any such disposition or Follow-On Investment will be 
submitted to the Regulated Entity's Eligible Directors. The Board of 
any Regulated Entity may at any time rescind, suspend or qualify its 
approval of pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments with the 
result that all dispositions and/or Follow-On Investments must be 
submitted to the Eligible Directors.
    14. No Independent Manager of a Regulated Entity will have a direct 
or indirect financial interest in any Co-Investment Transaction (other 
than indirectly through share ownership in one of the Regulated 
Entities), including any interest in any company whose securities would 
be acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction.
    15. Under condition 15, if an Adviser, its principals, or any 
person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the 
Adviser or its principals, and the Affiliated Funds (collectively, the 
``Holders'') own in the aggregate more than 25 percent of the 
outstanding voting shares of a Regulated Entity (the ``Shares''), then 
the Holders will vote such Shares as directed by an independent third 
party when voting on matters specified in the condition. Applicants 
believe that this condition will ensure that the Independent Managers 
will act independently in evaluating the co-investment program, because 
the ability of an Adviser or its principals to influence the 
Independent Managers by a suggestion, explicit or implied, that the 
Independent Managers can be removed will be limited significantly. 
Applicants represent that the Independent Managers will evaluate

[[Page 18026]]

and approve any such independent third party, taking into account its 
qualifications, reputation for independence, cost to the Regulated 
Entity's shareholders, and other factors that they deem relevant.

Applicants' Legal Analysis

    1. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act prohibit 
affiliated persons of a registered investment company from 
participating in joint transactions with the company unless the 
Commission has granted an order permitting such transactions. In 
passing upon applications under rule 17d-1, the Commission considers 
whether the company's participation in the joint transaction is 
consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and 
the extent to which such participation is on a basis different from or 
less advantageous than that of other participants.
    3. Applicants state that in the absence of the requested relief, 
the Regulated Entities may be, in some circumstances, limited in their 
ability to participate in attractive and appropriate investment 
opportunities. Applicants believe that the proposed terms and 
conditions will ensure that the Co-Investment Transactions are 
consistent with the protection of each Regulated Entity's shareholders 
and with the purposes intended by the policies and provisions of the 
Act. Applicants state that the Regulated Entities' participation in the 
Co-Investment Transactions will be consistent with the provisions, 
policies, and purposes of the Act and on a basis that is not different 
from or less advantageous than that of other participants.

Applicants' Conditions

    Applicants agree that the Order will be subject to the following 
conditions:
    1. Each time an Adviser considers a Potential Co-Investment 
Transaction for another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund that 
falls within a Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and 
Strategies, the Regulated Entity's Adviser will make an independent 
determination of the appropriateness of the investment for the 
Regulated Entity in light of the Regulated Entity's then-current 
circumstances.
    2. (a) If the Adviser deems a Regulated Entity's participation in 
any Potential Co-Investment Transaction to be appropriate for the 
Regulated Entity, the Adviser will then determine an appropriate level 
of investment for the Regulated Entity.
    (b) If the aggregate amount recommended by the applicable Adviser 
to be invested by the applicable Regulated Entity in the Potential Co-
Investment Transaction together with the amount proposed to be invested 
by the other participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds, 
collectively, in the same transaction, exceeds the amount of the 
investment opportunity, the investment opportunity will be allocated 
among them pro rata based on each participant's capital available for 
investment in the asset class being allocated, up to the amount 
proposed to be invested by each. The applicable Adviser will provide 
the Eligible Directors of each participating Regulated Entity with 
information concerning each participating party's available capital to 
assist the Eligible Directors with their review of the Regulated 
Entity's investments for compliance with these allocation procedures.
    (c) After making the determinations required in conditions 1 and 
2(a), the applicable Adviser will distribute written information 
concerning the Potential Co-Investment Transaction (including the 
amount proposed to be invested by each Regulated Entity and each 
Affiliated Fund) to the Eligible Directors of each participating 
Regulated Entity for their consideration. A Regulated Entity will co-
invest with another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund only if, 
prior to the Regulated Entity's participation in the Potential Co-
Investment Transaction, a Required Majority concludes that:
    (i) The terms of the Potential Co-Investment Transaction, including 
the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Regulated 
Entity and its investors and do not involve overreaching in respect of 
the Regulated Entity or its investors on the part of any person 
concerned;
    (ii) the Potential Co-Investment Transaction is consistent with:
    (A) The interests of the Regulated Entity's investors; and
    (B) the Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies;
    (iii) the investment by any other Regulated Entities or any 
Affiliated Funds would not disadvantage the Regulated Entity, and 
participation by the Regulated Entity would not be on a basis different 
from or less advantageous than that of any other Regulated Entities or 
any Affiliated Funds; provided that, if any other Regulated Entity or 
any Affiliated Fund, but not the Regulated Entity itself, gains the 
right to nominate a director for election to a portfolio company's 
board of directors or the right to have a board observer or any similar 
right to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio 
company, such event shall not be interpreted to prohibit the Required 
Majority from reaching the conclusions required by this condition 
(2)(c)(iii), if:
    (A) The Eligible Directors will have the right to ratify the 
selection of such director or board observer, if any; and
    (B) the applicable Adviser agrees to, and does, provide periodic 
reports to the Board of the Regulated Entity with respect to the 
actions of such director or the information received by such board 
observer or obtained through the exercise of any similar right to 
participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company; 
and
    (C) any fees or other compensation that any Regulated Entity or any 
Affiliated Fund or any affiliated person of any Regulated Entity or any 
Affiliated Fund receives in connection with the right of a Regulated 
Entity or an Affiliated Fund to nominate a director or appoint a board 
observer or otherwise to participate in the governance or management of 
the portfolio company will be shared proportionately among the 
participating Affiliated Funds (who may each, in turn, share its 
portion with its affiliated persons) and the participating Regulated 
Entities in accordance with the amount of each party's investment; and
    (iv) the proposed investment by the Regulated Entity will not 
benefit any Adviser, the other Regulated Entities, the Affiliated Funds 
or any affiliated person of any of them (other than the parties to the 
Co-Investment Transaction), except (A) to the extent permitted by 
condition 13, (B) to the extent permitted by section 17(e) of the Act, 
as applicable, (C) indirectly, as a result of an interest in the 
securities issued by one of the parties to the Co-Investment 
Transaction, or (D) in the case of fees or other compensation described 
in condition 2(c)(iii)(C).
    3. Each Regulated Entity has the right to decline to participate in 
any Potential Co-Investment Transaction or to invest less than the 
amount proposed.
    4. The applicable Adviser will present to the Board of each 
Regulated Entity, on a quarterly basis, a record of all investments in 
Potential Co-Investment Transactions made by any of the other Regulated 
Entities or Affiliated Funds during the preceding quarter that fell 
within the Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies 
that were not made available to the Regulated Entity, and an 
explanation of why the investment opportunities were not offered to the 
Regulated Entity. All information presented to the Board pursuant to 
this condition will be kept for the life of the Regulated Entity and at 
least two years thereafter, and will be

[[Page 18027]]

subject to examination by the Commission and its staff.
    5. Except for Follow-On Investments made in accordance with 
condition 8,\10\ a Regulated Entity will not invest in reliance on the 
Order in any issuer in which another Regulated Entity, Affiliated Fund, 
or any affiliated person of another Regulated Entity or Affiliated Fund 
is an existing investor.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \10\ This exception applies only to Follow-On Investments by a 
Regulated Entity in issuers in which that Regulated Entity already 
holds investments.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    6. A Regulated Entity will not participate in any Potential Co-
Investment Transaction unless the terms, conditions, price, class of 
securities to be purchased, settlement date, and registration rights 
will be the same for each participating Regulated Entity and Affiliated 
Fund. The grant to another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund, but 
not the Regulated Entity, of the right to nominate a director for 
election to a portfolio company's board of directors, the right to have 
an observer on the board of directors or similar rights to participate 
in the governance or management of the portfolio company will not be 
interpreted so as to violate this condition 6, if conditions 
2(c)(iii)(A), (B) and (C) are met.
    7. (a) If any Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund elects to 
sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of an interest in a security that 
was acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the applicable Adviser 
will:
    (i) Notify each Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-
Investment Transaction of the proposed disposition at the earliest 
practical time; and
    (ii) formulate a recommendation as to participation by each 
Regulated Entity in the disposition.
    (b) Each Regulated Entity will have the right to participate in 
such disposition on a proportionate basis, at the same price and on the 
same terms and conditions as those applicable to the participating 
Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds.
    (c) A Regulated Entity may participate in such disposition without 
obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) The proposed 
participation of each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund in such 
disposition is proportionate to its outstanding investments in the 
issuer immediately preceding the disposition; (ii) the Board of the 
Regulated Entity has approved as being in the best interests of the 
Regulated Entity the ability to participate in such dispositions on a 
pro rata basis (as described in greater detail in the application); and 
(iii) the Board of the Regulated Entity is provided on a quarterly 
basis with a list of all dispositions made in accordance with this 
condition. In all other cases, the Adviser will provide its written 
recommendation as to the Regulated Entity's participation to the 
Regulated Entity's Eligible Directors, and the Regulated Entity will 
participate in such disposition solely to the extent that a Required 
Majority determines that it is in the Regulated Entity's best 
interests.
    (d) Each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund will bear its 
own expenses in connection with any such disposition.
    8. (a) If a Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund desires to make 
a Follow-On Investment in a portfolio company whose securities were 
acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the applicable Adviser will:
    (i) Notify each Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-
Investment Transaction of the proposed transaction at the earliest 
practical time; and
    (ii) formulate a recommendation as to the proposed participation, 
including the amount of the proposed Follow-On Investment, by each 
Regulated Entity.
    (b) A Regulated Entity may participate in such Follow-On Investment 
without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) The 
proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated 
Fund in such investment is proportionate to its outstanding investments 
in the issuer immediately preceding the Follow-On Investment; and (ii) 
the Board of the Regulated Entity has approved as being in the best 
interests of the Regulated Entity the ability to participate in Follow-
On Investments on a pro rata basis (as described in greater detail in 
the application). In all other cases, the Adviser will provide its 
written recommendation as to the Regulated Entity's participation to 
the Eligible Directors, and the Regulated Entity will participate in 
such Follow-On Investment solely to the extent that a Required Majority 
determines that it is in the Regulated Entity's best interests.
    (c) If, with respect to any Follow-On Investment:
    (i) The amount of a Follow-On Investment is not based on the 
Regulated Entities' and the Affiliated Funds' outstanding investments 
immediately preceding the Follow-On Investment; and
    (ii) the aggregate amount recommended by the Adviser to be invested 
by each Regulated Entity in the Follow-On Investment, together with the 
amount proposed to be invested by the participating Affiliated Funds in 
the same transaction, exceeds the amount of the opportunity; then the 
amount invested by each such party will be allocated among them pro 
rata based on each party's capital available for investment in the 
asset class being allocated, up to the amount proposed to be invested 
by each.
    (d) The acquisition of Follow-On Investments as permitted by this 
condition will be considered a Co-Investment Transaction for all 
purposes and subject to the other conditions set forth in the 
application.
    9. The Independent Managers of each Regulated Entity will be 
provided quarterly for review all information concerning Potential Co-
Investment Transactions and Co-Investment Transactions, including 
investments made by other Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds 
that the Regulated Entity considered but declined to participate in, so 
that the Independent Managers may determine whether all investments 
made during the preceding quarter, including those investments which 
the Regulated Entity considered but declined to participate in, comply 
with the conditions of the Order. In addition, the Independent Managers 
will consider at least annually the continued appropriateness for the 
Regulated Entity of participating in new and existing Co-Investment 
Transactions.
    10. Each Regulated Entity will maintain the records required by 
section 57(f)(3) of the Act as if each of the Regulated Entities were a 
business development company (as defined in section 2(a)(48) of the 
Act) and each of the investments permitted under these conditions were 
approved by the Required Majority under section 57(f) of the Act.
    11. No Independent Manager of a Regulated Entity will also be a 
director, general partner, managing member or principal, or otherwise 
an ``affiliated person'' (as defined in the Act) of an Affiliated Fund.
    12. The expenses, if any, associated with acquiring, holding or 
disposing of any securities acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction 
(including, without limitation, the expenses of the distribution of any 
such securities registered for sale under the Securities Act) will, to 
the extent not payable by an Adviser under the investment advisory 
agreements with the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds, be 
shared by the Affiliated Funds and the Regulated Entities in proportion 
to the relative amounts of the securities held or to be acquired or 
disposed of, as the case may be.

[[Page 18028]]

    13. Any transaction fee \11\ (including break-up or commitment fees 
but excluding broker's fees contemplated by section 17(e) of the Act, 
as applicable), received in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction 
will be distributed to the participating Regulated Entities and 
Affiliated Funds on a pro rata basis based on the amounts they invested 
or committed, as the case may be, in such Co-Investment Transaction. If 
any transaction fee is to be held by the Adviser pending consummation 
of the transaction, the fee will be deposited into an account 
maintained by the Adviser at a bank or banks having the qualifications 
prescribed in section 26(a)(1) of the Act, and the account will earn a 
competitive rate of interest that will also be divided pro rata among 
the participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds based on the 
amounts they invest in such Co-Investment Transaction. None of the 
Affiliated Funds, the Advisers, the other Regulated Entities or any 
affiliated person of the Regulated Entities or Affiliated Funds will 
receive additional compensation or remuneration of any kind as a result 
of or in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction (other than (a) in 
the case of the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds, the pro 
rata transaction fees described above and fees or other compensation 
described in condition 2(c)(iii)(C); and (b) in the case of the 
Advisers, investment advisory fees paid in accordance with the 
agreements between the Advisers and the Regulated Entities or the 
Affiliated Funds).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \11\ Applicants are not requesting and the staff is not 
providing any relief for transaction fees received in connection 
with any Co-Investment Transaction.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    14. The Advisers will each maintain policies and procedures 
reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the foregoing conditions. 
These policies and procedures will require, among other things, that 
the applicable Regulated Entity Adviser will be notified of all 
Potential Co-Investment Transactions that fall within a Regulated 
Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies and will be given 
sufficient information to make its independent determination and 
recommendations under conditions 1, 2(a), 7 and 8.
    15. If the Holders own in the aggregate more than 25 percent of the 
Shares of a Regulated Entity, then the Holders will vote such Shares as 
directed by an independent third party when voting on (1) the election 
of directors; (2) the removal of one or more directors; or (3) all 
other matters under either the Act or applicable State law affecting 
the Board's composition, size or manner of election.
    16. Each Regulated Entity's chief compliance officer, as defined in 
Rule 38a-1(a)(4) under the 1940 Act, will prepare an annual report for 
its Board each year that evaluates (and documents the basis of that 
evaluation) the Regulated Entity's compliance with the terms and 
conditions of the application and the procedures established to achieve 
such compliance.

    For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, 
under delegated authority.
Eduardo A. Aleman,
Assistant Secretary.
[FR Doc. 2017-07539 Filed 4-13-17; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 8011-01-P 










            Find a Lawyer
          












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing






Ask a Lawyer




Question: 

 Add details

					120
				



Additional Details:  



						1000 
					


 Ask Question 







			Subscribe to Justia's 
			
				Free Newsletters
			
			featuring summaries of federal and state 
			
				court opinions. 
		

			Subscribe Now
		









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions















Securities and Exchange Commission  – Federal Register Recent Federal Regulation Documents :: Justia Regulation Tracker









































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Search and Track the Federal Register

The Federal Register is a daily publication of proposed and final rules (administrative laws) adopted by federal executive departments and agencies. These rules are put forth to guide these departments and agencies on how to follow the statutes (laws) passed by the United States Congress.




Department/Agency:



      All Departments and Agencies
    

      Executive Office of the President
    

      Department of Agriculture
    

      Department of Commerce
    

      Department of Defense
    

      Department of Education
    

      Department of Energy
    

      Department of Health and Human Services
    

      Department of Homeland Security
    

      Department of Housing and Urban Development
    

      Department of Justice
    

      Department of Labor
    

      Department of State
    

      Department of Transportation
    

      Department of Treasury
    

      Department of Veterans Affairs
    

      Department of the Interior
    

      Environmental Protection Agency
    

      ---------------
    

      Department of Agriculture
    

      - Agricultural Marketing Service
    

      - Agricultural Research Service
    

      - Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
    

      - Commodity Credit Corporation
    

      - Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service
    

      - Economic Research Service
    

      - Energy Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - Energy Policy and New Uses Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - Farm Service Agency
    

      - Federal Crop Insurance Corporation
    

      - Food Safety and Inspection Service
    

      - Food and Nutrition Service
    

      - Foreign Agricultural Service
    

      - Forest Service
    

      - Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration
    

      - Inspector General Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - National Agricultural Library
    

      - National Agricultural Statistics Service
    

      - Natural Resources Conservation Service
    

      - Risk Management Agency
    

      - Rural Business-Cooperative Service
    

      - Rural Housing Service
    

      - Rural Telephone Bank
    

      - Rural Utilities Service
    

      Department of Commerce
    

      - Census Bureau
    

      - Economic Analysis Bureau
    

      - Economic Development Administration
    

      - Economics and Statistics Administration
    

      - Foreign-Trade Zones Board
    

      - Industry and Security Bureau
    

      - International Trade Administration
    

      - Minority Business Development Agency
    

      - National Institute of Standards and Technology
    

      - National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
    

      - National Technical Information Service
    

      - National Telecommunications and Information Administration
    

      - Patent and Trademark Office
    

      - Technology Administration
    

      Department of Defense
    

      - Air Force Department
    

      - Army Department
    

      -- Engineers Corps
    

      - Defense Acquisition Regulations System
    

      - Defense Contract Audit Agency
    

      - Defense Information Systems Agency
    

      - Defense Intelligence Agency
    

      - Defense Logistics Agency
    

      - National Security Agency/Central Security Service
    

      - Navy Department
    

      - Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences
    

      Department of Education
    

      Department of Energy
    

      - Bonneville Power Administration
    

      - Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Office
    

      - Energy Information Administration
    

      - Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
    

      - Hearings and Appeals Office, Energy Department
    

      - National Nuclear Security Administration
    

      - Southeastern Power Administration
    

      - Southwestern Power Administration
    

      - Western Area Power Administration
    

      Department of Health and Human Services
    

      - Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality
    

      - Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry
    

      - Aging Administration
    

      - Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
    

      - Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
    

      -- Inspector General Office, Health and Human Services Department
    

      - Children and Families Administration
    

      -- Refugee Resettlement Office
    

      - Food and Drug Administration
    

      - Health Resources and Services Administration
    

      - Indian Health Service
    

      - National Institutes of Health
    

      - Public Health Service
    

      - Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
    

      Department of Homeland Security
    

      - Coast Guard
    

      - Customs and Border Protection Bureau
    

      - Federal Emergency Management Agency
    

      - Federal Law Enforcement Training Center
    

      - Immigration and Customs Enforcement Bureau
    

      - National Communications System
    

      - Secret Service
    

      - Transportation Security Administration
    

      - U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
    

      Department of Housing and Urban Development
    

      - Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight Office
    

      Department of Justice
    

      - Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives Bureau
    

      - Antitrust Division
    

      - Drug Enforcement Administration
    

      - Executive Office for Immigration Review
    

      - Federal Bureau of Investigation
    

      - Foreign Claims Settlement Commission
    

      - Justice Programs Office
    

      - Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Office
    

      - National Institute of Corrections
    

      - Parole Commission
    

      - Prisons Bureau
    

      Department of Labor
    

      - Disability Employment Policy Office
    

      - Employee Benefits Security Administration
    

      - Employment Standards Administration
    

      -- Wage and Hour Division
    

      - Employment and Training Administration
    

      - Federal Contract Compliance Programs Office
    

      - Labor Statistics Bureau
    

      - Labor-Management Standards Office
    

      - Mine Safety and Health Administration
    

      - Occupational Safety and Health Administration
    

      - Veterans Employment and Training Service
    

      - Workers' Compensation Programs Office
    

      Department of State
    

      Department of Transportation
    

      - Federal Aviation Administration
    

      - Federal Highway Administration
    

      - Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration
    

      - Federal Railroad Administration
    

      - Federal Transit Administration
    

      - Maritime Administration
    

      - National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
    

      - Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration
    

      - Research and Innovative Technology Administration
    

      - Research and Special Programs Administration
    

      - Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation
    

      - Surface Transportation Board
    

      - Transportation Statistics Bureau
    

      Department of Treasury
    

      - Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
    

      - Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
    

      - Comptroller of the Currency
    

      - Engraving and Printing Bureau
    

      - Foreign Assets Control Office
    

      - Internal Revenue Service
    

      - Monetary Offices
    

      - Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
    

      - Public Debt Bureau
    

      -- Fiscal Service
    

      - Thrift Supervision Office
    

      - United States Mint
    

      Department of Veterans Affairs
    

      Department of the Interior
    

      - Fish and Wildlife Service
    

      - Geological Survey
    

      - Indian Affairs Bureau
    

      - Indian Arts and Crafts Board
    

      - Land Management Bureau
    

      - Minerals Management Service
    

      - National Indian Gaming Commission
    

      - National Park Service
    

      - Reclamation Bureau
    

      - Special Trustee for American Indians Office
    

      - Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement Office
    

      Environmental Protection Agency
    

      Executive Office of the President
    

      - Central Intelligence Agency
    

      - Council on Environmental Quality
    

      - Management and Budget Office
    

      -- Federal Procurement Policy Office
    

      - National Drug Control Policy Office
    

      - Presidential Documents
    

      - Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board
    

      - Science and Technology Policy Office
    

      - Trade Representative, Office of United States
    

      Agencies and Comissions
    

      - African Development Foundation
    

      - Agency for International Development
    

      - Air Transportation Stabilization Board
    

      - American Battle Monuments Commission
    

      - Antitrust Modernization Commission
    

      - Appalachian States Low-Level Radioactive Waste Commission
    

      - Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
    

      - Arctic Research Commission
    

      - Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation
    

      - Broadcasting Board of Governors
    

      - Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board
    

      - Civil Rights Commission
    

      - Commission of Fine Arts
    

      - Commission on Review of Overseas Military Facility Structure of the United States
    

      - Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled
    

      - Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements
    

      - Commodity Futures Trading Commission
    

      - Consumer Product Safety Commission
    

      - Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention
    

      - Corporation for National and Community Service
    

      - Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia
    

      - Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission
    

      - Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board
    

      - Delaware River Basin Commission
    

      - Denali Commission
    

      - Election Assistance Commission
    

      - Employees Benefits Security Administration
    

      - Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
    

      - Export-Import Bank
    

      - Family Support Administration
    

      -- Child Support Enforcement Office
    

      - Farm Credit Administration
    

      - Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation
    

      - Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board
    

      - Federal Communications Commission
    

      - Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
    

      - Federal Election Commission
    

      - Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
    

      - Federal Housing Finance Board
    

      - Federal Labor Relations Authority
    

      - Federal Maritime Commission
    

      - Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service
    

      - Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission
    

      - Federal Reserve System
    

      - Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board
    

      - Federal Trade Commission
    

      - General Services Administration
    

      - Government Accountability Office
    

      - Government Ethics Office
    

      - Government Printing Office
    

      - Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation
    

      - Historic Preservation, Advisory Council
    

      - Inter-American Foundation
    

      - International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico
    

      - International Trade Commission
    

      - Judicial Conference of the United States
    

      - Legal Services Corporation
    

      - Library of Congress
    

      -- Copyright Office, Library of Congress
    

      -- Copyright Royalty Board, Library of Congress
    

      - Marine Mammal Commission
    

      - Medicare Payment Advisory Commission
    

      - Merit Systems Protection Board
    

      - Millennium Challenge Corporation
    

      - Mississippi River Commission
    

      - Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation
    

      - National Aeronautics and Space Administration
    

      - National Archives and Records Administration
    

      -- Federal Register Office
    

      -- Information Security Oversight Office
    

      - National Capital Planning Commission
    

      - National Commission on Libraries and Information Science
    

      - National Council on Disability
    

      - National Credit Union Administration
    

      - National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact Council
    

      - National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities
    

      - National Institute for Literacy
    

      - National Intelligence, Office of the National Director
    

      - National Labor Relations Board
    

      - National Mediation Board
    

      - National Nanotechnology Coordination Office
    

      - National Prison Rape Elimination Commission
    

      - National Science Foundation
    

      - National Transportation Safety Board
    

      - Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation
    

      - Nuclear Regulatory Commission
    

      - Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board
    

      - Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission
    

      - Overseas Private Investment Corporation
    

      - Pacific Northwest Electric Power and Conservation Planning Council
    

      - Peace Corps
    

      - Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
    

      - Personnel Management Office
    

      - Postal Rate Commission
    

      - Postal Regulatory Commission
    

      - Postal Service
    

      - President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency
    

      - Presidio Trust
    

      - Railroad Retirement Board
    

      - Regulatory Information Service Center
    

      - Securities and Exchange Commission
    

      - Selective Service System
    

      - Small Business Administration
    

      - Smithsonian Institution
    

      - Social Security Administration
    

      - Special Counsel Office
    

      - State Justice Institute
    

      - Susquehanna River Basin Commission
    

      - Tennessee Valley Authority
    

      - Trade and Development Agency
    

      - U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission
    

      - United States Institute of Peace
    

      - United States Sentencing Commission
    

      - Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission
    


 

Show:





 All


 Rules


 Administrative Orders


 Notices


 Proposed Rules


 Executive Orders


 Proclamations



 

Regulations Filed:



All Dates



Between


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec


2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


 and 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec


2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017




 

Full Text (optional):





 Search
 




Browse by Date


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005


 
Securities and Exchange Commission  – Federal Register Recent Federal Regulation Documents




Show:






 All
              



 Rules
              



 Notices
              



 Proposed Rules
              



 


Filter Results
 








        Results 1 - 50 of 24,929      







          Subscribe 

























































Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Order Approving a Proposed Rule Change To Amend NYSE Arca Equities Rule 13.2, Liability of Corporation



Document Number: 2017-15910    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15910.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of a Proposed Rule Change Relating to the Definition of Non-Public Arbitrator



Document Number: 2017-15909    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15909.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Investors Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing of Amendment No. 3 and Order Granting Accelerated Approval of Proposed Rule Change, as Modified by Amendment No. 3, To Modify the Manner in Which the Exchange Opens Trading for Non-IEX-Listed Securities



Document Number: 2017-15908    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15908.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The Depository Trust Company; National Securities Clearing Corporation; Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; Notice of Filing Amendment No. 2, Notice of Filing Amendment No. 3, and Order Instituting Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove Proposed Rule Changes, as Previously Modified by Amendment No. 1, To Adopt the Clearing Agency Liquidity Risk Management Framework



Document Number: 2017-15907    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15907.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend MIAX Options Rules 404, 506, 806, and 1701



Document Number: 2017-15906    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15906.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The Depository Trust Company; Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; National Securities Clearing Corporation; Notice of Filing Amendment No. 1 and Order Instituting Proceedings to Determine Whether to Approve or Disapprove Proposed Rule Changes to Adopt the Clearing Agency Stress Testing Framework (Market Risk)



Document Number: 2017-15905    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15905.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BZX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Filing of a Proposed Rule Change to Rule 14.11(c), Index Fund Shares, To List and Trade Shares of the Aptus Fortified Value ETF, a Series of ETF Series Solutions



Document Number: 2017-15904    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15904.html




Adoption of Updated EDGAR Filer Manual



Document Number: 2017-15862    

Type: Rule    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    


    The Securities and Exchange Commission (``the Commission'') is adopting revisions to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System (``EDGAR'') Filer Manual and related rules to reflect updates to the EDGAR system. The updates are being made primarily to reflect amendments made to several forms under the Securities Act of 1933 (``Securities Act'') and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (``Exchange Act'') to effectuate inflation adjustments and other technical amendments required under Titles I and III of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (``JOBS'') Act; support recent updates to Form C and Form D; includes instructions for hyperlinking to exhibits included with certain Securities Act and Exchange Act forms and makes certain corrective changes to previously revised sections. The revised EDGAR Filer Manual also announces updates to the technical specifications for the ABS-EE schema and terminates support for US-GAAP-2015, EXCH-2015, CURRENCY-2014, and COUNTRY-2013 taxonomies. The EDGAR system is scheduled to be upgraded on July 17, 2017.  

http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15862.html




Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rules on the Auditor's Report on an Audit of Financial Statements When the Auditor Expresses an Unqualified Opinion, and Departures From Unqualified Opinions and Other Reporting Circumstances, and Related Amendments to Auditing Standards



Document Number: 2017-15718    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15718.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15779    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15779.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change To Amend Exchange Rules 4702 and 4754 To Enhance the Nasdaq Closing Cross



Document Number: 2017-15775    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15775.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; ICE Clear Credit LLC; Order Approving Proposed Rule Change Relating to ICC's End-of-Day Price Discovery Policies and Procedures



Document Number: 2017-15774    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15774.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change Relating to a Change in the Size of a Creation Unit Applicable to Shares of the PIMCO Low Duration Active Exchange-Traded Fund



Document Number: 2017-15773    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15773.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; MIAX PEARL, LLC ; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend Rule 404, Series of Option Contracts Open for Trading



Document Number: 2017-15772    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15772.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend MIAX Options Rule 404, Series of Option Contracts Open for Trading



Document Number: 2017-15771    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15771.html




Joint Industry Plan; Order of Summary Abrogation of Amendment No. 2 to the National Market System Plan Governing the Consolidated Audit Trail by Bats BYX Exchange, Inc., Bats BZX Exchange, Inc., Bats EDGA Exchange, Inc., Bats EDGX Exchange, Inc., BOX Options Exchange LLC, C2 Options Exchange, Incorporated, Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated, Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc., Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., Investors' Exchange LLC, Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC, MIAX PEARL, LLC, NASDAQ BX, Inc., Nasdaq GEMX, LLC, Nasdaq ISE, LLC, Nasdaq MRX, LLC, NASDAQ PHLX LLC, The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, New York Stock Exchange LLC, NYSE Arca, Inc., NYSE MKT LLC and NYSE National, Inc.



Document Number: 2017-15768    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15768.html




Point Bridge Capital, LLC, et al.



Document Number: 2017-15712    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15712.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Amend Qualification Criteria Under the Qualified Market Maker Program at Rule 7014



Document Number: 2017-15637    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15637.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq ISE, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15636    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15636.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq GEMX, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15635    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15635.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NASDAQ BX, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6896 and Chapter IX, Section 9



Document Number: 2017-15634    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15634.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq MRX, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15633    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15633.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove a Proposed Rule Change, as Modified by Amendment No. 3, Relating to the Listing and Trading of Shares of the USCF Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund Under NYSE Arca Equities Rule 8.200



Document Number: 2017-15632    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15632.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; New York Stock Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Eliminate Non-Regular Way Trading on the Exchange



Document Number: 2017-15631    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15631.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Order Granting Approval of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Disaster Recovery



Document Number: 2017-15630    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15630.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq GEMX, LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change Regarding Market Maker Quotations



Document Number: 2017-15629    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15629.html




Sunshine Act Meeting



Document Number: 2017-15628    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15628.html




Sunshine Act Meeting



Document Number: 2017-15627    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15627.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Enhance Anti-Internalization Functionality



Document Number: 2017-15530    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15530.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change Relating to Updates for the CBOE Fees Schedule



Document Number: 2017-15529    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15529.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Exchange Rule 1713 Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15416    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15416.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Investors Exchange LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 15.130 To Establish the Procedures for Resolving Potential Disputes Related to CAT Fees Charged to Industry Members



Document Number: 2017-15415    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15415.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6896 and Chapter IX, Section 9



Document Number: 2017-15414    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15414.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BYX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15413    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15413.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BZX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15412    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15412.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats EDGA Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15411    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15411.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats EDGX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15410    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15410.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; BOX Options Exchange LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 16100 (Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution) To Establish the Procedures for Resolving Potential Disputes Related to CAT Fees Charged to Industry Members



Document Number: 2017-15409    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15409.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NASDAQ PHLX LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 996A



Document Number: 2017-15408    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15408.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Article 23, Rule 13, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15407    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15407.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6.97, Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) Compliance Rule-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15406    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15406.html




Morningstar Funds Trust and Morningstar Investment Management LLC



Document Number: 2017-15405    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15405.html




Barings LLC, et al.



Document Number: 2017-15404    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15404.html




Proposed Collection; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15349    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15349.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; BOX Options Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend the BOX Fee Schedule



Document Number: 2017-15321    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15321.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove a Proposed Rule Change Relating to the Listing and Trading of Shares of the EtherIndex Ether Trust Under NYSE Arca Equities Rule 8.201



Document Number: 2017-15320    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15320.html




Proposed Collection; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15296    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15296.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15295    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15295.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15294    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15294.html




Covered Securities Pursuant to Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933



Document Number: 2017-15216    

Type: Proposed Rule    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    


    The Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'') proposes for comment an amendment to Rule 146 under Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933 (``Securities Act''), as amended, to designate certain securities on Investors Exchange LLC (``IEX'' or ``Exchange'') as covered securities for purposes of Section 18(b) of the Securities Act. Covered securities under Section 18(b) of the Securities Act are exempt from state law registration requirements.  

http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15216.html







1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Next














            Find a Lawyer
          












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing






Ask a Lawyer




Question: 

 Add details

					120
				



Additional Details:  



						1000 
					


 Ask Question 







			Subscribe to Justia's 
			
				Free Newsletters
			
			featuring summaries of federal and state 
			
				court opinions. 
		

			Subscribe Now
		









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











EXCELSIOR PRIVATE MARKETS FUND III (MASTER), LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      EXCELSIOR PRIVATE MARKETS FUND III (MASTER), LLC
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (master) is based out of Boston.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2014-05-23. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from EXCELSIOR PRIVATE MARKETS FUND III (MASTER), LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




excelsior private markets fund iii (master), llc


BANK OF AMERICA CAPITAL ADVISORS

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02110


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      866-921-7951







Recent SEC Filings




N-CSR filed on 06/09/2017
NSAR-B filed on 05/30/2017
40-APP/A filed on 03/28/2017
N-Q filed on 03/01/2017
40-APP/A filed on 02/27/2017
N-CSRS filed on 12/09/2016
NSAR-A filed on 11/29/2016
40-APP/A filed on 09/20/2016
N-PX filed on 08/29/2016
N-Q filed on 08/29/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2014-05-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,611,394
INDEFINITE


2013-05-23
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ALAN   BROTT

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JAMES D.  BOWDEN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN C.  HOVER II

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



STEPHEN V.  MURPHY

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



STEVEN L.  SUSS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



THOMAS G.  YELLIN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



VICTOR F.  IMBIMBO

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















      Federal Register
       :: 
      Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al.
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Open Meeting of the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance


                by the Treasury Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Tim Evanson






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          496
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          659
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      20
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      0
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












EQT Pittsburgh Three Rivers Regatta, Pittsburgh, PA


                by the Coast Guard
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Ben McLeod






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1516
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          309
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          930
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      41
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      7
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Refugee Biographic Data


                by the State Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Charles Roffey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          253
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          95
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          831
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Environmentally Sound Products


                by the Defense Department, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Leo Reynolds






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          163
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          345
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      46
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Public Company Accounting Oversight Board


                by the Securities and Exchange Commission
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                GotCredit






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          31
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          90
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      45
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicaid Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Hey Paul Studios






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          196
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          873
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      32
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

20


16



Commerce Department

47


10



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

8


3



Energy Department

43


3



Environmental Protection Agency

44


26



Health and Human Services Department

87


20



Homeland Security Department

66


9



Housing and Urban Development Department

2


          0
        


Interior Department

22


11



Justice Department

17


5



Labor Department

12


6



State Department

4


3



Transportation Department

82


41



Treasury Department

17


12



Veterans Affairs Department

9


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

22


6



Air pollution control

10


13



Air transportation

19


11



Airspace

18


4



Aviation safety

19


18



Environmental protection

17


12



Navigation (air)

19


4



Navigation (water)

10


          0
        


Security measures

10


2



Waterways

10


          0
        











            Current Issue

              
                377 Pages
              




123 documents
    from 40 agencies

  



81 Notices


14 Proposed Rules


28 Rules


3 Significant Documents









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


4 documents
            from 2 agencies
          


4 Rules









Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


84 documents
            from 43 agencies
          


63 Notices


1 Presidential Document


9 Proposed Rules


11 Rules














Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al.


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 04/14/2017











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

04/14/2017

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Dates:
The application was filed on September 17, 2015, and amended on February 4, 2016; September 20, 2016; February 27, 2017; and March 28, 2017.
Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          82 FR 18023
        
Page:

          18023-18028
          (6 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. IC-32597
File No. 812-14548-05
Document Number:
2017-07539

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
Summary of Application:
Applicants:
Filing Dates:
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Applicants' Conditions
Footnotes

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2017-07539
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2017-07539






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Public Inspection



              This PDF is
              the current document as it appeared on Public Inspection on
              04/13/2017 at 08:45 am.
            

              If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you
    should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official
    edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the
    Federal Register provide legal notice to the public and judicial notice
    to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507.
    Learn more here.
            

Public Inspection 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        April 10, 2017.
        
          AGENCY:
 Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”).
ACTION:
 Notice.
Notice of application for an order under section 17(d) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Act”) and rule 17d-1 under the Act to permit certain joint transactions otherwise prohibited by section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act.
Summary of Application:
Applicants request an order to permit certain closed-end management investment companies to co-invest in portfolio companies with each other and with affiliated investment funds.
Applicants:
Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC (“Excelsior Private Markets II”); Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (Master), LLC (“Excelsior Private Markets III”); NB Crossroads Private Markets Fund IV Holdings LLC (“NB Crossroads”); UST Global Private Markets Fund, LLC (“UST Global”); Excelsior Venture Start Printed Page 18024Partners III, LLC (“Excelsior Venture III” and, collectively with Excelsior Private Markets II, Excelsior Private Markets III, NB Crossroads and UST Global, the “Existing Regulated Entities”); Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC (“NBIA”); NB Alternatives Advisers LLC (“NBAA”); NB ASGA Fund Holdings LP, NB Canafund Private Debt LP, NB Caspian Holdings LP, NB CPEG Fund Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI—LC Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI—MC Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI—SS Holdings LP, NB Crossroads XXI—VC Holdings LP, NB Crystal PE Holdings LP, NB Flamingo Private Debt LP, NB Granite Private Debt LP, NB—Iowa's Private Universities LP, NB LAOF—Holdings LP, NB PEP Holdings Limited, NB Pine Private Debt LP, NB Private Debt Fund LP, NB Private Debt II Holdings LP, NB Private Equity Credit Opportunities Holdings LP, NB Renaissance Partners Holdings S.a.r.l., NB RP Co-Investment & Secondary Fund LLC, NB RPPE Partners LP, NB SBS US 1 Fund LP, NB SOF 2016-A Master LP, NB SOF III Holdings LP, NB SOF IV Holdings LP, NB SOF IV Cayman Holdings LP, NB-Sompo RA Holdings LP, NB Sonoran Fund Limited Partnership, NB Strategic Co-Investment Partners III Holdings LP, NB Wildcats Fund LP, Columbia NB Crossroads Fund II LP, NorthBound Emerging Manager Fund II—A LP, NorthBound NCRS Fund LP, and NYSCRF NB Co-Investment Fund LLC (collectively, the “Existing Affiliated Funds”).
Filing Dates:
The application was filed on September 17, 2015, and amended on February 4, 2016; September 20, 2016; February 27, 2017; and March 28, 2017.
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
An order granting the requested relief will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's Secretary and serving applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on May 5, 2017, and should be accompanied by proof of service on applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Pursuant to Rule 0-5 under the Act, hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Commission's Secretary.
ADDRESSES:
 Secretary, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F St. NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants: 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10104.
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
 James D. McGinnis, Senior Counsel, at (202) 551-3025 or Holly Hunter-Ceci, Acting Assistant Chief Counsel, at (202) 551-6825 (Chief Counsel's Office, Division of Investment Management).
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
 The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or for an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/​search/​search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.
Applicants' Representations
1. NB Crossroads is a Delaware limited liability corporation organized as a closed-end management investment company. NB Crossroads's investment objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns through diversified portfolio of professionally managed private equity funds and select direct investments in portfolio companies. The board of managers (“Board”) of NB Crossroads has six members, each of whom is not an “interested person” of NB Crossroads within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act (each is an “Independent Manager”).[1] 

2. Excelsior Private Markets II is a Delaware limited liability company organized as a closed-end management investment company. Excelsior Private Markets II seeks to provide attractive long-term returns to investors through investments in a diversified portfolio of professionally managed private equity funds and select direct investments in portfolio companies. The Board of Excelsior Private Markets II has six members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
3. Excelsior Private Markets III is a Delaware limited liability company organized as a closed-end management investment company. Excelsior Private Markets III seeks to provide attractive long-term returns to investors through investments in a diversified portfolio of professionally managed private equity funds and select direct investments in portfolio companies. The Board of Excelsior Private Markets III has six members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
4. UST Global is a Delaware limited liability company organized as a closed-end management v company. UST Global seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in a diversified group of private equity funds formed by a fund sponsor or sponsors experienced in making private equity investments. The Board of UST Global has six members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
5. Excelsior Venture III is a Delaware limited liability company organized as a closed-end management v company. Excelsior Venture III seeks long-term capital appreciation primarily by investing in private domestic venture capital companies and other private companies, and, to a lesser extent, domestic and international private funds, negotiated private investments in public companies and international direct investments. The Board of Excelsior Venture III has three members, each of whom is an Independent Manager.
6. NBIA is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser with the Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”). NBIA serves as the investment adviser to each Existing Regulated Entity. NBIA is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Neuberger Berman Group LLC (“Neuberger Berman”).
7. NBAA is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser with the Commission under the Advisers Act. NBAA serves as the investment adviser to certain Existing Affiliated Funds and as the sub-adviser to each Existing Regulated Entity. NBAA is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Neuberger Berman.
8. The Existing Affiliated Funds pursue strategies focused on investing in a portfolio of professionally managed private equity funds and select direct investments in portfolio companies. Each Existing Affiliated Fund is advised by an Existing NB Adviser [2] 
           and would be an investment company but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act.
9. Applicants seek an order (“Order”) to permit a Regulated Entity [3] 
           and one or more other Regulated Entities and one or more Affiliated Funds [4] 
           to (a) Start Printed Page 18025participate in the same investment opportunities through a proposed co-investment program where such participation would otherwise be prohibited under section 17 of the Act; and (b) make additional investments in securities of such issuers (“Follow-On Investments”), including through the exercise of warrants, conversion privileges, and other rights to purchase securities of the issuers. “Co-Investment Transaction” means any transaction in which a Regulated Entity (or its Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary, as defined below) participated together with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or Affiliated Funds in reliance on the requested Order. “Potential Co-Investment Transaction” means any investment opportunity in which a Regulated Entity (or its Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries) could not participate together with one or more other Regulated Entities and/or one or more Affiliated Funds without obtaining and relying on the Order.[5] 

10. Applicants state that a Regulated Entity may, from time to time, form one or more Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries.[6] 
           Such a subsidiary would be prohibited from investing in a Co-Investment Transaction with any other Regulated Entity or Affiliated Fund because it would be a company controlled by its parent Regulated Entity for purposes of rule 17d-1. Applicants request that each Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary be permitted to participate in Co-Investment Transactions in lieu of its parent Regulated Entity and that the Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary's participation in any such transaction be treated, for purposes of the Order, as though the parent Regulated Entity were participating directly. Applicants represent that this treatment is justified because a Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary would have no purpose other than serving as a holding vehicle for the Regulated Entity's investments and, therefore, no conflicts of interest could arise between the Regulated Entity and the Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary. The Regulated Entity's Board would make all relevant determinations under the conditions with regard to a Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary's participation in a Co-Investment Transaction, and the Regulated Entity's Board would be informed of, and take into consideration, any proposed use of a Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary in the Regulated Entity's place. If the Regulated Entity proposes to participate in the same Co-Investment Transaction with any of its Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries, the Board will also be informed of, and take into consideration, the relative participation of the Regulated Entity and the Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary.
11. When considering Potential Co-Investment Transactions for any Regulated Entity, the relevant Adviser will consider only the Objectives and Strategies,[7] 
           investment policies, investment positions, capital available for investment, and other pertinent factors applicable to that Regulated Entity. The Advisers expect that any portfolio company that is an appropriate investment for a Regulated Entity should also be an appropriate investment for one or more other Regulated Entities and/or one or more Affiliated Funds, with certain exceptions based on available capital or diversification.[8] 

12. Other than pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments as provided in conditions 7 and 8, and after making the determinations required in conditions 1 and 2(a), the applicable Adviser will present each Potential Co-Investment Transaction and the proposed allocation to the directors of the Board eligible to vote on that Co-Investment Transaction (the “Eligible Directors”) [9] 
           and the majority of such managers of the Board who are Independent Managers (a “Required Majority”) will approve each Co-Investment Transaction prior to any investment by the participating Regulated Entity.
13. With respect to the pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments provided in conditions 7 and 8, a Regulated Entity may participate in a pro rata disposition or Follow-On Investment without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if, among other things: (i) The proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund in such disposition is proportionate to its outstanding investments in the issuer immediately preceding the disposition or Follow-On Investment, as the case may be; and (ii) the Board of the Regulated Entity has approved that Regulated Entity's participation in pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments as being in the best interests of the Regulated Entity. If the Board does not so approve, any such disposition or Follow-On Investment will be submitted to the Regulated Entity's Eligible Directors. The Board of any Regulated Entity may at any time rescind, suspend or qualify its approval of pro rata dispositions and Follow-On Investments with the result that all dispositions and/or Follow-On Investments must be submitted to the Eligible Directors.
14. No Independent Manager of a Regulated Entity will have a direct or indirect financial interest in any Co-Investment Transaction (other than indirectly through share ownership in one of the Regulated Entities), including any interest in any company whose securities would be acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction.
15. Under condition 15, if an Adviser, its principals, or any person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser or its principals, and the Affiliated Funds (collectively, the “Holders”) own in the aggregate more than 25 percent of the outstanding voting shares of a Regulated Entity (the “Shares”), then the Holders will vote such Shares as directed by an independent third party when voting on matters specified in the condition. Applicants believe that this condition will ensure that the Independent Managers will act independently in evaluating the co-investment program, because the ability of an Adviser or its principals to influence the Independent Managers by a suggestion, explicit or implied, that the Independent Managers can be removed will be limited significantly. Applicants represent that the Independent Managers will evaluate Start Printed Page 18026and approve any such independent third party, taking into account its qualifications, reputation for independence, cost to the Regulated Entity's shareholders, and other factors that they deem relevant.
Applicants' Legal Analysis
1. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act prohibit affiliated persons of a registered investment company from participating in joint transactions with the company unless the Commission has granted an order permitting such transactions. In passing upon applications under rule 17d-1, the Commission considers whether the company's participation in the joint transaction is consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and the extent to which such participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.
3. Applicants state that in the absence of the requested relief, the Regulated Entities may be, in some circumstances, limited in their ability to participate in attractive and appropriate investment opportunities. Applicants believe that the proposed terms and conditions will ensure that the Co-Investment Transactions are consistent with the protection of each Regulated Entity's shareholders and with the purposes intended by the policies and provisions of the Act. Applicants state that the Regulated Entities' participation in the Co-Investment Transactions will be consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and on a basis that is not different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.
Applicants' Conditions
Applicants agree that the Order will be subject to the following conditions:
1. Each time an Adviser considers a Potential Co-Investment Transaction for another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund that falls within a Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies, the Regulated Entity's Adviser will make an independent determination of the appropriateness of the investment for the Regulated Entity in light of the Regulated Entity's then-current circumstances.
2. (a) If the Adviser deems a Regulated Entity's participation in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction to be appropriate for the Regulated Entity, the Adviser will then determine an appropriate level of investment for the Regulated Entity.
(b) If the aggregate amount recommended by the applicable Adviser to be invested by the applicable Regulated Entity in the Potential Co-Investment Transaction together with the amount proposed to be invested by the other participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds, collectively, in the same transaction, exceeds the amount of the investment opportunity, the investment opportunity will be allocated among them pro rata based on each participant's capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each. The applicable Adviser will provide the Eligible Directors of each participating Regulated Entity with information concerning each participating party's available capital to assist the Eligible Directors with their review of the Regulated Entity's investments for compliance with these allocation procedures.
(c) After making the determinations required in conditions 1 and 2(a), the applicable Adviser will distribute written information concerning the Potential Co-Investment Transaction (including the amount proposed to be invested by each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund) to the Eligible Directors of each participating Regulated Entity for their consideration. A Regulated Entity will co-invest with another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund only if, prior to the Regulated Entity's participation in the Potential Co-Investment Transaction, a Required Majority concludes that:
(i) The terms of the Potential Co-Investment Transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Regulated Entity and its investors and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Regulated Entity or its investors on the part of any person concerned;
(ii) the Potential Co-Investment Transaction is consistent with:
(A) The interests of the Regulated Entity's investors; and
(B) the Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies;
(iii) the investment by any other Regulated Entities or any Affiliated Funds would not disadvantage the Regulated Entity, and participation by the Regulated Entity would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of any other Regulated Entities or any Affiliated Funds; provided that, if any other Regulated Entity or any Affiliated Fund, but not the Regulated Entity itself, gains the right to nominate a director for election to a portfolio company's board of directors or the right to have a board observer or any similar right to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company, such event shall not be interpreted to prohibit the Required Majority from reaching the conclusions required by this condition (2)(c)(iii), if:
(A) The Eligible Directors will have the right to ratify the selection of such director or board observer, if any; and
(B) the applicable Adviser agrees to, and does, provide periodic reports to the Board of the Regulated Entity with respect to the actions of such director or the information received by such board observer or obtained through the exercise of any similar right to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company; and
(C) any fees or other compensation that any Regulated Entity or any Affiliated Fund or any affiliated person of any Regulated Entity or any Affiliated Fund receives in connection with the right of a Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund to nominate a director or appoint a board observer or otherwise to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company will be shared proportionately among the participating Affiliated Funds (who may each, in turn, share its portion with its affiliated persons) and the participating Regulated Entities in accordance with the amount of each party's investment; and
(iv) the proposed investment by the Regulated Entity will not benefit any Adviser, the other Regulated Entities, the Affiliated Funds or any affiliated person of any of them (other than the parties to the Co-Investment Transaction), except (A) to the extent permitted by condition 13, (B) to the extent permitted by section 17(e) of the Act, as applicable, (C) indirectly, as a result of an interest in the securities issued by one of the parties to the Co-Investment Transaction, or (D) in the case of fees or other compensation described in condition 2(c)(iii)(C).
3. Each Regulated Entity has the right to decline to participate in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction or to invest less than the amount proposed.
4. The applicable Adviser will present to the Board of each Regulated Entity, on a quarterly basis, a record of all investments in Potential Co-Investment Transactions made by any of the other Regulated Entities or Affiliated Funds during the preceding quarter that fell within the Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies that were not made available to the Regulated Entity, and an explanation of why the investment opportunities were not offered to the Regulated Entity. All information presented to the Board pursuant to this condition will be kept for the life of the Regulated Entity and at least two years thereafter, and will be Start Printed Page 18027subject to examination by the Commission and its staff.
5. Except for Follow-On Investments made in accordance with condition 8,[10] 
           a Regulated Entity will not invest in reliance on the Order in any issuer in which another Regulated Entity, Affiliated Fund, or any affiliated person of another Regulated Entity or Affiliated Fund is an existing investor.
6. A Regulated Entity will not participate in any Potential Co-Investment Transaction unless the terms, conditions, price, class of securities to be purchased, settlement date, and registration rights will be the same for each participating Regulated Entity and Affiliated Fund. The grant to another Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund, but not the Regulated Entity, of the right to nominate a director for election to a portfolio company's board of directors, the right to have an observer on the board of directors or similar rights to participate in the governance or management of the portfolio company will not be interpreted so as to violate this condition 6, if conditions 2(c)(iii)(A), (B) and (C) are met.
7. (a) If any Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund elects to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of an interest in a security that was acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the applicable Adviser will:
(i) Notify each Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction of the proposed disposition at the earliest practical time; and
(ii) formulate a recommendation as to participation by each Regulated Entity in the disposition.
(b) Each Regulated Entity will have the right to participate in such disposition on a proportionate basis, at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as those applicable to the participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds.
(c) A Regulated Entity may participate in such disposition without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) The proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund in such disposition is proportionate to its outstanding investments in the issuer immediately preceding the disposition; (ii) the Board of the Regulated Entity has approved as being in the best interests of the Regulated Entity the ability to participate in such dispositions on a pro rata basis (as described in greater detail in the application); and (iii) the Board of the Regulated Entity is provided on a quarterly basis with a list of all dispositions made in accordance with this condition. In all other cases, the Adviser will provide its written recommendation as to the Regulated Entity's participation to the Regulated Entity's Eligible Directors, and the Regulated Entity will participate in such disposition solely to the extent that a Required Majority determines that it is in the Regulated Entity's best interests.
(d) Each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund will bear its own expenses in connection with any such disposition.
8. (a) If a Regulated Entity or an Affiliated Fund desires to make a Follow-On Investment in a portfolio company whose securities were acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the applicable Adviser will:
(i) Notify each Regulated Entity that participated in the Co-Investment Transaction of the proposed transaction at the earliest practical time; and
(ii) formulate a recommendation as to the proposed participation, including the amount of the proposed Follow-On Investment, by each Regulated Entity.
(b) A Regulated Entity may participate in such Follow-On Investment without obtaining prior approval of the Required Majority if: (i) The proposed participation of each Regulated Entity and each Affiliated Fund in such investment is proportionate to its outstanding investments in the issuer immediately preceding the Follow-On Investment; and (ii) the Board of the Regulated Entity has approved as being in the best interests of the Regulated Entity the ability to participate in Follow-On Investments on a pro rata basis (as described in greater detail in the application). In all other cases, the Adviser will provide its written recommendation as to the Regulated Entity's participation to the Eligible Directors, and the Regulated Entity will participate in such Follow-On Investment solely to the extent that a Required Majority determines that it is in the Regulated Entity's best interests.
(c) If, with respect to any Follow-On Investment:
(i) The amount of a Follow-On Investment is not based on the Regulated Entities' and the Affiliated Funds' outstanding investments immediately preceding the Follow-On Investment; and
(ii) the aggregate amount recommended by the Adviser to be invested by each Regulated Entity in the Follow-On Investment, together with the amount proposed to be invested by the participating Affiliated Funds in the same transaction, exceeds the amount of the opportunity; then the amount invested by each such party will be allocated among them pro rata based on each party's capital available for investment in the asset class being allocated, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each.
(d) The acquisition of Follow-On Investments as permitted by this condition will be considered a Co-Investment Transaction for all purposes and subject to the other conditions set forth in the application.
9. The Independent Managers of each Regulated Entity will be provided quarterly for review all information concerning Potential Co-Investment Transactions and Co-Investment Transactions, including investments made by other Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds that the Regulated Entity considered but declined to participate in, so that the Independent Managers may determine whether all investments made during the preceding quarter, including those investments which the Regulated Entity considered but declined to participate in, comply with the conditions of the Order. In addition, the Independent Managers will consider at least annually the continued appropriateness for the Regulated Entity of participating in new and existing Co-Investment Transactions.
10. Each Regulated Entity will maintain the records required by section 57(f)(3) of the Act as if each of the Regulated Entities were a business development company (as defined in section 2(a)(48) of the Act) and each of the investments permitted under these conditions were approved by the Required Majority under section 57(f) of the Act.
11. No Independent Manager of a Regulated Entity will also be a director, general partner, managing member or principal, or otherwise an “affiliated person” (as defined in the Act) of an Affiliated Fund.
12. The expenses, if any, associated with acquiring, holding or disposing of any securities acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction (including, without limitation, the expenses of the distribution of any such securities registered for sale under the Securities Act) will, to the extent not payable by an Adviser under the investment advisory agreements with the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds, be shared by the Affiliated Funds and the Regulated Entities in proportion to the relative amounts of the securities held or to be acquired or disposed of, as the case may be.Start Printed Page 18028

13. Any transaction fee [11] 
           (including break-up or commitment fees but excluding broker's fees contemplated by section 17(e) of the Act, as applicable), received in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction will be distributed to the participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds on a pro rata basis based on the amounts they invested or committed, as the case may be, in such Co-Investment Transaction. If any transaction fee is to be held by the Adviser pending consummation of the transaction, the fee will be deposited into an account maintained by the Adviser at a bank or banks having the qualifications prescribed in section 26(a)(1) of the Act, and the account will earn a competitive rate of interest that will also be divided pro rata among the participating Regulated Entities and Affiliated Funds based on the amounts they invest in such Co-Investment Transaction. None of the Affiliated Funds, the Advisers, the other Regulated Entities or any affiliated person of the Regulated Entities or Affiliated Funds will receive additional compensation or remuneration of any kind as a result of or in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction (other than (a) in the case of the Regulated Entities and the Affiliated Funds, the pro rata transaction fees described above and fees or other compensation described in condition 2(c)(iii)(C); and (b) in the case of the Advisers, investment advisory fees paid in accordance with the agreements between the Advisers and the Regulated Entities or the Affiliated Funds).
14. The Advisers will each maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the foregoing conditions. These policies and procedures will require, among other things, that the applicable Regulated Entity Adviser will be notified of all Potential Co-Investment Transactions that fall within a Regulated Entity's then-current Objectives and Strategies and will be given sufficient information to make its independent determination and recommendations under conditions 1, 2(a), 7 and 8.
15. If the Holders own in the aggregate more than 25 percent of the Shares of a Regulated Entity, then the Holders will vote such Shares as directed by an independent third party when voting on (1) the election of directors; (2) the removal of one or more directors; or (3) all other matters under either the Act or applicable State law affecting the Board's composition, size or manner of election.
16. Each Regulated Entity's chief compliance officer, as defined in Rule 38a-1(a)(4) under the 1940 Act, will prepare an annual report for its Board each year that evaluates (and documents the basis of that evaluation) the Regulated Entity's compliance with the terms and conditions of the application and the procedures established to achieve such compliance.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, under delegated authority.
Eduardo A. Aleman, 
Assistant Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information
Footnotes

1.
     The term “Independent Manager” refers to the independent managers, directors or trustees of any Regulated Entity (defined below).

        Back to Citation
      


2.
     “Existing NB Adviser” means NBIA or NBAA.

        Back to Citation
      


3.
     “Regulated Entity” refers to any Existing Regulated Entity and any Future Regulated Entity. “Future Regulated Entity” means any closed-end management investment company formed in the future that is registered under the Act and is advised by a Regulated Entity Adviser and sub-advised by NBAA. “Regulated Entity Adviser” means (a) NBIA and (b) any future investment adviser that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with NBIA and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act.

        Back to Citation
      


4.
     “Affiliated Fund” means any Existing Affiliated Fund or any Future Affiliated Fund. “Future Affiliated Fund” means any investment fund that would be an “investment company” but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act, is formed in the future, and is advised by an Adviser. The term “Adviser” means any Existing NB Adviser or any Regulated Entity Adviser. No Affiliated Fund is or will be a subsidiary of a Regulated Entity.

        Back to Citation
      


5.
     All existing entities that currently intend to rely upon the requested Order have been named as applicants. Any other existing or future entity that subsequently relies on the Order will comply with the terms and conditions of the application.

        Back to Citation
      


6.
     The term “Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiary” means an entity: (a) That is wholly-owned by a Regulated Entity (with such Regulated Entity at all times holding, beneficially and of record, 100% of the voting and economic interests); (b) whose sole business purpose is to hold one or more investments on behalf of such Regulated Entity; (c) with respect to which the board of directors of such Regulated Entity has the sole authority to make all determinations with respect to the entity's participation under the conditions of the application; and (d) that would be an investment company but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Act. All subsidiaries participating in Co-Investment Transactions will be Wholly-Owned Investment Subsidiaries and will have Objectives and Strategies (as defined below) that are either the same as, or a subset of, their parent Regulated Entity's Objectives and Strategies.

        Back to Citation
      


7.
     The term “Objectives and Strategies” means a Regulated Entity's investment objectives and strategies as described in the Regulated Entity's registration statement on Form N-2, other filings the Regulated Entity has made with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Regulated Entity's reports to shareholders.

        Back to Citation
      


8.
     The Regulated Entities, however, will not be obligated to invest, or co-invest, when investment opportunities are referred to them.

        Back to Citation
      


9.
     Eligible Directors may not have a financial interest in such transaction, plan, or arrangement.

        Back to Citation
      


10.
     This exception applies only to Follow-On Investments by a Regulated Entity in issuers in which that Regulated Entity already holds investments.

        Back to Citation
      


11.
     Applicants are not requesting and the staff is not providing any relief for transaction fees received in connection with any Co-Investment Transaction.

        Back to Citation
      


[FR Doc. 2017-07539 Filed 4-13-17; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  












 

Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/113989-excelsior-private-markets-fund-iii-master-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=113989  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc gets funded!Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBostonIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors May 23rd, 2014$11,611,394-View DealMay 23rd, 2013Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Excelsior Private Markets Fund Iii (master) Llc gets funded?Key peopleJames BowdenExecutive OfficerAlan BrottDirectorJohn Hover IiDirectorVictor ImbimboDirectorStephen MurphyDirectorSteven SussExecutive OfficerThomas YellinDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!














		82 FR 18023 - Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al.
	












About GPO
	 
	| 
	  
	Newsroom/Media
	 
	| 
	 
	Congressional Relations
	 
	| 
	 
	Inspector General
	 
	| 
	 
	Careers
	 
	| 
	 
	Contact
	 
	| 
	 
	askGPO
	 
	| 
 
Help
 	

 

Home
 
| 
 
Customers
 
| 
 
Vendors
 
| 
 
Libraries
 







 		FDsys: GPO's Federal Digital System
 	




    	About FDsys
    



 		Search Government Publications
 	



 		Browse Government Publications
 	



 		FDsys Tutorials and Webinars
 	





 


FDsys >


		
	
	More Information 







                                            Search Government Publications
                                        

                                            (Search string is required)
                                        


Advanced Search
Retrieve by Citation
Help






 














 



 








                Actions
            



Download multiple issues of the Federal Register in XML


Purchase your own copy




                            Email a link to this page
                        



                            View in Catalog of U.S. Government Publications
                        



                            Find at a local Federal depository library
                        



                        	More Information about the Federal Register
                        


Browse the Federal Register



                            Today's issue of the Federal Register
                        



                    View Related Publications
                


Code of Federal Regulations


Unified Agenda


List of CFR Sections Affected





 

82 FR 18023 - Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC, et al.




                Download Files
        



                                        Formats 
                                    Text (37 KB) | PDF (99 KB)



                                        Descriptive Metadata
                                    MODS



                                        Authenticity Metadata
                                    PREMIS



                                            All Format & Metadata Files
                                        ZIP file




            Metadata
        


Publication Title
        Federal Register Volume 
        82, Issue 71
        
        (April 14, 2017)
    


CategoryRegulatory Information


CollectionFederal Register


SuDoc Class NumberAE 2.7:GS 4.107:AE 2.106:


PublisherOffice of the Federal Register, National Archives and Records Administration


SectionNotices


ActionNotice.


DatesThe application was filed on September 17, 2015, and amended on February 4, 2016; September 20, 2016; February 27, 2017; and March 28, 2017.


ContactJames D. McGinnis, Senior Counsel, at (202) 551-3025 or Holly Hunter-Ceci, Acting Assistant Chief Counsel, at (202) 551-6825 (Chief Counsel's Office, Division of Investment Management).


Agency NameSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Page Number Range18023-18028


Federal Register Citation82
                        FR
                        18023 


Docket NumbersRelease No. IC-32597, File No. 812-14548-05


FR Doc Number2017-07539



Document in Context



                This is part of 
                
        Federal Register Volume 
        82, Issue 71
        
        (April 14, 2017)
    


View Entire Issue

PDF | XML | More
                        












					 					
				
 







					Securities and Exchange Commission					
				


 







	    732 North Capitol Street, NW, Washington, DC 20401-0001 
	     
	     
	    202.512.1800
	     
	     



	

GitHub
	     
		| 
	     
Sitemap
	     
		| 
	     
	    Bulk Data
	     
		| 
	     
	    Privacy
	     
	    | 
	     
	    Accessibility




























 SECGems: Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TI), LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TI), LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
49













	 
	
	 BANK OF AMERICA CAPITAL ADVISORS
	 
	  100 FEDERAL STREET
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   866-921-7951    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2013-03-26Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TI), LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001572916
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
0331
IRS #
900949921










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 Ahern Matthew J (0001415993) 


1




 BROTT ALAN (0001280302) 


1




 Bank of America Capital Advisors LLC (0001416568) 


1




 Bowden James D (0001415964) 


1




 HOVER JOHN C II (0001471414) 


1




 Imbimbo Victor (0001346111) 


1




 Murphy Stephen V (0001332472) 


1




 Suss Steven Lawrence (0001396320) 


1




 YELLIN THOMAS G (0001280304) 


1











Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Alan Brott (0001280302) 


2




 James D Bowden (0001415964) 


2




 John C Hover II (0001471414) 


2




 Stephen V Murphy (0001332472) 


2




 Steven L Suss


2




 Thomas G Yellin (0001280304) 


2




 Victor F Imbimbo


2











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Ahern Matthew J. (0001415993) 


1




 BROTT ALAN (0001280302) 


1




 Bank of America Capital Advisors LLC (0001416568) 


1




 Bowden James D. (0001415964) 


1




 Excelsior Global Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC


1




 Excelsior Global Private Markets Fund II (TE), LLC


1




 Excelsior Global Private Markets Fund II (TI), LLC


1




 Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (Master), LLC (0001501376) 


1




 Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (TE), LLC (0001501378) 


1




 Excelsior Private Markets Fund II (TI), LLC (0001501377) 


1




 Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (Master), LLC (0001572914) 


1




 Excelsior Private Markets Fund III (TE), LLC (0001572915) 


1




 HOVER JOHN C II (0001471414) 


1




 Imbimbo Victor (0001346111) 


1




 Murphy Stephen V (0001332472) 


1




 Suss Steven Lawrence (0001396320) 


1




 YELLIN THOMAS G (0001280304) 


1







 








db
 
 








































