




Exeter Core Industrial Club Fund II REIT I, LLC - REITS and Finance- Fitzgerald  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Exeter Core Industrial Club Fund II REIT I, LLC

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Exeter Property Group 101 West Elm Street, Suite 600 
    Conshohocken, PA, 19428Phone: 610-828-3200 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-06


New


$119,000


$119,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Edward J. Fitzgerald 
 Executive 


 Timothy J. Weber 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Home - Exeter Property Group


























 











About Exeter
Investment Products
Real Estate Activities
Leasing Opportunities




Home
Contact Us



 




SUPERIOR PROPERTY SOLUTIONS,
SUPERIOR INVESTMENT RESULTS
Exeter Property Group is a real estate investment manager focused on industrial properties and portfolios across North America and Europe.  As hands-on operators, our experienced team of real estate experts acquires, develops and manages big box warehouse, multi-tenant logistics and select suburban and urban office and multi-family properties out of multiple regional offices.  Our combination of local execution and national scope allows Exeter to construct diversified, high-performing portfolios to deliver superior real estate solutions to our tenants and to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns to our investors.
Learn more about our team






Investment Products

Exeter is an investment partner entrusted with stewarding over $5 billion in equity capital on behalf of our domestic and international institutional investors. Managing capital through private equity funds, co-investment joint ventures and separate accounts, Exeter provides investment opportunities across the risk-reward spectrum.
Our committed team, with over 25 years of experience in the real estate industry, has generated proven investment performance across multiple market cycles.
Learn more about investing with Exeter »


Real Estate Activities

With 140 million square feet of industrial properties under management across the U.S. and Europe, Exeter is a real estate partner to hundreds of tenants, from global distributors to local entrepreneurs. Whether through acquisitions, redevelopment, or new development and build-to-suits, we help businesses succeed by fulfilling their need for the best economic value, functional design, and locations.
Learn more about our properties
and real estate capabilities »



Exeter Highlights
Exeter breaks ground on two cross docked distribution centers in Greenville-Spartanburg, SC
Exeter acquires 700,000 SF distribution facility in Chicago; available for lease »
Exeter Europe acquires 72,000 facility in Dublin and broke ground on a 300,000 SF spec project in Birmingham UK
Exeter redevelops and leases 156,000 SF office in Charlotte, NC






Philadelphia  |  Washington, DC  |  Chicago  |  Atlanta  |  South Florida  |  Dallas  |  San Francisco  |  Memphis  |  Inland Empire
London  |  Luxembourg  |  Dublin  |  Dusseldorf  |  Warsaw  |  Paris 



©2017 Exeter Property Group. All rights reserved.
Website Privacy PolicyWebsite Terms and Conditions of Use
Site by Push10 Philadelphia Web Design.















































Welcome to REIT.com | NAREIT
















































Skip to main content




 














 


 






Search form

Search 





 




Log-inJoinContact 

 
 





 















        
    Home          



        
    Investing          









        
    REIT Basics          









        
    What's a REIT?          



        
    REIT Financial Benefits          



        
    Economic Impact of REITs          



        
    REIT Sectors          



        
    Guide To Equity REITs          



        
    Guide to Mortgage REITs          



        
    Guide to Public Non-Listed REITs          



        
    Guide to Private REITs          



        
    Global Real Estate          



        
    Glossary of Terms          



        
    Forming a REIT          



        
    FAQs          
















        
    Investing in REITs          









        
    Investment Info Center          



        
    Reasons for REIT Investment          



        
    How to Invest in REITs          



        
    List of REIT Funds          



        
    Taxes and REIT Investment          



        
    REITs and Interest Rates          



        
    REITs and Conversions          
















        
    Investor Resources          









        
    REIT Directories          



        
    List of Public Non-Listed REITs          



        
    List of Private REITs          



        
    REIT Assets by State          



        
    Educational Videos          



        
    Conference Call Calendar          



        
    History of REITs          



        
    Understanding GICS          
















        
    Investors We Inform          









        
    Individual Investors          



        
    Financial Advisors          



        
    Pensions and Endowments          



        
    Defined Contribution          

















        
    Data & Research          









        
    REIT Indexes          









        
    Real Time Index Returns          



        
    Daily Returns (US & Global)          



        
    Historical REIT Returns          



        
    PureProperty® Index          



        
    Top 20 Global Constituents          



        
    Index Comparison Tool          
















        
    Data          









        
    REIT Industry Snapshot          



        
    REITWatch          



        
    US REIT Industry Equity Market Cap          



        
    REIT Capital Offerings          



        
    Year End Tax Reporting Data          



        
    T-Tracker®          



        
    Annual Proxy Data          
















        
    Research          









        
    NAREIT Research          



        
    Sponsored Research          



        
    Third-Party Research          



        
    Market Commentary          

















        
    News          









        
    All News          



        
    Articles          



        
    Videos          



        
    Podcasts          









        
    REIT Magazine          









        
    Browse          



        
    Back Issues          



        
    Advertising          



        
    Contacts          



        
    Reprints          



        
    Subscribe          



        
    About          










        
    SmartBrief          



        
    Advertising          










        
    Advocacy          









        
    Policy          









        
    Federal Tax Legislation          



        
    Other Federal Legislation          



        
    Cross Border Issues          



        
    State Tax Issues          



        
    Capital Market Issues          



        
    Financial Standards and Reporting          



        
    Internal Revenue Service Issues          



        
    Political Activities          



        
    REITs in the Community          










        
    Investor Outreach          



        
    REITs Around the World          



        
    The REITWay Campaign          










        
    Media           









        
    Monthly Media Briefs          



        
    News Releases          



        
    Media Contacts          










        
    NAREIT & You          









        
    About NAREIT          









        
    Staff Directory          



        
    Executive Board          



        
    Advisory Board of Governors          



        
    Committees and Subcommittees          



        
    Real Estate Investment Advisory Council          



        
    Global Association Partners          










        
    Membership          









        
    Join (Individual Membership Only)          



        
    Corporate Member Benefits          



        
    Individual Member Benefits          



        
    Company Directory          



        
    Select Service Providers          
















        
    Awards          









        
    Leader in the Light Award          



        
    Investor Care Awards          



        
    Leadership & Achievement Awards          










        
    Events          









        
    Washington Leadership Forum          



        
    Leader in the Light Working Forum          



        
    REITWise          



        
    Real Estate Research Conference          



        
    REITWeek          



        
    SFO Workshop          



        
    HR Forum          



        
    REITWorld          
















        
    Publications          









        
    Newsletters          



        
    SmartBrief          



        
    REIT Magazine          



        
    Compensation Survey          



        
    Insurance Survey          



        
    REITWise Sourcebook          



        
    Federal REIT Tax Compendium          



        
    REITWay® Annual Report          










        
    NAREIT Developments          



        
    Sustainability          



        
    Dividends Through Diversity          



        
    For Students          



        
    Dot REIT Top-Level Domains          



        
    Career Center          













 









Welcome to REIT.com















Register Now



Search REIT Companies

 





REIT Basics
What is a REIT?
Why Invest in REITs?
How to Invest in REITs
Guide to Equity REITs
Guide to Mortgage REITs
See All: REIT Basics




Investing

List of REIT Funds
REITs by Ticker Symbol
Real Time Index Returns
Market Commentary
REIT Assets by State
See All: Investing




NAREIT & You

Staff & Leadership
NAREIT Events
NAREIT Developments Blog
Policy Updates
Dot REIT Top-Level Domains
See All: NAREIT & You




REIT Indexes








            FTSE NAREIT U.S.          

            Value ($)          

            % Change          

            All REITs          

            205.22          

0.08%          

            All Equity REITs          

            681.94          

0.12%          

            Mortgage REITs          

            5.63          

-0.54%          


VIEW ALL 
 








            FTSE EPRA/NAREIT GLOBAL          

            Value (€)          

            % Change          

            Global          

            1,985.15          

-0.66% 

            Developed          

            2,053.63          

-0.54% 

            Emerging          

            2,389.05          

-1.54% 


VIEW ALL 
 


VIEW MORE REIT INDEXES >





      custom glossary    



Featured Content



Understanding GICS



REITs and Sustainability



Explore Real Estate Funds










 
 

  





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















	Manning & Napier  |  Investment Manager  |  Rochester, NY


































|Login


Investor Login

<Select Investor Type>
Individual Investor
Institutional Investor
401(k) Plan Sponsor
Financial Intermediaries


<Select Account Type>
Separate Account Clients
Mutual Fund Shareholders

Login to the Mutual Fund Shareholders website.


Username



Password



Login
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?



Individual Separate Account Clients can register here. Mutual Fund Shareholders can login here. All other investors call (800) 551-0224. Having trouble logging in?









About|Investor Relations|Insights|Newsroom|Contact



Search




Individual InvestorsInstitutional Investors401(k) Plan SponsorsFinancial ProfessionalsCorporate



























Text/HTML











      INVESTING FOR ACHANGING WORLD     Close           Today’s changes are tomorrow’s opportunities. We constantly monitor the global investment landscape and deliver our unique perspective directly to you. See what insights we have for you »       Investment solutions designed to meet your specific goals   INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS Management services for individual investors looking for Separately Managed Accounts or Mutual Funds     INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS Customized investment strategies for organizations, including Endowments, Foundations, Defined Benefit Plans, and Pension Plans     401(K) PLAN SPONSORS Helping your employees meet their retirement needs with 401(k)/Defined Contribution Plans     FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS Investment management services for Financial Advisors and Investment Consultants       Investment insights to guide you through today's financial realities                              3:52                  3:52                                           Speed 1x    0.5x 1x 1.25x 1.5x 1.75x 2x      Quality 360p    Auto 224p 360p 540p 720p                                                    About WistiaReport a problemCopy link and thumbnail              Thanks for reporting a problem. We'll attach technical data about this session to help us figure out the issue. Which of these best describes the problem?  Choose one Video plays but frequently stutters Video has poor quality Video fails to play Other  Any other details or context?    CancelSend   message                                        SOLUTIONS FOR REMARKABLE TIMESHow do you plan for today’s remarkable times? We discuss how we are finding investment opportunities despite the current slow growth environment, and strategies we use with individuals to help them meet their goals.    Featured Topic: Active ManagementView all insights »                                     













DigArticle - Dashboard















April 11, 2017
Featured Product: Manning & Napier Fund, Inc. Strategic Income Series
Today’s environment has become increasingly challenging for investors that are reliant on income generation. Economic growth in the U.S. and abroad remains sluggish, valuations for both fixed income and equity securities have become less compelling, forward return expectations are relatively muted... February 10, 2017
2017 Could be the Year of the Active Manager
It has been said that those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. With the value of active management called into question in recent years, we are compelled to consider our history to see what we might be able to glean about the reality of today’s environment.  January 26, 2017
2017 Outlook: Investing in Remarkable Times
As we head into the new year, we provide our forecast of what to expect in global financial markets and highlight how active management may help navigate today’s market environment. Learn more about our view in the new 2017 Semi-Annual Outlook.  November 08, 2016
Solutions for Remarkable Times
How do you plan for today’s remarkable times? We discuss how we are finding investment opportunities despite the current slow growth environment, and strategies we use with individuals to help them meet their goals. 













      OUR FIRM  About Careers Newsroom Contact      PRODUCTS  Separately Managed Accounts Mutual Funds      INSIGHTS  Research Library Our View Markets & Economy Vantage      LEGAL  Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Business ContinuityWhistleblower Policy     HEADQUARTERS  290 Woodcliff Drive Fairport, NY 14450 (800) 551-0224      CONNECT        © 2017 Manning & Napier       












Loading...







