

	Anika Therapeutics Announces Appointment Of Joseph Darling As President













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) Announces Appointment Of Joseph Darling As President  











Tweet








7/27/2017 9:00:22 AM


 
Track Record of Successful Product Launch and Global Commercial 
      Expansion

BEDFORD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Anika 
      Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ANIK), a global, integrated orthopedic 
      medicines company specializing in therapeutics based on its proprietary hyaluronic 
      acid ("HA") technology, today announced the appointment of 
      Joseph Darling, an orthopedic and medical device veteran with broad 
      commercial experience, to the role of President. For the past 15 years, 
      the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Dr. Charles H. Sherwood 
      served as President and plans to transition the role to Mr. Darling, 
      while continuing his tenure as CEO. Mr. Darling brings more than 20 
      years of executive management and leadership experience from 
      publicly-traded, commercial-stage companies including Baxter Healthcare, 
      Smith & Nephew, ConMed, and Wyeth-Ayerst.
    

      “Anika is at the cusp of a transformation. We are ushering in the next 
      decade of growth through the build-out of a direct commercialization 
      capability, a steady march of global expansion, and a pipeline that 
      includes multiple potential blockbuster products,” said Charles H. 
      Sherwood, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Anika Therapeutics. “With 
      his established track record overseeing global sales and marketing 
      efforts at leading medical device companies, Mr. Darling is uniquely 
      suited to help drive continued growth and spearhead Anika’s direct 
      commercialization initiative. The company’s leadership team and our 
      Board are excited for Mr. Darling to bring his deep expertise to the 
      table during this exciting period.”
    

      Most recently, Mr. Darling held executive leadership positions with two 
      small privately held orthopedic companies. Prior to these roles, Mr. 
      Darling held senior level executive positions at ConMed Corporation, a 
      global, publicly-held, diversified medical device company, as Global 
      President of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Linvatec Corporation, and as 
      Executive Vice President of Global Corporate Commercial Operations. At 
      ConMed, Mr. Darling led five global business units with $760 million in 
      annual revenues and refocused organizational efforts in sales, 
      marketing, and R&D.
    

      “Dr. Sherwood and his leadership team have built Anika into an 
      innovative, high growth, profitable, and global orthopedic company with 
      a diversified portfolio that includes differentiated, market-leading 
      therapeutic products and an emerging orthopedic medicine pipeline with 
      tremendous potential,” said Mr. Darling. “I’m excited to join Anika 
      during, what I believe to be, a pivotal moment in its 25-year history. 
      My extensive commercial operations background in the orthopedic sector 
      will prove to be integral to executing the company’s long-term growth 
      strategy.”
    

      Before ConMed, Mr. Darling was Senior Vice President and General Manager 
      for the sports medicine business at Smith & Nephew and played an 
      important role in defining a global strategy that propelled the company 
      to a leadership position in the sports medicine field. Mr. Darling 
      launched his career at Abbott Laboratories and Wyeth-Ayerst 
      Pharmaceuticals, where he held management positions in sales and 
      marketing before joining Baxter Healthcare as a Vice President of 
      marketing and health systems. Mr. Darling holds a Bachelor of Arts in 
      Political Science from Syracuse University. Click HERE to 
      view Mr. Darling’s full bio.
    

About Anika Therapeutics, Inc.


Anika 
      Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: ANIK) is a global, integrated orthopedic 
      medicines company based in Bedford, Massachusetts. Anika is committed to 
      improving the lives of patients with degenerative orthopedic diseases 
      and traumatic conditions with clinically meaningful therapies along the 
      continuum of care, from palliative pain management to regenerative 
      cartilage repair. The Company has over two decades of global expertise 
      developing, manufacturing, and commercializing more than 20 products 
      based on its proprietary hyaluronic 
      acid (HA) technology. Anika's orthopedic medicine portfolio includes ORTHOVISC®, MONOVISC®, 
      and CINGAL®, 
      which alleviate pain and restore joint function by replenishing depleted 
      HA, and HYALOFAST®, 
      a solid HA-based scaffold to aid cartilage repair and regeneration. For 
      more information about Anika, please visit www.anikatherapeutics.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      The statements made in the first and second sentences of the second 
      paragraph of this press release, which are not statements of historical 
      fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A 
      of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the 
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements include, 
      but are not limited to, those relating to the Company's direct 
      commercial capability, global expansion efforts, and the strength of the 
      Company’s product pipeline. These statements are based upon the current 
      beliefs and expectations of the Company's management and are subject to 
      significant risks, uncertainties, and other factors. The Company's 
      actual results could differ materially from any anticipated future 
      results, performance, or achievements described in the forward-looking 
      statements as a result of a number of factors including, but not limited 
      to, (i) the Company's ability to successfully commence and/or complete 
      clinical trials of its products on a timely basis or at all; (ii) the 
      Company's ability to obtain pre-clinical or clinical data to support 
      domestic and international pre-market approval applications, 510(k) 
      applications, or new drug applications, or to timely file and receive 
      FDA or other regulatory approvals or clearances of its products; (iii) 
      that such approvals will not be obtained in a timely manner or without 
      the need for additional clinical trials, other testing or regulatory 
      submissions, as applicable; (iv) the Company's research and product 
      development efforts and their relative success, including whether we 
      have any meaningful sales of any new products resulting from such 
      efforts; (v) the cost effectiveness and efficiency of the Company's 
      clinical studies, manufacturing operations, and production planning; 
      (vi) the strength of the economies in which the Company operates or will 
      be operating, as well as the political stability of any of those 
      geographic areas; (vii) future determinations by the Company to allocate 
      resources to products and in directions not presently contemplated; 
      (viii) the Company's ability to successfully commercialize its products, 
      in the U.S. and abroad; (ix) the Company's ability to provide an 
      adequate and timely supply of its products to its customers; and (x) the 
      Company's ability to achieve its growth targets. Additional factors and 
      risks are described in the Company's periodic reports filed with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission, and they are available on the SEC's 
      website at www.sec.gov. 
      Forward-looking statements are made based on information available to 
      the Company on the date of this press release, and the Company assumes 
      no obligation to update the information contained in this press release.
    


 
      For Investor Inquiries:Anika Therapeutics, Inc.Sylvia 
      Cheung, 781-457-9000Chief Financial OfficerorFor Media 
      Inquiries:Pure CommunicationsSonal Vasudev, 917-523-1418sonal@purecommunicationsinc.com







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) Announces Regulatory Approval For MONOVISC In India For The Treatment Of Pain Associated With Osteoarthritis Of All Synovial Joints

  CRISPR (CRSP) To Lose Its CFO In September, Hunt For Successor Begins  Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) Announces $5 Million Milestone Payment From U.S. Commercial Sales Of MONOVISC

  McKesson (MCK) Executive Pay Package Plan Rejected By Shareholders  Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) Reports Strong Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results  How AstraZeneca PLC (AZN)'s Silence Led to a $4 Billion Loss Overnight  Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) To Issue Second-Quarter 2017 Financial Results And Business Highlights On Wednesday, July 26  Expanding His Medical Empire Is Good For Patrick Soon-Shiong. But Is It Good For Patients?  Anika Therapeutics (ANIK) Announces Publication Of Phase III Data Demonstrating The Efficacy And Safety Of CINGAL For The Treatment Of Knee Pain Associated With Osteoarthritis  AstraZeneca PLC (AZN) CEO Breaks Silence on Teva (TEVA) Rumors, Urges Staff to Remain Focused in Leaked Memo  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Anika Therapeutics




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














BRIEF-Orexigen Therapeutics announces expansion of distributorship agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave to Egypt | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport2 days agoBRIEF-Orexigen Therapeutics announces expansion of distributorship agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave to Egypt#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedThe Trump Administration Scaramucci lashes out in obscene rantBusinessAmazon's big profit miss spooks investors, but analysts stay bullishCyber Risk Hack this, tell us if it's securePicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#Market NewsJuly 26, 2017 /  1:18 PM / 2 days agoBRIEF-Orexigen Therapeutics announces expansion of distributorship agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave to Egypt1 Min ReadJuly 26 (Reuters) - Orexigen Therapeutics Inc: * Orexigen Therapeutics announces expansion of distributorship agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave® (naltrexone hcl / bupropion hcl extended release) to Egypt * Orexigen Therapeutics - Orexigen also announced that regulatory applications have been submitted in Kuwait, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates * Orexigen Therapeutics Inc - unit, Biologix FZCO amended commercialization and distributorship agreement for contrave  in middle east to include Egypt * Orexigen will supply Contrave to Biologix at an agreed transfer price * Orexigen therapeutics - expects Contrave to be available for patients in Kuwait, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates starting in q1 of 2018 * Orexigen will continue to own marketing authorization for contrave Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.






















 



 Orexigen Therapeutics Announces Expansion of Distributorship Agreement with Biologix FZCO for 
         










    










 













 











 



















Orexigen Therapeutics Announces Expansion of Distributorship Agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave® (naltrexone HCl / bupropion HCl extended release) to Egypt
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.  
Jul 26, 2017, 08:50 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN DIEGO, July 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:    OREX) today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Orexigen Therapeutics Ireland Ltd., and Biologix FZCO have amended the commercialization and distributorship agreement for Contrave® (naltrexone HCl / bupropion HCl extended release) in the Middle East to include Egypt.








With the addition of Egypt, the agreement now spans 11 countries in the Middle East: Egypt, Bahrain, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.  While Orexigen will continue to own marketing authorization, Biologix will represent Orexigen in local product registrations and will also be responsible for commercialization activities for all 11 countries.  Orexigen will supply Contrave to Biologix at an agreed transfer price. 
Orexigen also announced that regulatory applications have been submitted in Kuwait, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates and expects Contrave to be available for patients in these four countries starting in the first quarter of 2018.
"As our existing partner with a well-established presence in the Middle East and North Africa, Biologix is uniquely positioned to also bring Contrave to patients in Egypt," said Dr. Thomas Cannell, Chief Operating Officer and President of Global Commercial Products of Orexigen.  "With the addition of Egypt, we have successfully entered into partnerships covering 45 countries to support the worldwide commercialization of Contrave, and we are committed to leveraging our alliances management capabilities to help combat the global rise of obesity rates." 
"We look forward to leveraging our expertise in Egypt to bring Contrave to patients struggling with weight loss and obesity," said Selim Ghorayeb, Chief Executive Officer of Biologix FZCO.  "We are pleased that Orexigen continues to place its trust in us as its partner in the Middle East and North Africa." 
Obesity and related comorbidities are a significant health problem in Egypt, which currently leads as the country with the highest prevalence of adults struggling with obesity in the world, and where an estimated 51% of women and 33% of men are struggling with obesity. [i],[ii]  
About Biologix FZCO
Biologix FZCO is a leading promoter and distributor of Biotech products in the MENA region, which is based in Dubai, UAE.  Biologix offers regulatory, medical, marketing, sales and distribution support to its partners with a direct presence in 16 countries of the Middle East and North Africa including Algeria, Egypt, Bahrain, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, UAE and Yemen.  Biologix focuses on the following therapeutics areas: oncology-hematology, cardio-metabolic, neurology and rare diseases.  It owns and operates a logistics hub with cold chain capabilities in the Dubai Airport Free Zone.
About Contrave
Contrave, approved by the FDA in September 2014, is indicated for use as an adjunct to a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity for chronic weight management in adults with an initial body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 or greater (obese), or 27 kg/m2 or greater (overweight) in the presence of at least one weight-related comorbid condition (e.g., hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia). 
Orexigen is committed to helping eligible patients learn about Contrave and recommends patients visit www.contrave.com for additional information.
For more information and full prescribing information please visit www.contrave.com. 
About Orexigen Therapeutics
Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of weight loss and obesity.  The company's mission is to help improve the health and lives of patients struggling to lose weight.  Orexigen's first product, Contrave® (naltrexone HCl and bupropion HCl extended release), was approved in the U.S. in September 2014.  In the European Union, the medicine has been approved under the brand name Mysimba™ (naltrexone HCl / bupropion HCl prolonged release).  Millions around the globe continue to face challenges of weight loss.  Orexigen is undertaking a range of development and commercialization activities, both on its own and with strategic partners, to bring Contrave / Mysimba to patients around the world.  As a patient-centric company, Orexigen continues to focus not only on innovating medicine for the treatment of obesity, but to also offer unique resources and healthcare delivery options to improve the patient experience.  Further information about Orexigen can be found at www.orexigen.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Orexigen cautions you that statements included in this press release that are not a description of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "indicates," "will," "should," "intends," "potential," "suggests," "assuming," "designed" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on our current beliefs and expectations.  These forward-looking statements include statements regarding: the potential for regulatory approvals and local product registrations for Contrave in the Middle East; the potential for and timing of commercialization of Contrave in Kuwait, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates and other Middle East countries; and the expectation for additional ex-U.S. commercial alliances in the future.  The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by Orexigen that any of its plans will be achieved.  Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in this release due to the risk and uncertainties inherent in the Orexigen business, including, without limitation: the potential that the marketing and commercialization of Contrave will not be successful; the capabilities of our existing distribution partners and the ability to obtain partnerships and marketing authorizations globally; competition in the global obesity market, particularly from existing therapies; the therapeutic and commercial value of Contrave; our ability to retain ownership of Contrave and create value in certain markets outside of the United States; legal or regulatory proceedings against Orexigen; our ability to maintain sufficient capital to fund our operations for the foreseeable future; and other risks described in Orexigen's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, and Orexigen undertakes no obligation to revise or update this news release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by law.  Further information regarding these and other risks is included under the heading "Risk Factors" in Orexigen's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2017 and its other reports, which are available from the SEC's website (www.sec.gov) and on Orexigen's website (www.orexigen.com) under the heading "Investors."  All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.  This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Orexigen Contact:
Jason KeyesChief Financial OfficerOrexigen Therapeutics, Inc. +1-858-875-8600jkeyes@orexigen.com 
Media Contact: Erika HackmannY&R+1-917-538-3375erika.hackmann@yr.com
i Ibrahim et al. Cut off values of waist circumference and associated cardiovascular risk in Egyptians. BMC Cardiovasc Disord; 11:53. August 16, 2011.
ii GBD 2015 Obesity Collaborators. Health Effects of Overweight and Obesity in 195 Countries over 25 Years. N Engl J Med; 377:13-27. July 6, 2017.
 
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/orexigen-therapeutics-announces-expansion-of-distributorship-agreement-with-biologix-fzco-for-contrave-naltrexone-hcl--bupropion-hcl-extended-release-to-egypt-300494141.html
SOURCE Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.orexigen.com



 













Jul 25, 2017, 16:30 ET
Preview: Orexigen Therapeutics to Provide Business Update and Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 8, 2017






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 25, 2017, 16:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Orexigen Therapeutics to Provide Business Update and Discuss...








 

Jul 10, 2017, 12:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Orexigen Announces Presentation of Data for OREX-1019 and...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Licensing








 You just read:
Orexigen Therapeutics Announces Expansion of Distributorship Agreement with Biologix FZCO for Contrave® (naltrexone HCl / bupropion HCl extended release) to Egypt


 News provided by
Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc.  
Jul 26, 2017, 08:50 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 













Home - Therapeutics Inc.
























































About
Partnering / Investors
Careers
Contact
 








Meet your milestonesThe only full-service dermatology CRO that takes products from concept to approvalDoes your product have a reason to be?Our philosophy extends to both our clients and ourselves: be the best we can beMeet with us




You may wonder what makes us different from other CROs...
OVER 90% OF WHAT WE DO IS DERMATOLOGY.
At Therapeutics we nurture your ideas with thoughtfully integrated solutions. We aim to be your preferred partner.



Let us lead your dermatology product development program through the complex maze of non-clinical, clinical and regulatory hurdles to an FDA approval.Get started 
 

Strategy
CRO Services
Technology Assessment
Our Top 10
Press Room
 









© 2016 Therapeutics, Inc.   Legal  |  PRIVACY
858-571-1800
9025 Balboa Ave., Suite 100, San Diego, CA 92123



© 2016 Therapeutics, Inc.
9025 Balboa Ave., Suite 100, San Diego, CA 92123
858-571-1800

Legal  |  PRIVACY




















Novelion Therapeutics Reports Preliminary 2016 Net Product Sales and Provides 2017 Outlook Nasdaq:NVLN









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Novelion Therapeutics Reports Preliminary 2016 Net Product Sales and Provides 2017 Outlook




















January 09, 2017 07:40 ET

 | Source: Novelion Therapeutics, Inc.






- Company Reports Preliminary Total Net Product Sales Expected to be Between $150 million and $152 million, Exceeding High End of Prior Guidance - Global Expansion Plans for Metreleptin Opportunity Underway VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Jan.  09, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Novelion Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:NVLN) (TSX:NVLN), a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing new standards of care for individuals living with rare diseases (the “Company”), today reported preliminary pro forma unaudited 2016 net product sales for its subsidiary and other business updates. Mary Szela, chief executive officer, plans to discuss these and other topics during a live presentation at the 35th Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco scheduled for Wednesday, January 11, 2017, at 4 p.m. PST (7 p.m. EST). The presentation will be webcast live and accessible through the “Investors” section of Novelion’s website, www.novelion.com. “We enter 2017 with a highly-differentiated portfolio of marketed and development-stage rare disease products with near- and mid-term opportunities to grow the commercial pillars of our business,” said Mary Szela, chief executive officer of Novelion. “In 2017, we will focus on expanding access to metreleptin globally, and on development of the therapy’s pleiotropic effects to explore new opportunities to treat patients suffering from a range of low leptin-mediated metabolic rare diseases. In addition, we will work closely with Japanese health care providers with the goal of providing JUXTAPID to the more than 160 registered HoFH patients in that market, over time, and with U.S. physicians to retain those adult HoFH patients for whom JUXTAPID represents an important and differentiated therapy,” Szela continued. 2016 Preliminary Results & Business Update MYALEPT® (metreleptin): Novelion, through its subsidiary, expects preliminary, pro forma unaudited net product sales of MYALEPT for the full year 2016 to be between $50 million and $51 million. As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 125 active commercial patients on MYALEPT therapy globally, approximately 98 of whom are U.S. patients. Active patient numbers used in this press release are based upon internal estimates and criteria.    JUXTAPID® (lomitapide): Novelion, through its subsidiary, expects preliminary, pro forma unaudited net product sales of JUXTAPID for full year 2016 to be between $100 million and $101 million. As of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 340 active commercial patients on JUXTAPID therapy globally, approximately 232 of whom are U.S. patients.  Novelion ended 2016 with approximately $108 million (unaudited) in unrestricted cash.   In November 2016, Novelion’s subsidiary repaid all of its outstanding obligations and amounts under the $25 million credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank. On December 22, 2016, Novelion’s subsidiary submitted a marketing authorization application (MAA) to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) seeking approval for metreleptin as replacement therapy to treat complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy (GL) and in a subset of patients with partial lipodystrophy (PL). As with GL patients, in the pivotal NIH study, the subset of PL patients saw significant improvement in key efficacy measures, including reductions in HbA1c and triglycerides. The Company, through its subsidiary, will seek to market metreleptin in the EU under the tradename MYALEPTA®. If approved, metreleptin would be the first medication available in the EU to treat GL and PL.  On December 16, 2016, Novelion’s subsidiary launched JUXTAPID in Japan. Japan represents a unique market opportunity for JUXTAPID, with an identified population of more than 160 patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) and favorable pricing and reimbursement. The Company anticipates annual peak sales of approximately $30 million.  Also in December 2016, Novelion’s subsidiary entered into a licensing agreement with Amryt Pharma (“Amryt”) for the exclusive rights to LOJUXTA® (lomitapide) hard capsules in certain European and Middle Eastern territories. Amryt will pay Novelion sales-related payments and royalties on product sales in the licensed territories, and will also be responsible for ongoing regulatory and post-marketing obligations and commitments in support of the brand. 2017 Outlook Novelion’s subsidiary is planning to submit a supplemental biologics licensing application (sBLA) for MYALEPT to treat a subset of PL patients in the U.S. in the first half of 2017. If approved, this label expansion could double the addressable market in the U.S. for MYALEPT.Novelion’s subsidiary plans to file applications for regulatory approval of MYALEPT to treat GL and a subset of PL in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, Turkey and Canada.Novelion plans to meet with FDA and EMA in the first half of 2017 to gather feedback on its proposed development plans for zuretinol. Zuretinol, if approved, has the potential to receive a pediatric priority review voucher. 2017 Financial Guidance The company provides the following revenue guidance for full year 2017: Total net products sales of between $155 million and $165 million;MYALEPT net product sales of between $75 million and $80 million; andJUXTAPID net product sales of between $80 million and $85 million. About Novelion Therapeutics Novelion Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing new standards of care for individuals living with rare diseases. The company seeks to advance its portfolio of rare disease therapies by investing in science and clinical development. Novelion has a diversified commercial portfolio through its indirect subsidiary, Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which includes MYALEPT® and JUXTAPID®, and is also developing zuretinol acetate for the potential treatment of inherited retinal disease caused by underlying mutations in RPE65 or LRAT genes.  Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release constitute “forward-looking statements” of Novelion within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws, including statements regarding expectations such as sales of our products, cash usage, operating expense, planned regulatory filings and activities, drug development, marketing authorizations and label expansions, as well as long-term growth prospects. Forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions made by Novelion in light of current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that Novelion believes are appropriate in the circumstances, including but not limited to, our financial position and execution of our business strategy, post-merger synergies, resolution of litigation and investigations, receipt of regulatory approvals, and product competition, market acceptance, sales, pricing, reimbursement and side effects.   These forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Many such risks, uncertainties and other factors are taken into account as part of our assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements and include, among others, the following: : the possibility that the anticipated benefits and synergies from the merger transaction between Novelion and Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. cannot be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; the possibility that costs or difficulties related to the integration of Aegerion and QLT operations will be greater than expected; the risk that market acceptance of Aegerion’s products, JUXTAPID and MYALEPT, in the U.S. may not continue at the levels we expect, and may be lower outside the U.S., including in Brazil and Japan, than we expect; the risk that the conversion of prescriptions for JUXTAPID or MYALEPT into patients on therapy may be lower than we expect or the drop-out rate may be higher than we expect; the risk that the prevalence of the diseases Aegerion's products treat, or that we are pursuing treatment for, may be lower than we estimate, and that it may be more difficult to identify patients than we expect; the risk that the side effect profile or other results for Aegerion's products in commercial use and in further clinical studies are inconsistent, in scope and severity, with the side effect profile and other results observed in the pivotal study of each drug; the risk that the negative impact of the launch of PCSK9 inhibitors on JUXTAPID sales will be greater than we currently expect, particularly in the U.S., where the negative impact has been greater than we expected to date, or that other competitive products will negatively impact our results; the risk that private or government payers may refuse to reimburse Aegerion's or our products, or may impose onerous restrictions that hinder reimbursement or significantly limit or cap the price Aegerion or we charge or the number of reimbursed patients who receive products; the risk that revisions to the JUXTAPID Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) Program may negatively impact U.S. sales; the risk that net revenues for MYALEPT in the U.S. may be negatively impacted if there are more Medicaid patients prescribed MYALEPT than we expect; the risk that named patient sales for Aegerion’s products in Brazil and other key countries outside the U.S. may not be at the levels we expect; the risk that regulatory authorities in regions or countries where either of Aegerion's products is not yet approved may refuse to approve such products or additional indications for such products, such approvals are not made on a timely basis or such approvals impose significant restrictions or require additional development; the risk that exchange rates will negatively impact the amount of net product sales recognized; the risk that the initiation of future clinical trials may be delayed; the risk that we will not be successful in our lifecycle management or business development efforts; the risk that Aegerion's and our patent portfolios and marketing and data exclusivity may not be as strong as we anticipate; the risk of unexpected manufacturing issues affecting future supply; the risk that Aegerion incurs more costs than we expect in responding to investigations, defending litigation and resolving litigation; the risk that any of the foregoing may cause product sales revenue to be lower than we expect, or that we may incur unanticipated expenses in connection with our activities; the risk that we may not be able to successfully execute strategic plans, including our cost-reduction program; and the other risks inherent in the commercialization, drug development and regulatory approval process; the risk associated with our ability to be granted a Rare Pediatric Disease Designation and any subsequent qualification for a Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher, including the risk that zuretinol will not qualify under the current or any future applicable criteria for designation as a Rare Pediatric Disease or that an NDA for zuretinol will not qualify for a Priority Review Voucher, and the risk that future changes to the zuretinol program and/or the Voucher Program, including related to the transferability of the Priority Review Voucher, limit the future benefits of the Rare Pediatric Disease Designation and/or Priority Review Voucher.  The terms of Aegerion’s agreement in principle related to its class action litigation include risks related to the final approval by the court of the final settlement terms, including that the payment amount and availability of insurance could be amended and the amount and terms of any final settlement may be substantially higher and less favorable than we anticipate based on the terms of the preliminary agreement in principle, and the possibility that the court may materially alter or fail to approve the settlement terms.  In addition, Aegerion's agreement in principle with the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") relating to the investigations by these agencies and the terms of potential final settlements with these agencies include risks associated with the required approvals of final settlement terms by relevant government agencies, such as the proposed settlement with the DOJ being subject to approval of supervisory personnel within the DOJ and relevant federal and state agencies and approval by a U.S. District Court judge of the criminal plea and sentence and the civil settlement agreement, and the proposed settlement with the SEC being subject to review by other groups in the SEC and approval by the Commissioners of the SEC.  The terms of the preliminary agreements in principle may change following further negotiations.  The amount and terms of any final settlement may be substantially higher and less favorable than we anticipate based on the terms of the preliminary agreements in principle.  Final settlement terms could include the imposition of additional penalties, further limiting Aegerion's ability to conduct its business as currently conducted and as planned to be conducted. Additionally, the DOJ and the SEC each likely will outline their views of the factual background in connection with any final settlement.  The government's recitation of their assessment of the background could lead to additional legal claims or investigations by state government entities or private parties and may have adverse effects on Aegerion's existing class action litigation, including the agreement in principle to settle such litigation, commercial operations and contracts.  This press release also contains “forward-looking information” that constitutes “financial outlooks” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. This information is provided to give investors general guidance on management’s current expectations of certain factors affecting our business, including our financial results. Given the uncertainties, assumptions and risk factors associated with this type of information, including those described above, investors are cautioned that the information may not be appropriate for other purposes. For additional disclosure regarding these and other risks we face, see the disclosure contained in the "Risk Factors" section of Aegerion's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2016, Novelion's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2016 (and amended on April 29, 2016) and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 1, 2016 and each company's other public filings with the SEC, available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. Investors and others should note that we communicate with our investors and the public using our company website www.novelion.com, including, but not limited to, company disclosures, investor presentations and FAQs, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls transcripts and webcast transcripts. The information that we post on these websites could be deemed to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media and others interested to review the information that we post there on a regular basis. The contents of our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. U.S. INDICATIONS AND IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION MYALEPT® (metreleptin) for injection is a leptin analog indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. LIMITATIONS OF USE: The safety and effectiveness of MYALEPT for the treatment of complications of partial lipodystrophy or for the treatment of liver disease, including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), have not been established. Anti-metreleptin antibodies with neutralizing activity have been identified in patients treated with MYALEPT. T-cell lymphoma has been reported in patients with acquired generalized lipodystrophy, both treated and not treated with MYALEPT. For more detailed information, please see additional Important Safety Information and the Prescribing Information for MYALEPT.  JUXTAPID® (lomitapide) capsules is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to a low-fat diet and other lipid-lowering treatments, including LDL apheresis where available, to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH). Limitations of Use The safety and effectiveness of JUXTAPID have not been established in patients with hypercholesterolemia who do not have HoFH, including those with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH). The effect of JUXTAPID on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has not been determined. JUXTAPID can cause elevations in transaminases, as well as increases in hepatic fat, with or without concomitant increases in transaminases. Because of the risk of hepatotoxicity, JUXTAPID is available only through a restricted distribution program called the JUXTAPID REMS PROGRAM. For more detailed information, please see additional Important Safety Information and the Prescribing Information for JUXTAPID. CONTACT:

Amanda Murphy, Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Novelion Therapeutics
857-242-5024
amanda.murphy@novelion.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Novelion Therapeutics, Inc.


Novelion Therapeutics to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 8, 2017
July 28, 2017 08:30


Novelion Therapeutics Added to the Russell 3000® & Russell Microcap® Indexes
June 26, 2017 08:30


Novelion Therapeutics Announces Presentation of Metreleptin Data at American Diabetes Association
June 12, 2017 08:30


Novelion Therapeutics Appoints John J. Orloff, M.D., to Its Board of Directors, Steps Down as EVP, Head of R&D
June 01, 2017 16:01


Novelion Therapeutics Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
May 09, 2017 07:00








Profile

Novelion Therapeutics, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Vancouver, British Columbia, CANADA




Contact Data
CONTACT:

Amanda Murphy, Director, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Novelion Therapeutics
857-242-5024
amanda.murphy@novelion.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Novelion Therapeutics, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.













 Clinical Applications – Nohla Therapeutics






























































 

 












 




Clinical Applications
The first clinical trial using Notch-mediated ex vivo expanded cord blood HSPC was opened by Dr. Delaney in 2006 in the myeloablative double cord blood transplant setting. This trial used patient-specific cord blood units for ex vivo expansion followed by immediate infusion. No serious adverse events related to the expanded cell product were reported in this Phase 1 trial, and the clinical relevance of using Notch ligand for ex vivo generation of increased numbers of human stem and progenitor cells was established. This was the first trial demonstrating that infusion of ex vivo expanded cord blood progenitor cells, without co-infusion of T cells from the same donor, could result in a significant decrease in the time to hematopoietic recovery of both neutrophils and platelets.
Thus, with established proof of concept, the goal was further development of this T cell deplete cellular therapy as an economically and clinically feasible product with ready patient access, specifically as a cryopreserved universal donor cell product. Without the need for HLA matching, the product can be cryopreserved for future on demand use. In contrast to the initial patient-specific product, patient access to this cryopreserved product would be dramatically enhanced as all of the expanded products would be potentially available for any given patient, regardless of HLA typing or location of the patient.
Two clinical trials have been completed in adults using this cryopreserved universal donor product in the context of cord blood transplant and high dose chemotherapy, with no unexpected safety issues and preliminary efficacy data demonstrating reduction in treatment side effects and time to engraftment. Other trials are ongoing, including a multicenter randomized trial comparing cord blood transplant with and without use of the expanded cell product and a pediatric trial using the product in the setting of intensive chemotherapy.
Advantages of the product 
The cryopreserved universal donor expanded CB progenitor product has many advantages:

It is devoid of T-cells and can thus be administered without need for HLA matching, making it a true universal donor product
It is a “pre-expanded” cryopreserved product and can be distributed and stored for immediate on demand use
It has potential uses in a broad variety of indications requiring temporary myeloid engraftment (for example chemotherapy-induced severe neutropenia, sepsis, or accidental radiation exposure)

Advantage of the platform
The true advantage of this ex vivo expansion platform is the ability to manipulate the Notch signaling pathway with tight regulation, thereby optimizing this methodology to direct stem and progenitor cell fate in vitro for the ex vivo generation of other cell types: NK cells, pre-T cells, platelets and red cells.
One Product: Multiple Indications
One Platform: Multiple Products





























Expansion Therapeutics, Inc. | SBIR.gov



















Skip to main content






HomeCompany Details 
Expansion Therapeutics, Inc.










Printer-friendly version









Address

            491 Pine Needles DrDel Mar, CA, 92014 




Information



DUNS:
080506507


# of Employees:
8







Ownership Information



Hubzone Owned:
N


Socially and Economically Disadvantaged:
N


Woman Owned:
N









Award Charts

                          Company currently does not have any award associated.
                      




Award Listing

            Company currently does not have any award associated.          


















Agency Micro-sites

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







An Official Website of the United States Government








	CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. - CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. Commences Cannabis Oils Facility Expansion with Support of the Saskatchewan Provincial Government







































Skip to main content





























About
News
Contact Us








Home  >  Investors  >  News  >  News Details
        





TSX:
CMED


$10.35
20 Minute Delay


-0.05
(
-0.48%
)
Volume: 
9,046
July 28, 2017
















View all News





CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. Commences Cannabis Oils Facility Expansion with Support of the Saskatchewan Provincial Government


April 19, 2017


Download this Press Release
PDF Format (opens in new window)
 
(PDF)



 SASKATOON, Saskatchewan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. (TSX: CMED) (“CanniMed” or the
      “Company”) announced today that its directors have approved the
      commencement of a capital project to increase its current cannabinoid
      oils processing capacity by constructing a new facility on the Company’s
      Saskatchewan campus.
    

This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here:
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170419006541/en/



CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. receives board approval to significantly expand Oils production capacity
(Photo: Business Wire)  


      The planned Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP)-compliant ethanol
      extraction facility will have the initial capacity to supply the
      equivalent of 12 million 60 ml bottles of CanniMed® Oil per year, once
      complete. The initial cost estimate for the facility is $10.5 million
      over a twenty-month schedule to commissioning.
    

“Saskatchewan’s heritage of pioneering and innovation in Canadian
      healthcare has helped lead to the creation of cornerstones such as the
      advent of cobalt therapy in cancer treatment,” said Premier Brad Wall.
“CanniMed is now part of the ongoing legacy that embodies this spirit
      of creative thinking and diversification so inherent in our province.
We welcome this kind of significant investment in Saskatchewan.”


      The project is estimated to employ 85 full-time employees during the
      construction phase and will create 25 new permanent full-time positions.
      Scheduling and costs will be further refined during the detailed design
      phase of the project. The facility has been designed to accommodate
      further modular increases in capacity in up to three subsequent phases,
      ensuring product development milestones will continue to be met over the
      long-term.
    

“The Company’s greatest growth driver is currently our CanniMed® Oils
      products, contributing to 46% of our overall sales during March 2017,”
      said Brent Zettl, President and CEO of CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. “The
      expansion of our oils processing capacity will ensure ample supply of
      cannabinoid-based raw materials for future product development and
      innovation, in addition to providing for the continued growth of
      currently marketed oil products, and our soon-to-be released gelcaps.”


      CanniMed uses ethanol (food-grade alcohol) extraction for the
      purification of cannabinoids. This industry-leading process pumps
      ethanol through compressed cannabis flower material, extracting the THCA
      (delta-9-tetrahydrocannabiolic acid), CBDA (cannabidiolic acid) and
      other medicinal ingredients. The alcohol and excess water are then
      removed through evaporation, resulting in a pure cannabis resin that can
      be further developed into a number of products for patient consumption.
      The Company plans to recycle and reuse the ethanol employed in the
      process.
    

About CanniMed Therapeutics Inc.


      The Company is a Canadian-based, international plant biopharmaceutical
      company and a leader in the Canadian medical cannabis industry, with 15
      years of pharmaceutical cannabis cultivation experience,
      state-of-the-art, GMP-compliant production process and world class
      research and development platforms with a wide range of
      pharmaceutical-grade cannabis products. In addition, the Company has an
      active plant biotechnology research and product development program
      focused on the production of plant-based materials for pharmaceutical,
      agricultural and environmental applications.
    

CanniMed Ltd., through its subsidiaries, was the first producer to be
      licensed under the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations,
      the predecessor to the current Access to Cannabis for Medical
      Purposes Regulations. It was the sole supplier to Health Canada
      under the former medical marijuana system for 13 years, and has been
      producing safe and consistent medical marijuana for thousands of
      Canadian patients, with no incident of product diversion or recalls.
    

Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements


      This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
      of applicable securities laws. All statements that are not historical
      facts, including without limitation, statements regarding the timing
      for, cost of and production from the cannabinoid oil processing
      facility, the release of gelcaps, assumptions and expectations or
      beliefs of future performance, are “forward-looking statements”.
      Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as
      “plans”, “expects” or “does not expect”, “is expected”, “estimates”,
      “intends”, “anticipates” or “does not anticipate”, or “believes”, or
      variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions,
      events or results “may”, “could”, “would”, “might” or “will” be taken,
      occur or be achieved.
    

      Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and involve known
      and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
      actual results, performance or achievements of CanniMed Therapeutics
      Inc. to be materially different from any future results, performance or
      achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements,
      including the risk of delays in the construction of the new facility,
      cost overruns, production delays for the facility, delays in the release
      of gelcaps, the risks described in CanniMed Therapeutics Inc.’s
      documents filed with applicable Canadian securities regulatory
      authorities which may be viewed at www.sedar.com.
      The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as
      of the date of this news release. CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. does not
      undertake to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect
      new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless required by
      applicable securities legislation.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170419006541/en/
Source: CanniMed Therapeutics Inc.

      CanniMed Therapeutics Inc.Dara Willis, 416-836-9272media@cannimed.com










View all News












Company Info



        1 Plant Technology Rd. Box 19A, RR#5 Saskatoon, SK,  Canada, S7K 3J8
    

        Phone: 1.306.978.6848 Email: media@cannimed.com Fax: 1‑844‑231‑8929
    
* If calling after hours, please leave a message and we will get back to you as soon as possible.










Email Alerts






E-mail Address
*










Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

Presentations and Events

End of Day Stock Quote










 





Enter the code shown above.



*

























© CanniMed Therapeutics Inc.


















Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)

























