










 













 







Extract Capital Offshore Ltd - Pooled Investment Fund- Extract Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Extract Capital Offshore Ltd

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Extract Advisors, Llc 55 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1702 
    New York, NY, 10003Phone: 212-255-0972 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-14


Amended


$2,942,000


$2,842,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-15


Amended


$100,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-10-15


New


$100,000


$100,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Extract Advisors, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Prashant Gupta 
 Director 


 Darin Milmister 
 Director, Executive 


 Robert Thomas 
 Director 










 

Extract Capital Offshore Ltd raised $100,000 on October 15th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/290075-extract-capital-offshore-ltdsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=290075  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Extract Capital Offshore Ltd raised $100,000 on October 15th, 2014.Get alertedif Extract Capital Offshore Ltd gets funded!Amount:$100,000Company:Extract Capital Offshore LtdInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Prashant Gupta (Director) Darin Milmister (Director, Executive Officer) Robert Thomas (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Extract Capital Offshore Ltd (0001622041) (Filer)Description:A investment round of 100K was raised by Extract Capital Offshore Ltd in October 15th, 2014. Extract Capital Offshore Ltd, a New York City, United States-based company, is a Finance-specialized firm.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Extract Capital Offshore Ltd - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Extract Capital Offshore Ltd  Funding details


Extract Capital Offshore Ltd Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001622041Address: 89 NEXUS WAY, CAMANA BAY  GRAND CAYMAN KY1-9007Phone number: 212-255-0972



Latest news
Extract Capital Offshore Ltd raised $2,942,000 from 8 investors on 2016-10-14.



Extract Capital Offshore Ltd Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-14Amended Form DIndefinite$2,942,000Indefinite$100,000806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-10-15Amended Form DIndefinite$100,000Indefinite$100,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-10-15New Form DIndefinite$100,000Indefinite$100,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Extract Capital Offshore Ltd raised $2,942,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Extract Capital Offshore Ltd
Key People in Extract Capital Offshore Ltd:

n/a Extract Advisors, LLCDarin MilmisterPrashant GuptaRobert Thomas
Similar companiesExtract Resources Ltd, ExtractApps, Inc., Extract Capital LP, Extraction Oil & Gas Holdings, LLC, Extraction Opportunity SPV, LP








Last visited companies: Peer-to-Pier Technologies, LLC, GuideSpark, Inc., Warwick Partners III, L.P., Warwick Parallel Partners III, L.P., Graticule Modular Fund Ltd

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















EXTRACT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      EXTRACT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD
                    

•   GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Extract Capital Offshore LTD is based out of Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-14. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from EXTRACT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




extract capital offshore ltd


89 NEXUS WAY, CAMANA BAY

GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-9007


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      345 949 9876







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/14/2016
D/A filed on 10/15/2015
D filed on 10/15/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,942,000
INDEFINITE


2015-10-15
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
100,000
INDEFINITE


2014-10-15
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
100,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




DARIN   MILMISTER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   EXTRACT ADVISORS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



PRASHANT   GUPTA

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



ROBERT   THOMAS

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















GREENLIGHT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            GREENLIGHT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD
                                    



 





















G 


GREENLIGHT CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



140 E 45TH ST FL 24 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions



(212) 973-1900
www.greenlightcapital.com





Business Info



 Founded 1996
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $670,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1996 the company has been providing Investors, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















List of Offshore Equipment Companies


















FREE Listing





Home
Categories
Regions
Add new company listing



Position：List Of Companies ›› List of Offshore Equipment Companies






Related Category：
Agriculture(1)
Apparel & Clothing(1)
Business Services(4)
Electrical Equipment & Supplies(7)
Energy Products(6)
Hardware & Mechanical Parts(2)
Industrial Machinery(4)
Mechanical Parts & Fabrication Services(4)
Minerals & Metallurgy(2)
Security & Protection(2)
Vehicles & Transportation(7)






Mechanical Technology Inc.
Mechanical Technology, Inc. Is one of the foremost engineering companies for design, fabrication and supply offshore drilling speciality items jacking gearboxes jacks. Our personnel have designed over 60 jackup rigs, systems many others equipment skidding, pipe casing handling, BOP ... Telephone：1-361-991-3113Address：7017 Glasgow Dr. 

Tianjin Sino-link International Trade Co., Ltd
TSL is specialized in designing, manufacturing and trading of deck machinery some industrialized products, offers operational, engineering solutions for the marine offshore industry. With our broad range completely in-house designed high quality we are proudly earned a reputation ... Telephone：86-02266372115Address：Landscape City , 5-1-302, Tianjin, Tianjin, China 

Nomis Energy Service Limited
Nomis Energy Service Limited, founded in 2000, is a global technology-based supplier of equipment, system and service for oil & gas, refinery petrochemical offshore industries. Technical competence, comprehensive expertise broad range equipments, combined with rich engineering ... Telephone：86-010-56213682Address：Rm 2004,Unit 2,Building 3,MERRY FUN, Beijing, Beijing, China 

Global Integrated Services, Inc.
We are seeking for financial resources worlwide to fund our oil operation in the Asia Pacific. own license of over Billion Barrels Oil ready extract and produce. If anyone know a system or network that could assist us, we willig work with you. For now, please send me at AsianOilVision gmail will talk ... Telephone：1-405-3137943Address：NW 23, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA 

PROSERV OIL AND GAS INTERNATIONAL INC LLC
Proserv  fully committed to offering quality products all our customers. Our services and expertise cover the oil & gas, drilling, subsea, marine, low heavy industries.

Proserv has drawn attention of major manufacturers oilfield equipment such as, Complete Drilling Rig Packages spare ... Telephone：971-55-6365040Address：Jabel Ali 

Beijing Branch of Kerui Group
KERUI Group is situated in the beautiful and fertile Yellow River delta, Shengli Oilfield. Main business scope: land drilling equipments research manufacture, offshore & workover platform design construction, oil field engineering technical services. covers an area of over 270,000 M2 ... Telephone：86 - 10 - 84775059Address：Room A-1902,Jinyu International, Wangjing,Chaoyang District Beijing Beijing 100102 China 

A.B.GENCO ENGINEERING GROUP
A.B.GENCO a name brand capable to meet the power needs of today global clients. We specialise in commissioning, manufacturing and distribution Gas Diesel Power Plants Generators. achieve it with collobrations partnerships market leaders production facilities Singapore China.  With solid ... Telephone：65-62689475Address：25, LOYANG CRESCENT, LOYANG OFFSHORE SUPPLY BASE, 

Shanghai Everlasting Imp & Exp Co., Ltd
Founded in 2005, our company specializes the export business, providing customers with best products and services. 
Our main are marine equipment, equipment of safety security, pneumatic tools pharmaceutical intermediates etc.
With help on technology information from universities ... Telephone：852-0523-84821282Address：No. 325-1 Xinjian Road, Jingjiang, Jiangsu 

Adcon Oil & Gas
Adcon oil & gas is an abu dhabi-UAE based company, providing consultancy and contracting services to the industry. We source supply used land offshore drilling rigs, barges, equipment for production on-and turbo machinery spare parts power ... Telephone：00971-050-8187827Address：Po Box 71329 

Sea Global Sdn Bhd
Dear Sir/Madam, Sea Global Sdn Bhd a company setup in purpose to provide one stop marine new & recond equipment. Time will not compromise, therefore, our organisation hosted various of stocks area Singapore and Malaysia. With the well manage network, we are able supply goods internationally ... Telephone：60-072520890Address：Malaysia 

Aquip International
Aquip International is a diversifies company offering products, supplies and services for the Oil, Gas, Petrochemical Power Generating industries. Representing many outstanding manufacturers, we can supply quality engineered products at competitive prices. also designs implements ... Telephone：1-703-8804151Address：Great Falls, Virginia, USA 

Jiangsu Sinma Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiangsu Sinma Machinery Co., Ltd, located in the Economic Development Zone, Xuzhou, Jiangsu, covers an area of 43,000 m2 with registered capital CNY10, 000, 000.
With years development, has become to a modern export-oriented enterprise specialized producing machining and structural ... Telephone：86-516-8789 9999Address：76 Zhengxing Rd, Jinshanqiao Development Zone 

Shanghai Aerospace Zenitech Development Co., Limited
Shanghai Aerospace Zenitech Development Co., Limited is the sister company of Zhejiang Genuine Construction Equipment Ltd., which was founded 5 years ago, under chairmanship Charlie Stone. Since our venture capital put into business heavy construction machinery & equipment, we have ... Telephone：0086-21-65362386-819Address：Rm3305 Zhongshan Rd Hongqiao District 

ZEN&MARINE COMPANY
ZENMARINE IS A SPECIALIZED NEWBUILDING CONSULTANT AND SHIPBUILDING MATERIAL SUPPLIER WORKING IN THE FIELD OF OFFSHORE MERCHANT SHIP. 
WE HAV STRONG RELATIONSHIP WITH KOREAN YARDS Vietnam YARDS
FOR UNIT SUCH AS J / U DRILLING RIG, SEMISUB DRILLSHIP. 
AS WELL OIL TANKER BULKER NEWBUILDING. ... Telephone：1-778-242 1059Address：1-607ACRIA BUILDING 6TH FLOOR 

Active Equipment Technologies LLC
We are a Trading Company dealing with the following:  Industrial Chemicals - Paints Scaffolding Cables / CAT5 CAT5e CAT6 Fire Resist Animal Feeds Urea Energy Crude Oil Mining Iron Ore Safety Marine Equipment (Fire Extinguishers) Training Kaizan Consultancy ISO: & Certification Offshore ... Telephone：971 - 50 - 2425244Address：Al Quoz, Industrial Area Dubai Al Quoz United Arab Emirates 

Ningbo Good Ocean International Trading Co., Ltd.
Grand Ocean Marine Industry is possessing of three professional sectors specializing in the ship design,shipbuilding and marine equipment sales respectively.Company has its own shareholding shipyard, also as export agent for many quality products factories.Meanwhile, our company was ... Telephone：86-159-68466895Address：Room8616,NO.6 Lantian Road,Haishu District 

Simferopol Motor Plant
JSC "Simferopol Motor Plant" is one of the leading manufacturers electric welding equipment in Ukraine, as well few CIS inverter and chopper equipment. The former motor plant" was founded 1996 has been successfully operating on market. Our factory a machine building complex ... Telephone：380-66-7291394Address：General Vasiljev, Simferopol, Crimea, Ukraine 

San Francisco Equipment Company
San francisco equipment company is a subsidiary of san metals trading ltd.
Sfmt was founded in 1993 and focused the scrap ferrous non-ferrous market.
Since that time we have evolved into an source to meet our clients around world needs for new used including aviation(gse)
Ground support ... Telephone：1-415-668-9113Address：581 14th Ave. Suite 2 

Wuhan Marine Machinery Plant
Founded in 1958 and subject to China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, WMMP is a manufacturer of large-sized, complete set non-standard equipments. covers an area 440,000 square meters has more than 2000 employees. The registered capital RMB1,458,900,000. the main supplier service ... Telephone：86-2768867087Address：Qingshan,Wudong, Wuhan, Hubei, China 

Tradequip International, *****
Tradequip International, www.tradequip.com,Â is the world's leading oil and gas resource connecting buyers sellers for new/used equipment services. is published 3/month circulates to over 100 countries with thousands of active online. a fast convenient way advertise all your company ... Telephone：1-931-4845137Address：PO Box 3079, Crossville, TN, USA 




 1 2 3 Next Last 




Refine by Country

China
Singapore
United Arab Emirates
United States











Copyright 2015 © All Rights Reserved




















Offshore Company Formation - Register Company






















































































 



















Toggle SlidingBar Area














 


RESELLER
PROGRAM



EXPLORE OUR
WORLDWIDE
JURISDICTIONS



  







 












 














			TBA & Associates		


atrium 


			2017-07-27T14:42:03+00:00		



Welcome to TBA

We help you grow your business
Across international border and
Achieve financial efficiency
Conducting your affairs under
Absolute Confidentiality




Why work with TBA?

Competitive price policy
Offshore business experts
Fast and efficient execution
Strong executive team
Integrity and due diligence
Dedicated customer relationship




Contact Us

Our Consultants are standing by
To assist you with your enquiry.
Call or Email Us Now
With your specific requirements.
We shall answer you back within 24 hours






New Offshore Solutions




The Offshore, the Developed countries and Tax Authorities


A properly configured and managed business structure can provide substantial tax benefits, protect assets, improve business efficiency, reduce costs and maintain confidentiality.
Should I avoid the Offshore now?
Will it be illegal using the offshore?
Can I trade through an Offshore Company?
If I can use the Offshore, which cautions should I take?
And which other or New Offshore Options do I have?
The Best Onshore Tax Alternatives
International Trade




CANADA LP
Limited Partnership

 

IRELAND LTD
Private Company Limited by Shares (LLC)




CYPRUS LTD
Private Company Limited by Shares

HONG KONG



DENMARK K/S
Kommanditselska


MAURITIUS GBC2
Global Business Company Category 2




DUCTH CV
Commanditaire Vennootschap


SCOTLAND LLP
Limited Liability Partnership



GIBRALTAR

UAE, RAK
Ras Al Khaimah
Free Trade Zone







> Read more



We Offer Clients
Incorporation Services on a Global Scale




Free Consultation
TBA specialises in advising clients on the selection of the most suitable onshore or offshore company jurisdiction for their international business. A tailor-made solution based on each Client’s own personal and business needs can be a complex task and requires careful planning and execution. We therefore encourage our clients to contact us directly, without obligation. We will be very pleased to assist with advice on how to approach your particular challenge.
The information provided below will introduce you to both onshore and offshore company jurisdictions.
To select one of our multilingual offices, click here for a list of our office contact details and request that a consultant calls you back.





Where to Incorporate?

The choice among numerous offshore jurisdictions can be a complex decision. Some factors should be taken into consideration.
Each offshore financial centre carries its own set of advantages, benefits and possible trade off.
When we design an offshore company structure and during the tax planning process, we always start with reviewing client’s business and residency situation and banking needs before selecting the best…

New Offshore Solutions

> Read more








Worldwide Jurisdictions
Where to Incorporate?




EUROPEAN UNION
Bulgaria
Cyprus
Denmark
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Scotland
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom

 

USA
California
Colorado
Delaware
Florida
New York
Nevada
Oregon
Washington




CANADA
British Columbia
Canada Federal
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Ontario





NON-EU COUNTRIES

Gibraltar
Isle of Man
Jersey
Liechtenstein
Switzerland



OCEANIA

Australia
Cook Islands
New Zealand
Vanuatu



MIDDLE EAST

Dubai
RAK – Ras Al Khaimah
UAE – Free Economic Zones



CARIBBEAN
Belize
BVI
Cayman Islands
Curacao
Nevis


FAR EAST
Hong Kong
Labuan
Singapore



INDIC
Mauritius
Seychelles


CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
Costa Rica
Panama
Uruguay








Emerging Offshore Banking Jurisdictions

The recent data from OECD (as of 30 October 2015) reveals that 96 jurisdictions have committed to adopt AEOI (Automatic Exchange of Information).
The list leaves only a few decent jurisdictions that will uphold account privacy and secrecy at the highest level – probably some countries in Central Asia and Africa.(*)
So, to bank in those regions you should pay attention to some key considerations when choosing a jurisdiction. One of the main keys is the accountability of the offshore banks.



> Read more



International Trade




Case Studies
Offshore business is about using the possibilities offered by countries, whose legislation allows for certain advantages (tax, confidentiality, company structure, etc.) to be used by non-residents.
This means that a country, or jurisdiction, will allow registration of a company and offer them certain tax freedoms in exchange for an annual license fee. It is normally a legal requirement that the registered company must not conduct any business or own any assets in the jurisdiction of incorporation.
This in turn allows companies to be set up in that jurisdiction…



> Read more







Our Global SolutionsA properly configured and managed company can provide substantial tax benefits, protect assets, improve business efficiency, reduce costs and maintain confidentiality; an improperly configured offshore company is a recipe for disaster for the owner and his business. The necessity for some or all of the optional services will always depend on the actual circumstances of each individual client, and his business. These options should best be considered before placing an order for incorporation, although their integration at a later stage is also possible. A properly structured and managed company can provide substantial tax benefits, protect assets, improve business efficiency



> Read More



 




What Is a Brokerage Account
How to Open One?

A brokerage account is an arrangement between an investor and a licensed brokerage firm that allows the investor to deposit funds with the firm and place investment orders through the brokerage, which then carries out the transactions on the investor’s behalf. The investor owns the assets contained in the brokerage account and must usually claim as income any capital gains he or she incurs from the account.
If you want to save, you open a savings (or money market) account. If you want to invest, you need a brokerage account…



> Read More



 






Going Offshore

The motivations for individuals and corporations to utilise offshore planning and offshore companies include the desire to reduce tax, protect assets, manage risk, maintain privacy, avoid bureaucracy, reduce costs and enhance assets, amongst others.
Reasons for going offshore and utilising offshore companies for tax planning and offshore business include:
Access to foreign insurance and reinsurance, Access to top-rated debt history jurisdictions



> Read More



 






Wealth Planning

We believe that wealth protection planning should be an essential component in the development of financial strategies of all who have achieved, or aspire to attain, independent financial success and for those who are fortunate to have inherited family wealth.
Modern day financial planning is incomplete without due consideration of wealth protection issues.
The twentieth century has provided unlimited opportunities for wealth creation, both in the developed world and the emerging markets.



> Read more



 






Tax Planning Solutions

Smart, effective tax planning is an essential component of virtually every successful business transaction.
When tackling critical tax issues, you need lawyers with the experience to navigate the sea of complex, constantly changing business and individual tax laws.
We are here to help structure your organisation and transactions to maximise tax efficiencies and minimise risk. With tax specialists in more than 30 countries, we advise on business strategies in jurisdictions around the globe.



> Read more



 






Asset Protection Solutions

In the current economic climate and in all probability for some years to come, the Governments of most countries will continue to focus on increasing tax revenues.
At TBA we can help you to create wealth, protect assets and extract capital from your business in the most tax efficient manner.
We can also show you how to pass the fruits of a lifetime’s work to your intended beneficiaries without unnecessary taxation.



> Read more



 






Holding Companies

Multinational companies may decide to establish a holding company for a range of reasons. For example, a holding company may be an efficient vehicle to own shares of other companies to form a corporate group, to allow the reduction of risk for the owners and thus allow the ownership and control of a number of different companies or, amongst others, to provide tax efficiency in relation to withholding taxes on dividends and taxes on capital gains.
The holding company provides the subsidiary company with buying power, research and development funds, marketing money…



> Read more



 






Licensing & Financial Services

The experts at TBA will guide you on the most appropriate jurisdiction for the set-up of your Forex Brokerage and/or your Binary Options or Investment Dealer Company.
Setting up your brokerage is only the first step, while we continue with ongoing support and maintenance, to ensure you remain licensed and full compliant to all Regulator’s requirements.
TBA is leader in the following jurisdictions: such as New Zealand (FSP Financial Service Provider), Bulgaria (BFSC), United Kingdom (FCA) and Vanuatu (VFSC), amongst others.



> Read more



 





Offshore FOREX License
Your Simple Solution to Profit from the Financial Industry
Licensing & Financial Services
You can now obtain a forex or foreign exchange broker license and enter the very lucrative business of trading foreign currencies. There is reportedly three trillion dollars in foreign exchange trades on a daily basis. The foreign exchange market is where money in one currency is exchanged for another.
The fluctuation in value between one currency and another can make for a profitable venture. For example, we have people who have earned over 20% per year trading US dollars for Canadian Dollars and Euros.
The most lucrative avenue in this industry is to have an offshore Forex license. Although money can certainly be made in forex…



> Read more



 






Intellectual Property (IP)

Intellectual property (IP) can be anything from a particular manufacturing process to plans for a product launch, a trade secret like a chemical formula, or a list of the countries in which your patents are registered. It may help to think of it as intangible proprietary information. The formal definition, according to the World Intellectual Property Organization is creations of the mind — inventions, literary and artistic works, symbols, names, images, and designs used in commerce. IP includes but is not limited to proprietary formulas and ideas, inventions (products and processes) industrial designs, and geographic indications of source, as well as literary and artistic works…



> Read more



 






Trusts

In the current economic climate and in all probability for some years to come, the Governments of most countries will continue to focus on increasing tax revenues.
At TBA we can help you to create wealth, protect assets and extract capital from your business in the most tax efficient manner.
We can also show you how to pass the fruits of a lifetime’s work to your intended beneficiaries without unnecessary taxation.



> Read more



 





Private Foundations

In recent years, several private foundations have gained prominence in the media, and raised public awareness of their causes. Foundations are often created with one philanthropic goal in mind.
However, as the grantors often realize, establishing your own foundation can often make smart money sense, as well.
Plus, your last name does not have to be Rockefeller or Getty to start your own.



> Read more



Currency Converter

Get currency data for your business
Accurate and reliable currency data feed that easily integrates with your current ERP, CRM, or Accounting systems.
Daily live rates for every currency in the world.
Check also for 150+ global currency rates, daily Currency Analysis for major world currencies.
Get commercial grade currency rates for your business.



> Click here to do your currency conversion



Testimonials
Don’t Take Our Word For It …




Read Our Testimonials
“This is the second company I have formed with the help of TBA. The quality of service is exceptional and a credit to anyone wanting to start a business hassle free!” Daniel, Madrid
“TBA website is very clear and informative. The various information sections covered most of the queries I had, and the response to my email questions was prompt and answered my questions exactly. The actual company formation process was easy to follow and complete correctly.” Alex, Auckland



> Read what some of our satisfied clients have said about us …



 
TBA & Associates Procedures & Compliance

Whilst we respect and honor all our clients’ confidentiality, TBA is committed to undertake full and thorough due diligence on our clients’ identities, place of residence and nature of their businesses.
To this regard, we need to be fully appraised of both the objective diagram behind the establishment of corporate structure and its modus operandi



> Read More






reseller




Success! Your application have been successfully submited. One of our consultants will be in touch with you shortly!







 
 

 
 
 



 













 

Extract Capital Offshore Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/171737-extract-capital-offshore-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=171737  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Extract Capital Offshore LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Extract Capital Offshore Ltd gets funded!Extract Capital Offshore LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 15th, 2015$100,000-View DealOctober 15th, 2014$100,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Extract Capital Offshore Ltd gets funded?Key peoplePrashant GuptaDirectorDarin MilmisterDirector, Executive OfficerRobert ThomasDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!