



Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. Profile































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.


XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  










Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.




Mailing Address:
482 South Service Road EUnit 119Oakville, OntarioL6J 2X6
Head Office Address:
482 South Service Road EUnit 119Oakville, OntarioL6J 2X6


Contact Name:
Anthony Jackson
Principal Regulator: 
British Columbia


Business e-mail address:
info@eyecarrot.com
Short Form Prospectus Issuer:
No


Telephone Number:
604 630-3838
Reporting Jurisdictions:
British Columbia, Alberta


Fax Number:
888 241-5996
Stock Exchange:
TSX Venture


Date of Formation:
Sep 7 2011
Stock Symbol:
EYC


Jurisdiction Where Formed:
British Columbia
Auditor:
Smythe Ratcliffe LLP


Industry Classification:
industrial products - technology
General Partner:



CUSIP Number:
630161
Transfer Agent:
Computershare Investor Services Inc.


Financial Year-End:
Feb 28
Size of Issuer (Assets):
Under $5,000,000
































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.




XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  






Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:11 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. develops and commercializes visual and neuro-cognitive processing products for diagnosing and remediating visual perception disorders. The company’s products include Binovi Cloud, a system for testing and measuring oculomotor sensory (OMS) performance; Binovi Enterprise, a practice management software, which allows practitioners to manage their patient testing, reporting, and outcomes; and Binovi Mobile, a Mobile App that consists of vision games that allow capturing baseline OMS performance and identify problem areas. It also offers Binovi Saccadic Fixator, which measures peripheral awareness and reaction time to aid in identifying, treating, and building OMS fun...
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. develops and commercializes visual and neuro-cognitive processing products for diagnosing and remediating visual perception disorders. The company’s products include Binovi Cloud, a system for testing and measuring oculomotor sensory (OMS) performance; Binovi Enterprise, a practice management software, which allows practitioners to manage their patient testing, reporting, and outcomes; and Binovi Mobile, a Mobile App that consists of vision games that allow capturing baseline OMS performance and identify problem areas. It also offers Binovi Saccadic Fixator, which measures peripheral awareness and reaction time to aid in identifying, treating, and building OMS functionality using a gamified format. The company was formerly known as Nanton Nickel Corp. and changed its name to Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. in June 2015. Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.
Detailed Description


1199 West Hastings StreetSuite 800Vancouver, BC V6E 3T5CanadaFounded in 2011



Phone: 416-943-6271

www.eyecarrot.com







Key Executives for Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.




Mr. Adam R. Cegielski B.Sc


      	Founder, CEO, President, Chief Product Officer & Director
      


Age: 41
        







Mr. Anthony K. Jackson B.B.A, CPA, CA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
      


Age: 37
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. Key Developments

Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Jun 28 17
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. filed its Annual on Jun 28, 2017 for the period ending Feb 28, 2017. In this report its auditor, Smythe Ratcliffe, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. Appoints Dr. Leonard Press as Director of Global Education
Jun 14 17
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. announced the appointment of Dr. Leonard Press, as Director of Global Education. Dr. Press has been recognized internationally as an educator and practitioner in the fields of behavioral optometric care, vision therapy and rehabilitation, and practice management. He is the author of three major textbooks, one of which is the primary reference used by therapists and doctors from around the world who are preparing for board certification in vision therapy through the College of Optometrists in Vision Development (COVD). In this role, Dr. Press will empower practitioners with education and practice management capabilities to maximize patient outcomes through vision therapy using Eyecarrot's BinoviTM platform and broaden the reach and accessibility of vision therapy to patients globally. Dr. Press will be leading Eyecarrot's efforts to strengthen bridges between academic research, education and clinical practice by collaborating with world-class leaders in vision therapy, building long-term partnerships with leading global Optometry organizations, and facilitating access to the Binovi software, hardware, and data for Optometry Schools and their Teaching Clinics.


Eyecarrot Innovations Corp Announces Full Commercial Release of Binovi
May 25 17
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. announced the full commercial release of Binovi(TM), a universal platform for the secure distribution of media centric content. The company's initial release includes a world-class library of vision performance activities, designed to empower both Vision practitioners and their patients. Eyecarrot's Binovi Platform is comprised of Binovi Pro for vision care professionals and its companion Binovi Coach for patients. These two applications work seamlessly together to maximize the therapeutic outcomes of in-office vision therapy by facilitating secure transmission of expert media-focused instruction, compliance tracking, and guidance from the vision professional. The extensive and growing activity library consists of well over 100 vision therapy activities by leading doctors and educators, all professionally recorded in high-definition video to enhance learning and engagement. With increasing awareness of the visual processing issues affecting almost 1 in 4 people globally, the demand for better tools and technology continues to grow rapidly. The Binovi platform will be the industry standard for vision care professionals and their patients.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3D Bolus Inc. Americas 999 E-Tech Inc. Americas ABELSoft Inc. Americas Acumenex Americas Akira Medical Ltd. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 30, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eyecarrot Innovations Corp., please visit www.eyecarrot.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























EYC.V Profile | EYECARROT INNOVATIONS CORP Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 49 minsS&P 5002,469.16-6.26 (-0.25%)Dow 3021,797.13+0.58 (+0.00%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. (EYC.V)TSXV - TSXV Delayed Price. Currency in CADAdd to watchlist0.15-0.02 (-9.09%)As of  12:17PM EDT. Market open.People also watchVIV.VEKG.VAPV.VOEE.VVPT.VSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsEyecarrot Innovations Corp.1199 West Hastings StreetSuite 800Vancouver, BC V6E 3T5Canada416-943-6271http://www.eyecarrot.comSector: Industry: Full Time Employees: Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Adam R. Cegielski B.ScFounder, CEO, Pres, Chief Product Officer & Director281.91kN/A41Mr. Anthony K. Jackson B.B.A, CPA, CAChief Financial Officer and Corp. Sec.78.6kN/A37Dr. Salim  Mithani Ph.D.CTO & DirectorN/AN/AN/ADr. Selwyn  Super D.Optom., B.Ed., M.Ed., Ph.D., FAAOChief Scientific AdvisorN/AN/A85Dr. Patrick  QuaidChief Scientific Advisor & Member of Advisory BoardN/AN/A38Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in CAD.DescriptionEyecarrot Innovations Corp. develops and commercializes visual and neuro-cognitive processing products for diagnosing and remediating visual perception disorders. The companys products include Binovi Cloud, a system for testing and measuring oculomotor sensory (OMS) performance; Binovi Enterprise, a practice management software, which allows practitioners to manage their patient testing, reporting, and outcomes; and Binovi Mobile, a Mobile App that consists of vision games that allow capturing baseline OMS performance and identify problem areas. It also offers Binovi Saccadic Fixator, which measures peripheral awareness and reaction time to aid in identifying, treating, and building OMS functionality using a gamified format. The company was formerly known as Nanton Nickel Corp. and changed its name to Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. in June 2015. Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.Corporate GovernanceEyecarrot Innovations Corp.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






  EYC:Venture Stock Quote - Eyecarrot Innovations Corp - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Eyecarrot Innovations Corp   EYC:CN   Venture        0.15CAD   0.01   9.09%     As of 12:17 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   0.17    Day Range   0.15 - 0.17    Volume   15,000    Previous Close   0.17    52Wk Range   0.12 - 0.30                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.17    Day Range   0.15 - 0.17    Volume   15,000    Previous Close   0.17    52Wk Range   0.12 - 0.30    YTD Return   -30.23%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (CAD) (TTM)   -0.08    Market Cap (m CAD)   9.347    Shares Outstanding  (m)   62.312    Price/Sales (TTM)   83.71    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.26%     Industry Health Care Equipment & Services   % Price Change +0.38%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. offers vision care practitioners with IT solutions to measure and enhance oculomotor sensory performance.    Address  1199 West Hastings StreetSuite 800Vancouver, BC V6E 3T5Canada   Phone  1-604-630-3838   Website   www.eyecarrot.com     Executives Board Members    Adam R Cegielski  President/CEO/Founder    Anthony K Jackson  CFO/Secretary    Salim Mithani  Chief Technology Officer     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    EYCCF Key Statistics - Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.

                  OTC: EYCCF
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jun 8, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


EYCCF

/quotes/zigman/87286852/delayed


$
0.13




Change

-0.02
-11.46%

Volume
Volume 16,000
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/87286852/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.15
		


$
				0.13
			
Change

-0.02
-11.46%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            $0.13
        

            $0.18
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Adam R. Cegielski 
40
2011
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Anthony  Jackson 
36
2011
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Director



Dr. Selwyn  Super 
84
-
Chief Scientific Officer



Mr. Dain  Currie 
-
-
Senior Vice President-Strategy



Dr. John G.  Flanagan 
58
2015
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/eyccf

      MarketWatch News on EYCCF
    
No News currently available for EYCCF





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/eyccf

      Other News on EYCCF
    
No News currently available for EYCCF










At a Glance

Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.
1199 West Hastings Street
Suite 800

Vancouver, British Columbia V6E 3T5




Phone
1 6046303838


Industry
Non-Ferrous Metals


Sector
Basic Materials/Resources


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for EYCCF











/news/pressrelease/company/us/eyccf

      Press Releases on EYCCF
    




 Eyecarrot Appoints Dr. Leonard Press as Director of Global Education
9:15 a.m. June 14, 2017
 - TheNewswire.ca











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:11 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:10pU.S. weekly active oil-rig count up 2 at 766: Baker Hughes
1:10pU.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count up 8 at 958: Baker Hughes
1:10pSeptember WTI oil trades at $49.65/bbl little changed from before the rig data
1:09pWhy the SEC’s crackdown could be good for initial coin offerings
1:06pMattel shares down 8.7% in Friday trading
1:05pExpedia stock price target raised to $178 from $155 at UBS
1:05pAaron's shares up 13% in Friday trading
1:01pWhere health-care reform goes after failure to repeal and replace Obamacare
1:01pS&P 500 down 6 points, or 0.2%, at 2,470
1:00pDow industrials down 4 points at 21,792
12:59pBREAKINGNasdaq pares losses, down 5 points at 6,377
12:52pFTSE 100 closes sharply lower in tobacco-led stock rout
12:51pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat (and why you should always use your own)
12:49pHow advisers can fight the ‘crisis of trust’ in financial services
12:41pHow Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
12:32pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.60

+0.05
+0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,371.32

-10.87
-0.17%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.10

-6.32
-0.26%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Eyecarrot Innovations (TSXV:EYC) - Fundamentals Analysis


































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















Eyecarrot Innovations
TSXV:EYC












Snowflake Description
No noteworthy features. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









EYC
TSXV
$10M
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Health Care Technology
Company description
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. develops and commercializes visual and neuro-cognitive processing products for diagnosing and remediating visual perception disorders. More info.

Find similar companies 


 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest
WARNING!Eyecarrot Innovations is covered by less than 3 analysts.


Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History







EYC















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors

Sorry, no analysis for Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.'s competitors could be found in our database.

















Value
 Is Eyecarrot Innovations undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 

 It is not possible to calculate the future cash flow value for Eyecarrot Innovations. This is due to cash flow or dividend data being unavailable. The share price is $0.165.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for Eyecarrot Innovations's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are Eyecarrot Innovations's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


No earnings or negative earnings.

No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on expected Growth
Does Eyecarrot Innovations's expected growth come at a high price?


No earnings or negative earnings.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on Eyecarrot Innovations's assets?


Overvalued based on assets compared to the Healthcare industry average.







X
Value checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Healthcare industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Healthcare industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (0%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for Eyecarrot Innovations is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$0 = ($0 / (10.99% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $0
Current discount (share price of $0.165): %

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.99% = 2.33% + (1.129 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.129
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.129

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in CA.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is Eyecarrot Innovations expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 0 analysts?
Future performance analysis is based on estimates from less than 3 analysts.


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!

 Insufficient estimate data, unable to calculate 1 year growth expectation.





Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue data unavailable.
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit data unavailable.






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




No 3 year Return on Equity data available.


Improvement & Relative to industry

No 3 year Return on Equity data available.
No 3 year Return on Equity data available.






X
Future performance checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has Eyecarrot Innovations performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare Eyecarrot Innovations's growth in the last year to its industry (Healthcare).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
 Eyecarrot Innovations does not currently make a profit.



Profit History
Eyecarrot Innovations's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Negative return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
Eyecarrot Innovations had negative or no return on assets (ROA) last year.
Return based on revenue producing assets (ROCE) is negative or zero.





X
Past performance checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Healthcare industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is Eyecarrot Innovations's financial health and their level of debt?

A company's financial position is much like your own financial position, it includes everything you own (assets) and owe (liabilities).

The boxes below represent the relative size of what makes up Eyecarrot Innovations's finances.

The net worth of a company is the difference between its assets and liabilities.



Net Worth 





No short term assets/ liabilities data.

Company has no long term commitments.


Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of Eyecarrot Innovations's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.


Low level of unsold assets

Company has no debt.





Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.


 Eyecarrot Innovations has no debt.


Show me more healthy companies in the Health Care Technology industry 




X
Financial health checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's financial health by checking for:

Are short term assets greater than short term liabilities? (1 check)
Are short term assets greater than long term liabilities? (1 check)
Has the debt to equity ratio increased in the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the debt to equity ratio over 40%? (1 check)
Is the debt covered by short term assets? (1 check)
Are earnings greater than 5x the interest on debt (if comapany pays interest at all)? (1 check)
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 5/6, see the detailed checks below.

Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is Eyecarrot Innovations's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.


Annual Dividend Income


0%
Current annual income from Eyecarrot Innovations dividends. 


If you bought $2,000 of Eyecarrot Innovations shares you are expected to receive $0 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Not paying a notable dividend.
Not paying a notable dividend.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of Eyecarrot Innovations's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Not paying a notable dividend.





Future Payout to shareholders 


Insufficient estimate data to determine if a dividend will be paid in 3 years.





X
Income/ dividend checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's dividend by checking for:

Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can Eyecarrot Innovations afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 0/6, see the detailed checks below.

Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of Eyecarrot Innovations's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Adam Cegielski

COMPENSATION$281,913
AGE41




CEO Bio

Mr. Adam R. Cegielski, B.Sc. is a Co-Founder of Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. and has been its Chief Executive Officer and President since March 2, 2016. Mr. Cegielski has been Chief Product Officer of Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. since July 2015. He has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Nanton Nickel Corporation since February 29, 2012. Mr. Cegielski has been the Sole Proprietor of Insight Consulting since 1999. He served as Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Executive Director of Resgreen Group International Inc. from April 21, 2006 to May 23, 2008 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer since April 2006. He has over 10 years of experience as a director and senior officer of publicly listed companies. From September 2010 to October 2011, Mr. Cegielski served as Investor Relations consultant for Keegan Resources Inc. a TSX listed gold exploration company. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Crest Petroleum Corp. until October 15, 2013. Mr. Cegielski served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Cayden Resources Inc. (alternate name Vistech Capital Corp). Mr. Cegielski served as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Uranium Hunter Corp. (Formerly Brownsville Company) from April 21, 2006 to May 2008 and also served as its Principal Accounting Officer since April 21, 2006. Mr. Cegielski served as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of GoldMountain Exploration Corporation (Formerly Konigsberg Corp) from March 27, 2006 to March 2008 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Cegielski served as the Acting Chief Financial Officer of IBI Corporation until November 1, 2006. He serves as Director of Seaside Exploration Partners Corp. He has been a Director of Brownsville Co, since April 21, 2006, Konigsberg Corp. since March 27, 2006. He has been a Director of Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. since February 29, 2012. He served as Director of Crest Petroleum Corp since January 24, 2012 until October 2014. He served as a Director of Cayden Resources Inc., since November 10, 2008. He served as Director of Kootenay Zinc Corp. from May 2015 to September 2016. He served as an Executive Director of Uranium Hunter Corporation from March 2006 to May 2008. From March 2006 to January 2008, Mr. Cegielski served as a Director of GoldMountain Exploration Corporation (formerly Konigsberg Corp.) Mr. Cegielski is a graduate of the University of Guelph in Ontario, Canada where he gained his Bachelor of Science and holds Honors degree from the College of Physical and Engineering Science in Applied Biochemistry.


CEO Compensation 

CEO's compensation has increased whilst company is loss making.

CEO's compensation appears reasonable.



Management Team


Adam Cegielski
TITLEFounder
COMPENSATION$281,913
AGE41



Anthony Jackson
TITLEChief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
COMPENSATION$78,600
AGE37



Sam Mithani
TITLECTO & Director
COMPENSATION$0


Selwyn Super
TITLEChief Scientific Advisor
AGE85



Patrick Quaid
TITLEChief Scientific Advisor & Member of Advisory Board
AGE38



Joe Lia
TITLEDirector of Video Production & Member of Advisory Board




Board of Directors Tenure
Average tenure of the Eyecarrot Innovations board of directors:


2.9 years

The average tenure for the Eyecarrot Innovations board of directors is less than 3 years, this suggests a new board.

Board of Directors


Adam Cegielski
TITLEFounder
COMPENSATION$281,913
AGE41



Sam Mithani
TITLECTO & Director
COMPENSATION$0


Patrick Quaid
TITLEChief Scientific Advisor & Member of Advisory Board
AGE38



Joe Lia
TITLEDirector of Video Production & Member of Advisory Board


Leonard Press
TITLEDirector of Global Education & Member of Advisory Board


Todd Finch
TITLEHead of Advisory Board
AGE49






Recent Insider Trading 

No insider transactions in the past 3 months.


Show me more companies with insider buying in the Health Care Technology industry 




Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
We assess Eyecarrot Innovations's management by checking for:

Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than 0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
Eyecarrot Innovations has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.

Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. develops and commercializes visual and neuro-cognitive processing products for diagnosing and remediating visual perception disorders. The company’s products include Binovi Cloud, a system for testing and measuring oculomotor sensory (OMS) performance; Binovi Enterprise, a practice management software, which allows practitioners to manage their patient testing, reporting, and outcomes; and Binovi Mobile, a Mobile App that consists of vision games that allow capturing baseline OMS performance and identify problem areas. It also offers Binovi Saccadic Fixator, which measures peripheral awareness and reaction time to aid in identifying, treating, and building OMS functionality using a gamified format. The company was formerly known as Nanton Nickel Corp. and changed its name to Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. in June 2015. Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.


Details

Name:Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.
Ticker:EYC
Exchange:TSXV
Founded:2011
Market Cap:$10 million
Website:http://www.eyecarrot.com

Listings




Map




1199 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, V6E 3T5, Canada






Street





Industry



Industry:Health Care Technology
Sector:Healthcare Equipment and Services










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy





Related Companies


3D Signatures (TSXV:DXD)


Reliq Health Technologies (TSXV:RHT)


1ST Group (ASX:1ST)


Novita Healthcare (ASX:NHL)


Rennova Health (NasdaqCM:RNVA)


Jayex Healthcare (ASX:JHL)


Zoommed (TSXV:ZMD)


Nexia Health Technologies (TSXV:NGH.H)


ePAT Technologies (ASX:EPT)


kneat.com (TSXV:KSI)






Related Industries


Healthcare Equipment and Supplies


Healthcare Providers and Services


Health Care Technology







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P. S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information. S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 













Eyecarrot Appoints Adam Cegielski as President & CEO — Eyecarrot | Vision Therapy and Eye Exercises





































































Skip to content
 




Login
Sign up











Eyecarrot Appoints Adam Cegielski as President & CEO 

Last Updated: March 2, 2016





Toronto, Ontario — Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. (TSX-V: EYC) is pleased to announce the appointment of Adam Cegielski, Founder of Eyecarrot, as President and CEO, effective immediately.  The appointment reflects a deeper commitment to the company’s product and technology strategy, which will allow the team to move more quickly to market.   With an educational background in applied biochemistry, global experience as a serial entrepreneur, and the vision and motivation to revolutionize vision science stemming from his son’s binocular vision issues, Mr. Cegielski will provide clear leadership and direction to help the company achieve its goals.
Eyecarrot also announced today that by mutual agreement, Eyecarrot and Guelph Vision Therapy Center (“GVTC”) have decided not to pursue a transaction at this time and will instead work together to further refine Eyecarrot’s strategy for scaling the data acquisition model. Dr. Patrick Quaid, will continue in his role as Chief Scientific Officer (Binocular Vision) for Eyecarrot, providing valuable guidance and direction on the company’s product and clinical partnership strategies.
“I look forward to working with Eyecarrot to advance the opportunity presented by real-time data tracking capabilities and how they apply to our advanced clinical model.  We at GVTC are excited to continue to focus on our significant year-over-year growth, and move forward with expanding on our current strategy”

The company also announced that Dr. Brent Norton MD has resigned as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the company. Eyecarrot would like to wish Dr. Norton well on his future endeavours, and thanks him for his past contributions to moving the company forward.
“Together, these announcements highlight and recognize Eyecarrot’s relentless focus on building a universally-available technology platform to set the global standard for binocular vision care,” said Adam Cegielski, Founder and CEO of Eyecarrot. 






About Eyecarrot
Eyecarrot’s goal is to power a global, data-driven, expert therapeutic network to transform how human Oculomotor Sensory performance is diagnosed, exercised and enhanced. The company has built BinoviTM, a universal, collaborative care platform that integrates software, hardware, data and the expert knowledge of vision care professionals to help patients on a global scale.
                                Adam Cegielski 
                                President | CEO
                                Telephone: 1.855.416.7158 - 416.943.6271





Forward Looking Information
Certain statements contained in this news release constitute "forward-looking information" as such term is used in applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking information is based on plans, expectations and estimates of management at the date the information is provided and is subject to certain factors and assumptions, including, that the Company's financial condition and development plans do not change as a result of unforeseen events and that the Company obtains regulatory approval. Forward-looking information is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause plans, estimates and actual results to vary materially from those projected in such forward-looking information. Factors that could cause the forward-looking information in this news release to change or to be inaccurate include, but are not limited to, the risk that any of the assumptions referred to prove not to be valid or reliable, that occurrences such as those referred to above are realized and result in delays, or cessation in planned work, that the Company's financial condition and development plans change, and delays in regulatory approval, as well as the other risks and uncertainties applicable to the Company as set forth in the Company's continuous disclosure filings filed under the Company's profile at www.sedar.com . The Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, other than as required by applicable law.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
SOURCE Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. 
For further information: Adam Cegielski, President CEO, Telephone: 1.855.416.7158 - 416.943.6271



« Back to Press Room









Top









×

Get the Eyecarrot Newsletter


Join us and help the world see better! Subscribe to our Perspectives newsletter where our team of experts curates the best insights on how vision, learning, sports, and healthy aging are all connected.














×

Terms of Service














×

Privacy Policy







































Vision Therapy and Eye Exercises in Multiple Languages — Eyecarrot | Vision Therapy and Eye Exercises



































































Skip to content
 




Login
Sign up








 




Vision Therapy & Eye Exercises Software
Introducing BinoviTM from Eyecarrot — a revolutionary system to advance human vision performance and help treat Learning Disabilities, Amblyopia, Strabismus, and Convergence Insufficiency issues.










For People
Your vision therapy plan in the palm of your hand, synced with your vision care team.
Learn More



For Professionals
Your collaborative care platform to help patients make the most out of their vision therapy sessions.
Learn More



The Bigger Picture
Come join us and help the world to see better with vision therapy.
Learn More








BinoviTM Coach
Binovi Coach keeps patients engaged, motivated and informed with vision therapy outside of your clinic or practice.


BinoviTM Pro
Binovi Pro saves you time and money, while enhancing patient care to help grow your vision therapy business.


BinoviTM Admin
Binovi Admin makes it easy to upload your own vision therapy and eye exercises videos, customize instructions and tailor your settings.




Stay Informed


Sign up for Binovi







BinoviTM Coach
Binovi Coach keeps patients engaged, motivated and informed with vision therapy outside of your clinic or practice.
Stay Informed



BinoviTM Pro
Binovi Pro saves you time and money, while enhancing patient care to help grow your vision therapy business.



BinoviTM Admin
Binovi Admin makes it easy to upload your own vision therapy and eye exercises videos, customize instructions and tailor your settings.
Sign up for Binovi














Say hello to the new Binovi Saccadic
The new Binovi Saccadic is here, completely re-designed from the inside out.
Learn More






BinoviTM Benefits

Communication
Patients stay up to date on their vision therapy plan, appointments and educational information all via in-app notifications and reminders.


Data
Using input from patients’ smartphones or tablets our application records patient reported outcomes, satisfaction data, and engagement.


Tracking
Clinic staff can track patient progress, receive alerts about potential issues, and adjust care or appointments accordingly.


Analysis
Outcome results, compliance data, patient status, and other data can be accessed by doctors and clinic staff for review and action.





Where BinoviTM Is Used




Education & Learning





Concussion & Traumatic Brain Injury





Sports Performance








Healthy Aging





Fitness





Speciality Medicine







Who We Help






Education & Learning
Enhance visual processing skills for better school performance and improved attention







Concussion
Rehabilitate concentration, peripheral attention, coordination, and management of 3D vision post-concussions for all ages.









Sports Performance
Drive Elite Athletes, professionals, and Amateurs to excel through improved coordination, peripheral awareness and reaction time.







Healthy Aging
Promote quality of life by addressing vision performance issues related to aging.









Fitness
Maximize activity and training outcomes by integrating vision and motor performance







Speciality Medicine
Collaborative care to support Chiropractors, Physical Therapists, Occupational Therapists, and more.








News & Blog








Blog 



How Big Data is Saving Lives


If you want to learn how investments in big data are changing the world for the better, there’s no better place to start than in healthcare. Massive amounts of medical data are generated each day, from patient records to academic research. A single patient generates 400 gigabytes worth of digital health records in their lifetime. […]













Blog 



What You Need to Know About the Cost of ADHD Misdiagnosis


The only thing worse than a costly medical bill is an unnecessary medical bill. Just ask any family who has experienced an incorrect adhd diagnosis. It won’t be difficult to find one. In fact, 54% of children diagnosed with adhd do not have the disorder1. That’s a lot of wasted resources – tax dollars, insurance […]













Blog 



ADHD Diagnosis: Hurting Patients or Helping Doctors?


We’ve all heard of ADHD. A prevalent mental disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder has become increasingly common in classrooms and workplaces.






 




Top









×

Get the Eyecarrot Newsletter


Join us and help the world see better! Subscribe to our Perspectives newsletter where our team of experts curates the best insights on how vision, learning, sports, and healthy aging are all connected.














×

Terms of Service














×

Privacy Policy







































Eyecarrot Innovations Corp. (EYC:CA) Market Data & News - Equities.com






















































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  ​Time for Convertible Securities?                





                  ​Working with 9 Types of Global Influencers                





                  Automation in Forex Trading: Good or Bad?                





                  Real Estate Crowdfunding: When Things Go Badly                





                  ​EU Yields Are in Bizarro World                











US/Global
Canada
















Companies




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































Eyecarrot Innovations Corp.
(EYC:CA)


 Follow






x close



                            By  |
                            












Profile
Eyecarrot Innovations Corp provides IT solutions to eye care practitioners to measure and enhance oculomotor sensory performance.
Contact Information


Website:
www.eyecarrot.com


Email:
adam.cegielski@me.com


Main Phone:
+1 604 630-3838


Address:
400A - 345 Lakeshore Road East


Address 2:
Suite 800


State:
ON


City / Town:
Oakville


Country:
CAN


Postal Code:
L6J 1J5


Issuer Information


Exchange:
 CDX 



NAICS:
Other Computer R








                          $ 0.15                        


                                                    $ -0.015
                                                    (-9.09%)
                        








1D
5D
10D
1Mo
3Mo
6Mo
1Y
2Y
Max





Last Price
											0.15										

Change $
											-0.015										

Change %
											-9.09										

Tick
											N/A
										



Bid
											0.13										

Bid Size
											3,000.00										

Ask
											0.15										

Ask Size
											27,000.00										



Open
											0.17										

High
											0.17										

Low
											0.15										

Prev Close
											0.17										



Last Trade
Jul/28 - 12:17


Volume
											15,000										

52 Wk Hi
											0.30										

52 Wk Low
											0.12										



Market Cap
											9.3 mi										

Ex-Div Date
																							N/A
																					

Div Rate
											N/A										

Yield
											N/A										



Shares
											62,311,632.00										

EPS (TTM)
											-0.10										

PE Ratio
											N/A										

Exchange
											TSXV										












News




                                                Eyecarrot Appoints Dr. Leonard Press as Director of Global Education                                            


June 14, 2017 - 09:15





                                                Eyecarrot Innovations Common Shares Trade on the OTCQB under the Symbol EYCCF                                            


June 08, 2017 - 09:15





                                                Eyecarrot Announces Release of Binovi (tm) Platform for Vision Performance                                            


May 25, 2017 - 09:15





                                                Eyecarrot Awarded Funding From The Government Of Canada To Commercialize Its Innovative Binovi Saccadic Fixator                                            


February 17, 2017 - 09:00







                                                        Equities Q&A with CEO of Eyecarrot Innovations Corp (EYC), Adam Cegielski

January 19, 2017 - 08:59












                                                Eyecarrot Signs Partnership Agreement With Dr. Robert Sanet                                            


January 17, 2017 - 07:00





                                                Dr. Sam Mithani Joins Eyecarrot as Chief Technology Officer And Director                                            


December 15, 2016 - 09:00




Popular Tweets




 Fetching...


No one is talking about this yet.




 







×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now




 
  
 







Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 
















































Eyecarrot Innovations Corp (EYC.V)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Eyecarrot Innovations Corp (EYC.V)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareAdvanced Medical Equipment & Technology












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				EYC.V on TSX Venture Exchange


				0.17CAD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.17


Open

$0.17




Day's High

$0.17


Day's Low

$0.17




Volume

10,000


Avg. Vol

26,601




52-wk High

$0.30


52-wk Low

$0.12












					Full Description



		Eyecarrot Innovations Corp, formerly Nanton Nickel Corp, is a Canada-based development-stage company and is in the early-stages of developing its products and services. It is focused on the development and commercialization of visual and neuro-cognitive processing products. It provides Binovi, a platform that integrates software, hardware, data, and the knowledge and insights of vision care professionals. It is building the Binovi Cloud, a universal system for testing and measuring a human's oculomotor sensory system, and connects patients, vision care practices and vision performance centers on a common data and technology platform. With its Binovi Pro, professionals can design and manage personalized oculomotor training plans for their patients with drag-and-drop functionality. Its Binovi Coach enables patients to manage and track their progress on the personalized plan from their home using their own smartphones.
» Full Overview of EYC.V







					Company Address



Eyecarrot Innovations Corp
482 South Service Rd E Unit 119OAKVILLE   ON   L6J 2X6
P: +1604.6303838F: +1604.6884675







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Adam Cegielski

21,400




							 Anthony Jackson

16,474




							 Sam Mithani

--




							 Patrick Quaid

--




							 John Flanagan

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Eyecarrot Innovations Corp News




» More EYC.V  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareAdvanced Medical Equipment & Technology




















