



The Wonderful World Of Charles Fabrikant - Business Insider






























 





 




































































































Markets























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








The Wonderful World Of Charles Fabrikant







The Daily Reckoning, The Daily Reckoning













Dec. 21, 2010,  4:59 PM



2,492




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 















        The Daily Reckoning










          The Daily Reckoning features Entertaining Ideas on
          the Economy, Markets, Gold, Oil and Investing Strategies
        

          Recent Posts
        



            The Undiscovered and Lucrative “DTA” Trade



            The Coxeyites, the Bankers, and the Political Class



            Gold…Buy the Dips!










  A little nugget every investor learns eventually: Talented people
  create wealth. And talent is an asset that never really goes into
  a bear market. It’s always valuable...as the long-term investment
  performance of SEACOR Holdings (NYSE:CKH, $104.30) demonstrates very
  clearly.


  A couple of months ago, when CKH was trading in the mid-$80s, I
  recommended the stock to the subscribers of Capital & Crisis.
  My reasoning was very simple: SEACOR Holdings is a great company
  that’s run by a very talented investor...and its stock was quite
  cheap. The stock isn’t as cheap anymore (it is up about 45% since
  my recommendation, after taking into account the special $15
  dividend), but SEACOR is still a great company that’s still run
  by a very talented investor.


  His name is Charles Fabrikant and he has compounded capital at a
  15% clip since 1992. The S&P 500, by contrast, has delivered
  5.6%. He also pens as good as an annual letter as one will find
  on either side of the Mississippi.


  But let’s start at the beginning, about 20 years ago. Fabrikant
  was one of a group of investors looking to buy a shipping
  business. They took over NICOR Marine and adopted the name SEACOR
  “primarily because it was less costly to paint over two letters
  than the entire name,” Fabrikant writes. SEACOR soon spread into
  a variety of businesses out of “a conviction that if opportunity
  knocks, we should open the door.”


  Today SEACOR owns and operates barges, tankers, work boats and
  helicopters. About half of the business is the legacy offshore
  marine services business. This division mainly serves the
  offshore oil and gas industry. The other businesses do all kinds
  of things. SEACOR’s helicopters work in oil and gas, medical
  emergencies, firefighting and much more. Its cargo ships support
  US inland waterways. Its boats also work in environmental
  cleanups, such as the mess in the Gulf of Mexico. These are a few
  of SEACOR’s profitable hobbies.


  What SEACOR really is, though, is an opportunistic asset manager.
  Fabrikant says SEACOR “is not just a boat company or an energy
  service company. Our asset base is diverse and our horizon is
  broader than simply owning and operating equipment. We are a
  custodian of capital, and our mission is to use our expertise and
  knowledge to make money.”


  In short, SEACOR is a “go anywhere” investor. Just in the last
  handful of years, SEACOR has established ventures in Argentina to
  operate barges and ships, in Brazil to operate helicopters and in
  China to sell business jets and helicopters.


  Fabrikant is also adamant about having a diverse collection of
  businesses. “I realize that some investors may not like mixed
  drinks,” he writes, “but this philosophy of diversity is core to
  our business strategy.” It’s served SEACOR well. It has never –
  not even once – reported a loss for any year in its history.


  Fabrikant also lays out many wise nuggets in his letters. I wish
  more corporate executives thought like he does – and were also
  owners of the enterprises they manage.


  “Capital, like assets, needs to be deployed and priced to
  replacement cost.” Fabrikant deals in tangible assets and thinks
  in terms of “replacement cost.” This kind of analysis asks, “What
  does it cost to build an asset from scratch?” By this way of
  thinking, an asset is cheap only if you can buy it for less than
  you can build it. A man who thinks this way will not lose money
  over his career.





  And so Fabrikant does not automatically employ SEACOR’s cash flow
  toward new boats, helicopters and the like. In recent years, he’s
  bought back a lot of stock. This year alone, SEACOR bought back
  1.6 million shares at about $74 per share. Since 2007, he’s
  retired 18% of the shares. When SEACOR’s stock price is below
  book, Fabrikant is a buyer.


  “We manage for long-term appreciation in book value, not
  year-to-year earnings.” I love it. Fabrikant doesn’t play to Wall
  Street. It’s probably why only one analyst – from Barclays –
  covers the stock.


  As long as you can buy the stock below book value, I think you’re
  getting a good deal. Current book value is $90 per share. That
  book value is firm. SEACOR depreciates its assets more quickly
  than industry peers. SEACOR has also demonstrated an ability to
  sell assets for more than book value. And anyway, as long as
  Fabrikant can continue to do what he has done since 1992 – which
  is compound book value at a 15% clip – then this should prove a
  nice long-term investment.


  You can play around with numbers and see how this might look in
  three years. If book value continues to compound at 15% a year
  for the next three years, then book value per share will be $137.
  Even a modest 20% premium to book would take the stock to $165
  per share.


  Importantly, the executives and directors own 9% of the company.
  Fabrikant is the largest shareholder among these, with 5%. So his
  interests are aligned directly with the common shareholder.


  Everyone’s portfolio should have some room for a steady grinder
  like SEACOR. You can’t own only the rabbits. Well, you could, but
  you’d need a lot of antacid. SEACOR is a sleep-well-at-night
  investment.


  Regards,

Chris Mayer
  for The Daily
  Reckoning

The Wonderful World of Charles
  Fabrikant originally appeared in the Daily
  Reckoning. The Daily Reckoning, offers a uniquely refreshing,
  perspective on the global economy, investing, gold, stocks and
  today's markets. Its been called "the most entertaining read of
  the day."


Read the original article on The Daily Reckoning.  Copyright 2010. 
More from The Daily Reckoning:



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























The Wonderful World Of Charles Fabrikant
The Wonderful World Of Charles Fabrikant

Talented people  create wealth. And talent is an asset that never really goes into a bear  market. It’s always valuable...as the long-term investment performance  of SEACOR Holdings (NYSE:CKH, $104.30) demonstrates very clearly.




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Markets Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 














































 






Charles Fabrikant Has Built Seacor Holdings Into a Major Operator  - Barron's







































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




		Feature
	
Betting on the Buffett of Barges
Charles Fabrikant has built Seacor Holdings into a major operator of work boats—and a consistent friend of investors. How he's catching the wave as Gulf drilling picks up.


 







By

Christopher C. Williams

 Biography




 




March 23, 2013


To Charles Fabrikant, business is all about capital allocation—how to mix and match assets and when to buy and sell. Even the paint used on his company's many vessels is subject to his cost-conscious eye. That became clear 24 years ago when Fabrikant bought a small shipping outfit called Nicor and set out to give it a more nautical name. He hit on Seacor, he has said, "primarily because it was less costly to paint over two letters than the entire name."   Seacor Holdings (ticker: CKH) has since become a major...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Boeing: Capitulation Time Again


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 





















﻿






Charles Fabrikant's 1Q15 Letter To Seacor Holdings Stockholders















































































 
























Charles Fabrikant’s 1Q15 Letter To Seacor Holdings Stockholders

By VW Staff
on April 25, 2015 12:49 pm
in Value Investing 






ShareTweetPin ItSubmit


Charles Fabrikant letter to Seacor Holdings stockholders for the first quarter ended March 31st, 2015.
H/T Value Investing World
Dear Fellow Stockholder,
The Year In Review: Financial Highlights
SEACOR Holdings Inc. (“SEACOR”) produced $100.1 million of profit, a 7.1% return on stockholders’ equity of $1,400.9 million, and $4.71 diluted earnings per share. This compares with last year’s profit of $47.2 million, a 3.6% return on stockholders’ equity of $1,295.4 million (adjusted for the spin-off of Era), and $2.32 diluted earnings per share.
In 2014, SEACOR “pocketed” (earned) $248.6 million from its share of income before depreciation, amortization (including net deferred gains from sales of equipment), and deferred taxes. This $248.6 million accounts for cash interest payments and taxes currently owed.2 We subscribe to the old-fashioned precept that “cash is king” (even in a world in which it earns almost nothing in the bank).
A highlight of the year was teaming up with Avista Capital Partners (“Avista”), a private equity fund, to create SEA-Vista. Avista invested approximately $150 million of cash for a 49% non-controlling interest in our seven U.S.-flag Jones Act tankers (four owned and three leased), and newbuild contracts for three U.S.-flag product tankers. We also committed to building a chemical-petroleum articulated tug-barge (“ATB”), adding an additional $94.3 million to capital expenditures for the shipping group. At year-end our forward capital expenditures totaled $505.8 million for all our business units.

SEACOR Holdings – 25-Year Perspective
SEACOR marked its 25th year in business this past December. The SEACOR of today is an evolution of an opportunistic “leveraged buyout” of a local Gulf of Mexico business that operated supply vessels in the United States, and a few small tenders in Nigeria. Conditions in the oil patch were difficult, and the outlook then, not unlike that of today, was uncertain and sentiment negative. The industry had plunged into an abyss in 1982-1983, and there was no “APP” for calculating how long it would take to climb out. The offshore vessel sector was struggling with significant excess capacity. Eager investors, subsidized by tax incentives and captivated by a good “story,” and ambitious operators, desirous of expanding their fleets, had binged on work boats anticipating a surge in activity following the commercialization of North Sea oil, and the deregulation of natural gas prices in the United States, and a multifold increase in the oil price in the wake of the regime change in Iran. Even interest rates ranging from 12-20% failed to deter investment!

From 1989-1996, SEACOR’s best opportunities were to buy secondhand offshore vessels via discrete equipment purchases, or, in bulk, via corporate acquisitions. The latter added value by producing operational efficiencies. SEACOR was an “early mover” in the consolidation of the industry. Five transactions were key in consolidating the standby safety sector in the North Sea, and the offshore vessel markets in West Africa and the Gulf of Mexico. They also transformed SEACOR into a global business with a diverse fleet.

In the late 1990s, daylight arrived, and the sun warmed up the oil patch. By 1998 opportunities for consolidating combinations and purchases of secondhand assets at compelling prices had become scarce. Offshore vessels were starting to earn money. Investors took notice. “Bulking up” became “trendy,” and prices for secondhand assets improved. SEACOR reversed its strategy, shed secondhand assets, and focused its efforts on designing and building next generation equipment to meet the push into deeper waters and more distant frontiers.
We also used some of the proceeds of our sales and our profits to embark on a path of diversification. Redirecting capital into asset classes other than conventional offshore vessels struck us as more productive than marking time until values for boats fell to attractive levels.
Our first excursion involved building jack-up drilling rigs. Investments in dry-cargo barges and helicopters, both depressed asset classes, soon followed. During the last 16 years, in addition to helicopters, barges, and rigs, SEACOR has invested in international dry cargo ships, aviation services, an alcohol production facility, oil storage terminal, grain elevators, a technology concept that was a first mover in providing email service to ships and offshore vessels (not a winner!), a specialized emergency response service, and public equities and debt as surrogates for assets. We have also run a specialized leasing business that has financed disparate assets such as coal washing plants, oxygen tanks for hospitals, and reconnaissance aircraft used on missions above my clearance. I wish I could say all of these investments were successful. Of course, I cannot. Some have produced, at best, mediocre returns and some resulted in losses. Fortunately, some have also produced outstanding returns. For several the jury is still out. The verdict will be rendered when the assets are sold or scrapped.
SEACOR today has four main business segments: Offshore Marine Services, Inland River Services, Shipping Services, and Illinois Corn Processing, an alcohol production facility. Their activities are described in our 2014 10-K and were also narrated in last year’s letter to stockholders.

See full letter below.






Tags: CKH corporate acquisitions dry-cargo barges leveraged buyout Nigeria SEA-Vista Seacor Holdings







Load Comments












 Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com
 

 



Latest News From ValueWalkThey literally make The Money. And they control its distributionThe Three Best Tips For Saving A Fortune On Flights – From A Guy Traveling 250+ Days A YearHere’s Why Pat Dorsey Would Like The Acquirer’s MultipleThis Is Not Your Grandfather’s AT&T 



































Charles Fabrikant, Seacor Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Charles Fabrikant

Chairman/Pres/CEO/Founder,
Seacor Holdings Inc






Career History




Chairman/Pres/CEO/Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 2/2015-PRESENT


Founder
Seacor Smit Inc, 3/2004-PRESENT


President
Fabrikant Intl Corp, PRESENT


Chairman/Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 9/2010-2/2015


Chairman/President/CEO
Era Group Inc, 10/2011-4/2012


Chairman/President/CEO/Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 3/2004-9/2010


Chairman/President/CEO
Seacor Smit Inc, 5/1997-3/2004


Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 5/1997-3/2004


Chairman
Chiles Offshore Inc, 8/1997-8/2002


Chairman/President/CEO/Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 10/1992-5/1997


Chairman/President/CEO/Founder
Seacor Holdings Inc, 12/1989-10/1992


Show More









Website:
www.seacorholdings.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2200 Eller Drive
PO Box 13038
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316
United States


Phone:
1-954-523-2200


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.seacorholdings.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Columbia Law School
Graduated


President & Fellows of Harvard College
Graduated








Memberships



Board Memberships




MC Shipping Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Hawker Pacific Airservices Ltd


Board Member, PRESENT




Seacor Marine Holdings Inc


Chairman, PRESENT




Era Group Inc


Chairman, 7/2011-PRESENT




Seacor Holdings Inc


Chairman, 9/2010-PRESENT




Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc


Board Member, 1/2004-PRESENT




Dorian Lpg Ltd


Board Member, 7/2013-5/2015




Seacor Smit Inc


Chairman, 5/1997-3/2004




Chiles Offshore Inc


Chairman, 8/1997-8/2002




Seacor Holdings Inc


Chairman, 12/1989-5/1997




Globe Wireless Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Seacor Holdings Inc


Chairman, 3/2004-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Charles L. Fabrikant - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Charles L. Fabrikant
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Seacor Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Charles L. Fabrikant? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Charles L. Fabrikant's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Charles L. Fabrikant's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Charles L. Fabrikant's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Charles L. Fabrikant through your network of contacts.
												








Charles L. Fabrikant's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Seacor Holdings Inc.


Dir., Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Era Group Inc.


Board Member, 
Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.


Past
To view Charles L. Fabrikant's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


Columbia University


Harvard University


Age
72

 
 


Charles L. Fabrikant's Biography



Charles Fabrikant is Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and has been a director of the Company and several of its subsidiaries since the Company's inception in 1989. Mr. Fabrikant has served as a director and member of the Audit Committee of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc., a contract oil and gas driller, since January 2004. Mr. Fabrikant serves as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company's former aviation division, Era Group Inc. ("Era Group"), an international helicopter operator providing transportation services to the offshore drilling industry. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Era Group  ...
(Read More)

			Charles Fabrikant is Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and has been a director of the Company and several of its subsidiaries since the Company's inception in 1989. Mr. Fabrikant has served as a director and member of the Audit Committee of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc., a contract oil and gas driller, since January 2004. Mr. Fabrikant serves as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company's former aviation division, Era Group Inc. ("Era Group"), an international helicopter operator providing transportation services to the offshore drilling industry. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Era Group from October 2011 through April 2012 and as a Director of Dorian LPG Ltd., a liquefied petroleum gas shipping company and leading owner and operator of modern Very Large Gas Carriers ("VLGCs"), from July 2013 through December 2015. Mr. Fabrikant is also a Director of Hawker Pacific Airservices, Limited, an aviation sales and product support company and President of Fabrikant International Corporation ("FIC"), a privately owned corporation engaged in marine investments. FIC may be deemed an affiliate of the Company. Mr. Fabrikant is a graduate of Columbia University School of Law and Harvard University.  With over 30 years experience in the maritime, transportation, investment and environmental industries and given his position as the founder and former President and current Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Fabrikant's broad experience and deep understanding of the Company make him uniquely qualified to serve as a director.
		
Source: Seacor Holdings Inc. on 05/01/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Charles L. Fabrikant's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Charles L. Fabrikant. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Charles L. Fabrikant's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Charles L. Fabrikant's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Charles L. Fabrikant through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Charles L. Fabrikant


















Charles L. Fabrikant's Connections (88)





Sign up now to view Charles L. Fabrikant's 88 connections »









David L. Roland
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.









William E. Chiles
Board Member, Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.









Steven A. Webster
Board Member, Camden Property Trust









Alan R. Batkin
Board Member, Cantel Medical Corp.









John C. Hadjipateras
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dorian LPG Ltd.









Andrew H. Tisch
Co-Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Member, Office of the President, Loews Corporation









Anna M. Goss
Former Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, Era Group Inc.









Stuart Stavley
Senior Vice President, Operations and Fleet Management, Era Group Inc.









Sten L. Gustafson
Former Consultant, Era Group Inc.









Pierre de Demandolx
Board Member, Seacor Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















From Boom to Bust and Back, Charles Fabrikant Discusses the Modern Shipping Industry – gCaptain























































































gCaptainMaritime News 









From Boom to Bust and Back, Charles Fabrikant Discusses the Modern Shipping Industry
June 25, 2012 by gCaptain Charles Fabrikant, Executive Chairman, Seacor Holdings, image: Marine Money
Charles Fabrikant, Executive Chairman of Seacor Holdings discusses the ups and downs of the shipping industry during the past 40 years at Marine Money 2012 in New York City.
Many would say that one of the lessons of history is we do not learn. The opposite view, however, is that put forward by a friend with whom I recently had dinner.
I asked what accounted for his extraordinary success. In characteristic, laconic style he mumbled, “good decisions.”
Hungry for insight, I pressed him, asking how he came to have made so many good decisions during his career.
Again, with typical brevity he answered, “experience.”
Of course I was eager to know how one gets relevant experience, so I persisted, and posed the obvious question.
The rejoinder was both somber and sobering, “bad decisions.”
Most of you are familiar with the standard exculpatory catch-all invoked in documents promulgated by public companies, ring fencing “forward looking statements.” I need to exonerate my memory, so I will claim my rights as a senior citizen and request any lapse in recollection, mistakes in recounted details, or revisionist history about the shipping business or my career not be held against me.
All of us in this room know that shipping is, “a cycle.” we also know that booms end and busts do not persist forever.  During my almost 40 years in the shipping business there have been three turbo-charged cycles.
The 1967 hostilities in the Middle East had caused a boom in shipping but by the time I became involved in our family business in December 1972, freight rates had receded. Handysize tankers were fetching world scale 90-100, slightly above running costs, then about $800 per day for operations based in Greece.
I had bagged ws 95 for a cross-Med voyage, pretty good for a reformed lawyer.
My immersion course began two months later. In mid-February 1973, rates jumped 15% overnight.  This was a dramatic lesson in cause and effect, and the impact of relative currency values on prices of commodities and ships.
In February 1973, the era of fixed exchange rates ended. Commodity prices and ship values were cut loose from the firm mooring that had tied them to the US dollar.  Of course market dynamics, supply of vessels relative to demand, are the primary drivers of freight rates and ship values. However, currencies are an ever-present backdrop.
By September 1973, tanker rates had soared to unprecedented levels. Prices of vessels had climbed five fold. A second-hand 90,000 ton vessel, the Jeanine – a five or six-year-old turbine tanker, was making the rounds in February 1972 for about $5.5 million. It changed hands in September or October 1973 for about $25.0 million. Parenthetically this increase in value was almost as meteoric as the seven-fold increase in second-hand values that occurred during World War I from 1914-1918.
One and two-year old vessels were commanding prices higher than the cost of new construction, and of course the price for new vessels was climbing.
Another lesson: Beware of inverted yield curves. In shipping, as in financial markets, an inverted yield curve flashes an amber light.
In October of 1973 I attended a conference hosted by Chase Bank, then a major lender to the shipping industry…
Respected commentators, and Chase’s Chief Shipping Economist, were forecasting a shortage of tankers. This forecast was delivered with charts and graphs and firm conviction. The firm conviction dismissed the order book that had grown steadily since 1971, and perhaps more significantly a much higher price for oil than anticipated when the orders were placed.
The prevailing wisdom of 1973 was US oil imports would continue to grow geometrically and the shortfall for our refineries would be satisfied by crude oil making the 30 plus day voyage from the Middle East.
Of course the future proved otherwise.  By 1976, tankers dotted the harbor in Piraeus and were parked in the Norwegian fjords.
High oil prices took their toll on the US and global economy.  Inflation was accelerating, but ship prices were plummeting.
To make matters worse for tanker owners, Mexico, Alaska, and the North Sea altered the ton-mile equation. The nail in the coffin was the imposition of mileage standards for new cars, whose impact hit the market in the 1980’s. And for those who may not remember these regulations were sponsored by a Republican administration.
Except for the brief boomlet caused by the turmoil in Iran – sadly also the impetus for additional orders for tankers – that sector from 1974-1988 was a barren desert. In 1988 a gradual market recovery got underway.
The second turbocharged shipping market during my career was the dry cargo boom of the late 1970’s. Charter rates for bulk carriers in 1977 were barely above breakeven.
From 1978-1981 time charter rates tripled. Since rates were barely above breakeven at the trough, operating profit increased parabolically.
As always, ship values followed.
What factors gave rise to this bounty?
Port congestion in Nigeria, which was spending dollars coming from the oil boom, failed crops in Russia, a surging economy in Japan, and a weakening US dollar.
Commodity prices climbed. Hoarding and accumulating inventory vacuumed ships from the spot market.  The prestigious magazine, Foreign Affairs, ran an article with the catchy title “Green Gold.”
Optimists were predicting that China’s swelling population would consume more protein, necessitating more grain to feed livestock. Pessimists were predicting that the Soviet Union would forever be doomed to poor harvests because of problematic weather and farmers who were unmotivated by the collective system of agriculture.
Of course history again played a cruel trick.
The dry cargo fleet had expanded in the latter part of the 1970’s, in part based on orders by Japanese industrial companies placed to service the export juggernaut, in part because owners converted orders for tankers to dry cargo, attempting to salvage value from deposits placed earlier in the decade for hulls that would deliver into a poor market.
As with tankers in the 1970’s, there was a follow-on blow. The early 1980’s introduced new fuel-efficient diesel engines.
Korea also made its debut on the ship building scene in the late 1970’s. 38,000 deadweight product carriers were offered for slightly over $30 million dollars, quite expensive when compared to today’s prices for larger vessels of the same class.
The 1980’s, as most everyone knows, were the dark age of shipping. Not only did freight rates languish but prices for assets were punished by rising interest rates and competition from new building.
For those who may think that ships are a fortress of value in times of inflation, I suggest think again. Although rising interest rates are usually a precursor or coincident factor in improving economic activity, and demand for freight, they are also competition for capital. I can think of no worse investment than an asset that lacks pricing power to increase its current income production at a time of accelerating inflation that is causing interest rates to climb.
The third meteoric rise in shipping rates and ship values, and the longest sustained period of good times in my life was the boom that began in the first half of the last decade and crested in 2008. Shipping enjoyed the perfect storm.
During the dark ages shipyards had closed. By the late 1990’s most European shipyards had closed their doors, except for those building offshore vessels. In 1998-1999 the financial meltdown in Asia inflated the value of the U.S. dollar and shipyard prices reflected levels not seen in quite some number of years.
The economies of Asia recovered, led by China which was devouring raw materials, particularly coal and iron ore.
After the shock of 9/11 the dollar began a multi-year descent to lower valuations relative to all the major currencies that were not pegged to it, the Yen, the Euro, the Won, even the RMB.
Immediately prior to the 2008 financial meltdown, it took 1.6 dollars to buy one Euro. Dollar interest rates, suppressed for many years because of the long-term capital crisis, the millennium scare and 9/11 tragedy, had started to climb, although at a modest pace compared to the 1970’s.
I won’t review the history of the last five years. I doubt there are many in this room who are so new to the industry that the period from 2008-2011 would be other than current events.
Of course opportunity is about the future, and the past is history.
I have questions, but, sadly, no answers.
What will be the impact of shale oil production and apparent increasing supply of natural gas on crude oil demand and product movements? Can these phenomena, yet to be confirmed as long-term factors, influence total demand and the ton mile equation?
What is the impact of the global “green” movement? America is ratcheting up mileage standards. Moreover, a gallon of gasoline pumped into our cars is typically only 90 percent petroleum-based.
What will be the impact of a bigger Panama canal? In my career the Suez canal was the wild card; would it be open or closed? The obvious impact of the new Panama canal configuration is on container movements, but could it be a factor in the coal or iron ore trades?
Is iron ore the petroleum story of the current decade? Its price rise is not unlike that of oil in the 1970’s and the Brazilian-Australian oligopoly is reminiscent of OPEC’s tight control over-supply until new sources of oil started to be economical thanks to the higher price and new technology.
Could Venezuelan ore and Colombian coal, transiting an enlarged canal, be the equivalent of the new sources of crude oil in the 1970’s that reduced ton miles?
Could the tonnage of iron ore and coal required to build out China and India prove less than expected due to progress in metallurgy?
Are the Capes of today the VLCCs of the 1970’s  Cheap in comparison to peak prices, but condemned to a long period of oversupply?
Those who purchased ships in the dog days of 1984 suffered with poor freight markets, but by 1988 picked up a tailwind of declining interest rates.
Do today’s speculators face a headwind of increasing interest rates that will partially negate benefits to asset values from earnings coming from improving freight markets?
Could the combination of excess shipbuilding capacity with a stable or stronger dollar, the lure of improved fuel economy, and desire to meet new regulations cause more tonnage to crowd into markets that are already suffering from overcapacity?
Finally, how will higher interest rates, at some time inevitable, influence relative ship values? Will savings in fuel be worth less as a present value discounted by interest rates that are higher than inflation? Will middle age vessels be more attractive than newer and more costly ships that have to carry the burden of higher interest rates?
I wish I had answers to the foregoing questions. After 40 years in this fascinating business I tend to revert to paraphrasing a fairly well-known remark by a former justice of the US Supreme Court who was struggling with the definition of pornography:
“I don’t know the answers now, but I hope I know them when I see them.”
 About gCaptaingCaptain is the top-visited maritime and offshore industry news site in the world. Since 2007, gCaptain has proven to be a highly effective platform for information sharing and a source for up-to-date and relevant news for industry professionals worldwide.
 




  Now Open!


Sponsored Post
Marine Accidents: The importance of effective investigators
  Featured
Call Me Captain! (or not)WATCH: Video Shows U.S. Navy Vessel Fire Warning Shots at Iranian VesselPrelude FLNG, the Biggest Offshore Structure Ever Built, Arrives in AustraliaMovie Review – Nolan’s “Dunkirk,” Immersive Tour de Force, Incongruous Muddle, or Both?How Are T-Shirts Relevant To Maritime News? The Inside Story Behind Shop gCaptain
 




  Video
WATCH Lessons In Leadership From A Ship CookWATCH: Canada’s New Shipping ShortcutIncident Video: Ferry Slams Into Pier in Santo Domingo
  Latest News
Owners of Modern VLCCs Could See Rates Blip in Market Under PressureU.S. Coal Exports Soar Under President TrumpFrustrated Shippers Say No End in Site to Barge Congestion at Northern European Ports
 




  Subscribe
 Click HERE for gCaptain’s free daily newsletter.




Avatars by Sterling Adventures





















CHARLES FABRIKANT - WASHINGTON, DC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DC



WASHINGTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            CHARLES FABRIKANT
                                    



 





















C 


CHARLES FABRIKANT
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1300 19TH ST NW WASHINGTON, DC 20036
Get Directions



(202) 828-1200





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Charles Fabrikant was founded in 2010, and is located at 1300 19th St Nw in Washington. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Fabrikant, Charles - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Charles  Fabrikant
CHARLES FABRIKANT is Chairman, President & CEO of Seacor Smit Inc., the
second largest operator of offshore support and supply vessels
worldwide. Mr. Fabrikant is also Chairman and Founder of NRC Holdings,
Inc., the parent company of National Response Corporation (NRC) and the
International Response Corporation (IRC). Currently, Mr. Fabrikant is
also Chairman of the SCF Corporation, an investor in inland river
transportation equipment. Mr. Fabrikant is a counselor to the
Washington, DC-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, and
is a member of the Center’s Steering Commission guiding its Committee
for Enterprise Solutions to Environmental Problems. For over 25 years
Mr. Fabrikant has been involved in maritime and environmental affairs
for the development of environmental legislation in the US. From 1973 to
1977 he was a partner in a Washington, DC, law firm specializing in
environmental representation, and from 1971-1972 he was employed by the
United States Environmental Protection Agency. Prior to entering law
practice, he was a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice John M. Harlan.
Mr. Fabrikant is an author of numerous articles and papers. He received
an LLB at Columbia (1968, James Kent Scholar) and a BA from Harvard
(1965, cum laude).
Related Interviews:Charles Fabrikant - Seacor Smit Inc (ckh)April 30, 2001Charles Fabrikant - Seacor Smit Inc (ckh)October 23, 2000







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












