

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other



















 




	FAF, INC Trademark of FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLC. Serial Number: 87024178 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Transportation & Storage Services
FAF, INC










 
Get FREE email alerts













FAF, INC  Trademark Information
 FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLC
Transportation services and supply chain logistics and reverse logistics services, namely, pick up, storage, transportation and delivery of documents, packages, raw materials, goods, personal property, parcels, and other freight by land




Perfect for these industries

Transportation & Storage Services 





Words that describe this mark
transportation   services   supply   chain   logistics   reverse   logistics   services         pick      storage      transportation   delivery   documents      packages      raw   materials      goods      personal    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FAF, INC trademark by FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLC 
                                in Forest Park, GA, 30297.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FAF, INC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLC of the FAF, INC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FAF, INC trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, May 4, 2016,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FAF, INC by 
                        FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLC, Forest Park, GA  30297.
                        The USPTO has given the FAF, INC 
                        trademark serial  number of  87024178.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FAF, INC is 
                        
                        
                                            WILLIAM G. GILTINAN of 
                                            CARLTON FIELDS JORDEN BURT, PA,  PO BOX 3239, TAMPA, FL 33601-3239 
                                .
                            The FAF, INC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Transportation & Storage Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FAF, INC 
                            is Transportation services and supply chain logistics and reverse logistics services, namely, pick up, storage, transportation and delivery of documents, packages, raw materials, goods, personal property, parcels, and other freight by land. 
                            





Word mark:
 FAF, INC


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

4/18/2017



  Serial Number:  
87024178


  Filing Date:  
5/4/2016


 Registration Number:  
5184778 


 Registration Date:  
4/18/2017


 Goods and Services: 
Transportation services and supply chain logistics and reverse logistics services, namely, pick up, storage, transportation and delivery of documents, packages, raw materials, goods, personal property, parcels, and other freight by land


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a circle with horizontal lines through the bottom half of the circle to the left of the underlined, stylized "FAF, INC".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/31/2017


Last Applicant/Owner:

FORWARD AIR ROYALTY, LLCForest Park, GA  30297
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Incomplete circles (more than semi  -  circles) (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Circles with bars, bands and lines (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INC")


 Correspondent:


WILLIAM G. GILTINAN
CARLTON FIELDS JORDEN BURT, PA
PO BOX 3239
TAMPA, FL 33601-3239






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (039) - Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/14/2016


First Use In Commerce: 
3/14/2016





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FAF, INC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/18/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



WILLIAM G. GILTINAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FAF, INC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search fafinc on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FAF, INC 




FAF, INC is providing Transportation services and supply chain logistics and reverse logistics services, namely, pick up, storage, transportation and delivery of documents, packages, raw materials, goods, personal property, parcels, and other freight by land.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user















Faf Development Llc in Cheyenne, WY 82001 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Wyoming
» Cheyenne
» Party Planning Services
» Faf Development Llc













Faf Development Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1620 Central Ave Rm 202  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001


(507) 399-0083


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Faf Development Llc is located at the address 1620 Central Ave Rm 202 in Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001.  They can be contacted via phone at (507) 399-0083 for pricing, hours and directions.  Faf Development Llc specializes in Corporate Meetings, Rehearsal Dinners, Sympathy.  Faf Development Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Faf Development Llc provides Residential Services, Breakfasts, Event Productions to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Faf Development Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Faf Development Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Breakfast Foods
, Logos
, Hair Care Products
, Burgers
, Hair Accessories
, Salads
, Party Supplies
, Pencils
, Digital Equipment
, Advertising Balloons



SERVICES


Individual Services
, Equipment Rental
, Event Planning
, Lighting
, Internet Access
, Breakfasts
, Home Catering
, Travel Planning
, Event Productions
, Residential Services


 SPECIALTIES


Fundraisers
, Rehearsal Dinners
, Wedding Ceremonies
, Christmas
, Holidays
, Bachelor & Bachelorette Parties
, Offices
, Corporate Meetings
, Homecomings
, Sympathy



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (507) 399-0083
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 360000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Party Planning Services
Consulting Services
Professional Services
Special Occasions



People Also Viewed


Goodlife Consulting


1515 Taft Ave Apt 223  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001




Westchase Products Company Llc


2510 Warren Ave  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001




Nerthus Consulting Llc


5151 Timberline Rd  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82009




Rcmc


1740 Dell Range Blvd Ste H Cheyenne, Wyoming 82009




DETAILS AT SUITE 1901


1901 Central Ave  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001




Plains Hotel


1600 Central Ave Ste Main  Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












FAF-ACE, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    FAF-ACE, LLC











Company number L07000053130
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 061816093
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/25/2015
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/16/2007
        

Principal Address
            6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178
            


Mailing Address 6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178
        
FAF-ACE, LLC Principals

Manager
                Smith Donald L
                 


Address
                6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178
                 



Manager
                Smith Sandra J
                 


Address
                6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178
                 







Last Annual Reports

2014 4/18/2014
            

2014 4/18/2014
            

2013 1/8/2013
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name SMITH               DONALD        L (p)
        

Agent Address
                6010 NW 99 AVE, MIAMI, FL, 33178
                

FAF-ACE, LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/25/2015
            

Description
FAF-ACE, LLC has been set up 5/16/2007 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The FAF-ACE, LLC principal adress is 6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 6010 NW 99 AVE, UNIT 107, MIAMI, FL, 33178. 
The company`s registered agent is SMITH               DONALD        L 6010 NW 99 AVE, MIAMI, FL, 33178.  
The company`s management are Manager - Smith Donald L, Manager - Smith Sandra J. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/25/2015. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/18/2014.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
FAFA CUSTOMS BODY SHOP & REPAIRS LLC
FA FA FA CORPORATION
FAFA FURNITURE
FAFAGUS LLC
FAFA, INC.
FAFA INTERNATIONAL REALTY, INC.













FAF,LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    FAF,LLC











Company number L15000077435
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/1/2015
        

Principal Address
            4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, 32792
            


Mailing Address 4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792
        
FAF,LLC Principals

Manager
                Caballero Fabiola
                 


Address
                4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792
                 



A, M, B, R
                Valle Miguel A
                 


Address
                4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name FABIOLA             CABALLERO (p)
        

Agent Address
                4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792
                

FAF,LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2016
            

Description
FAF,LLC has been set up 5/1/2015 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The FAF,LLC principal adress is 4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, 32792. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792. 
The company`s registered agent is FABIOLA             CABALLERO 4788 TANGERINE AVE, WINTER PARK, FL, 32792.  
The company`s management are Manager - Caballero Fabiola, A, M, B, R - Valle Miguel A. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
F&A FLOORING LLC
FA FLOORING SERVICES, CO.
FA FLOORING SERVICES, INC.
FA FLOORING SOLUTION, INC.
F & A FLORIDA, LLC
F & A FLORIDA PAINTING, CORP.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











FAF ACCESSORIES LLC - MIAMI, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



MIAMI



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            FAF ACCESSORIES LLC
                                    



 





















F 


FAF ACCESSORIES LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2110 NW 66TH ST MIAMI, FL 33147
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $84,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Faf Accessories Llc was founded in 2008. Faf Accessories Llc specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Faf Accessories Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $84,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















FAF Developments





























































FAF Development

 








Navigation



Home
About
Practices

FAF Practices
FAF Services
Community Engagement
Agriculture
Energy & Natural Resources


Projects

All Projects
Project Map
Americas
Europe and Eurasia
Middle East and Asia
Africa


Contact
 Search










FAF Development is an international project management and business development company, providing a range of specialized services to increase our clients’ competitive advantage throughout the world.FAF capitalizes on 120 years of successfully managing its own international companies and farms, bringing an in-depth knowledge of infrastructure development, agriculture and international business to every project we implement. Our hands-on approach gives us the ability to go into and succeed in difficult remote locations. Over the years, FAF has carried out numerous assignments, ranging in scale and scope, for international agencies, multilateral and bilateral organizations and private enterprise. In delivering effective and efficient service, we rely on our teams experience and training as well as their shared vision and interest in providing superior-quality work.

















 
Community Engagement







 
Agriculture







 
Energy & Natural Resources








Some of our Previous Projects

















Market Assessment, 1988-90










Afghanistan Stabilization Initiative – South / Pomegranate Value Chain Assistance Phase I, 2010










Market Assessments










Lettuce Farming










Chile Project Development and Management, 1990-97










Market Assessments










Market Assessment










Jamaica Project Development and Management, 1987-94










United States, Latin America, Europe and Asia Project Restructure and Monitoring, 2004-06






 














Type and Press “enter” to Search





 




 














FAF – Fashion Accessories First


























 





Skip links Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
FAFFashion Accessories FirstHeader Right




Fashion Forward Solutions
Where retailers come for all their must-have fashion jewelry and merchandising solutions! 
Get in Touch
Learn More







Catherine Stein Designs
BETTER BY DESIGN
A Division of F.A.F. Inc.
Learn More






Why Work With Us?
We are passionate about fashion jewelry – it has been our focus for over 40 years. We are an industry leader – no other company has the depth of expertise in all major segments of fashion jewelry like we do. 

We combine innovative design and merchandising expertise, unsurpassed customer service with decades of execution experience. We have a reputation for collaboration, transparency and ethical conduct that has made us the go-to supplier for the world’s best known retailers.

About the Company
Our Products


Footer 

About Us
Products & Services
Culture
Catherine Stein Designs
Contact

Employee Login
Partner Login








