

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL Trademark of Fairpointe Capital, LLC. Serial Number: 85701898 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL










 
Get FREE email alerts













FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL  Trademark Information
 Fairpointe Capital, LLC
Investment advisory services; management of equity, fixed income and mutual fund investment accounts for institutions and individual clients; mutual fund investment




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services   management   equity      fixed   income   mutual   fund   investment   accounts   institutions   individual   clients   mutual   fund   investment    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark by Fairpointe Capital, LLC 
                                in Chicago, IL, 60606.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Fairpointe Capital, LLC of the FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark.
                           






On Monday, August 13, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL by 
                        Fairpointe Capital, LLC, Chicago, IL  60606.
                        The USPTO has given the FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL 
                        trademark serial  number of  85701898.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHELLE C. BURKE of 
                                            MCDERMOTT WILL & EMERY LLP,  227 W MONROE ST STE 4400, CHICAGO IL 60606-5058 
                                .
                            The FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL 
                            is Investment advisory services; management of equity, fixed income and mutual fund investment accounts for institutions and individual clients; mutual fund investment. 
                            





Word mark:
 FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

6/30/2015



  Serial Number:  
85701898


  Filing Date:  
8/13/2012


 Registration Number:  
4762657 


 Registration Date:  
6/30/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Investment advisory services; management of equity, fixed income and mutual fund investment accounts for institutions and individual clients; mutual fund investment


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/14/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Fairpointe Capital, LLCChicago, IL  60606
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL")


 Correspondent:


MICHELLE C. BURKE
MCDERMOTT WILL & EMERY LLP
227 W MONROE ST STE 4400
CHICAGO IL 60606-5058






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/1/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
3/1/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/30/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHELLE C. BURKE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search fairpointecapital on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL 




FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL is providing Investment advisory services; management of equity, fixed income and mutual fund investment accounts for institutions and individual clients; mutual fund investment.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Fairpointe Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:33 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fairpointe Capital LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fairpointe Capital LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, family offices, investment companies, pension or profit sharing plans, charitable institutions, foundations, endowments, corporations, governmental entities, registered mutual funds and trust programs. It manages separate client focused equity and balanced portfolios. The firm also acts as sub-adviser to mutual funds. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets. The firm also invests in American Depositary Receipts. It invests in stocks with market capitalization above $1 billion with a focus on mid-cap stocks. For fixed income component of its p...
Fairpointe Capital LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, family offices, investment companies, pension or profit sharing plans, charitable institutions, foundations, endowments, corporations, governmental entities, registered mutual funds and trust programs. It manages separate client focused equity and balanced portfolios. The firm also acts as sub-adviser to mutual funds. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets. The firm also invests in American Depositary Receipts. It invests in stocks with market capitalization above $1 billion with a focus on mid-cap stocks. For fixed income component of its portfolio the firm invests in corporate bonds, bond funds, and treasuries. It employs a fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach to make its investments. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research to make its investments. Fairpointe Capital LLC was founded in March, 2011 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.
Detailed Description


One North Franklin StreetSuite 3300Chicago, IL 60606United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 312-477-3300

Fax: 312-477-3400

www.fairpointecapital.com







Key Executives for Fairpointe Capital LLC




Ms. Thyra Emmy Zerhusen


      	Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Mary Louise Pierson


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robert Samuel Burnstine J.D.


      	President and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Marie Louise Lorden


      	Co-Founder and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Robert John Lukaszewicz CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fairpointe Capital LLC Key Developments

Fairpointe Capital LLC Presents at Morningstar Investment Conference - Chicago, Jun-14-2016 09:10 AM
Mar 25 16
Fairpointe Capital LLC Presents at Morningstar Investment Conference - Chicago, Jun-14-2016 09:10 AM. Venue: McCormick Place, 2301 South Lake Shore Drive, Chicago, IL 60616, United States. Speakers: Thyra Emmy Zerhusen, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fairpointe Capital LLC, please visit www.fairpointecapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fairpointe Capital LLC                                                                                                   - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Fairpointe Capital LLC
                                    



 





















F 


Fairpointe Capital LLC                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 N FRANKLIN ST STE 3300 CHICAGO, IL 60606
Get Directions



(312) 477-3300
www.fairpointecapital.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $6,394,964.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Thyra Zerhusen                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fairpointe Capital Llc                                                                                                   is located at 1 N Franklin St Ste 3300 in Chicago and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2011. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



































 



 Aston Launches ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund 
         










    










 






 











 









Aston Launches ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund

		  Managed by Current Aston Subadviser Fairpointe Capital LLC
		

Jan 07, 2015, 09:10 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Aston Asset Management, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


CHICAGO, Jan. 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Aston Asset Management, LLC (Aston) announced that it has launched the ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund (AFPTX: Class N / AFFEX: Class I). The Fund opened to investors on December 24, 2014.
Aston will act as the investment adviser to the Fund while Chicago-based Fairpointe Capital LLC (Fairpointe) will act as subadviser, responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund. The firm is also the subadviser to the ASTON/Fairpointe Mid Cap Fund (CHTTX/ABMIX).
"We have enjoyed a long and successful relationship with Fairpointe," said Stuart D. Bilton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aston. "We are delighted to have opened the ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund, which is managed by lead portfolio manager Robert Burnstine."
The ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund seeks long-term total return through capital appreciation, employing a fundamental, bottom-up, valuation-based approach to investing.
The Fund is managed by Robert S. Burnstine, lead portfolio manager; Thyra E. Zerhusen will act as co-portfolio manager. Mr. Burnstine is a co-founder of Fairpointe Capital and serves as President of the firm. He has over twenty years of investment experience and is the lead portfolio manager of Fairpointe's focused equity strategy. Ms. Zerhusen is the principal founder of Fairpointe Capital, and is Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the firm. She also serves as lead portfolio manager for the mid-cap strategy.
"Our focused equity strategy is characterized by a long-term investment horizon, a high-conviction concentrated portfolio, a focus on purchasing securities at a significant discount to fair value, and a willingness to hold positions through volatile markets," said Mr. Burnstine. "We are pleased to be offering our strategy to Aston's investors through the new Fund."
"Fairpointe has a well-established, favorable association with Aston," added Ms. Zerhusen. "We are very happy to be expanding our relationship through the ASTON/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund." 
To request more information, please contact Tony Kono at 973-850-7323 or tkono@jcprinc.com. 
About Aston Asset Management, LLC
Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, Aston provides investment management services to the mutual fund and managed accounts markets by carefully selecting, monitoring and marketing experienced boutique investment managers, who seek to achieve consistent investment performance using disciplined investment processes and best-in-class business standards. From the initial due diligence on an investment manager to the launching of a new Aston Fund, we take measured steps to ensure congruence between the requirements of Aston, the capabilities of the sub-adviser and the needs of clients. As of December 31, 2014, Aston is the adviser to 27 mutual funds with total net assets of approximately $14.3 billion. Our funds are distributed nationally through intermediaries including registered investment advisers, model platforms, broker-dealers, consultants, retirement platforms and wealth management teams. 
About Fairpointe Capital LLC
Fairpointe Capital LLC is a 100% employee owned registered investment advisor located in Chicago, Illinois. The firm manages equity and balanced separate accounts for institutions and individual clients, utilizing two proprietary strategies: Mid-Cap Core and Focused Equity. Fairpointe also sub-advises the Aston/Fairpointe Mid Cap Fund and the Parvest Equity USA MidCap Fund, available to non-US investors.  
Note: The Fund is newly formed and does not have an operating history. You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Investing in foreign and emerging market securities involve risks related to adverse political and economic developments unique to a country or a region, currency fluctuations or controls. Investments in small to mid-capitalization companies may be subject to increased volatility and less liquidity. The Fund primarily engages in value style investing which involves buying stocks that are out of favor and may not appreciate as anticipated. Investing in convertible preferred securities are subject to risks of both equity and fixed income securities, the value of which is affected by the issuer and market conditions at conversion.
Before investing carefully consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Contact 800-992-8151 for a prospectus or a summary prospectus containing this and other information. Read it carefully. 
Aston Funds are distributed by Foreside Funds Distributors LLC.



CONTACT:


Tony Kono




JCPR




973-850-7323




tkono@jcprinc.com

 SOURCE  Aston Asset Management, LLC  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jan 07, 2015, 09:10 ET
Preview: Aston Launches ASTON/TAMRO International Small Cap Fund


















Sep 24, 2014, 08:30 ET
Preview: Aston Funds Wins 'Best Mutual Fund Website' Award from Web Marketing Association








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



Contact - Fairpointe Fairpointe















































            Contact        


Please contact us if you would like to learn more about our unique approach to investment management.










 Your Name (required)
 
 Your Email (required)
 
 Subject
 
 Your Message
 







Fairpointe Capital, LLC
1 N. Franklin Street, Suite 3300
Chicago, IL 60606
General Inquiries
Telephone: 312-477-3300
Fax: 312-477-3400
Product Information
Jeanine Meola
Director, Institutional Sales
jmeola@fairpointecapital.com
Telephone: 312-477-3331
Fax: 312-477-3431






© 2017 FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL. All Rights Reserved.
Home  | Contact Us




 


















Home - Fairpointe Fairpointe




















































 

Fairpointe Capital, LLC is a boutique investment management firm located in Chicago, Il.  The firm is 100% employee-owned and majority women-owned.
Fairpointe Capital provides separate account management to institutional and individual clients and offers sub-advisory services to domestic and international clients. The firm managed $5.2 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2016.
Fairpointe Capital manages two equity strategies – the firm’s flagship strategy Mid-Cap Core Equity, which has an 18-year track record; and Focused Equity, an all-cap strategy, which was incepted in 2011.
Our mission is to provide our clients with superior investment performance over the long term, while minimizing downside risk. We aim to accomplish this in each strategy by following a disciplined bottom-up valuation-based approach for managing our portfolios. We encourage a work environment based on high ethical and fiduciary standards.




Fairpointe Capital is majority women-owned and is certified as a Women’s Business Enterprise (WBE) through the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nation’s largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.

 

 November 10, 2016
“Six Thoughts on the Election”


 February 10, 2015
Mary Pierson named Co-CEO: Press Release 


Value Investor Insight,  March 31, 2014
“Updating History“

View All News & Commentary


When clicking one of the above links, you are leaving Fairpointe Capital's website and entering a third party site. This third party website is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Fairpointe Capital.




© 2017 FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL. All Rights Reserved.
Home  | Contact Us




 














Home - Fairpointe Fairpointe




















































 

Fairpointe Capital, LLC is a boutique investment management firm located in Chicago, Il.  The firm is 100% employee-owned and majority women-owned.
Fairpointe Capital provides separate account management to institutional and individual clients and offers sub-advisory services to domestic and international clients. The firm managed $5.2 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2016.
Fairpointe Capital manages two equity strategies – the firm’s flagship strategy Mid-Cap Core Equity, which has an 18-year track record; and Focused Equity, an all-cap strategy, which was incepted in 2011.
Our mission is to provide our clients with superior investment performance over the long term, while minimizing downside risk. We aim to accomplish this in each strategy by following a disciplined bottom-up valuation-based approach for managing our portfolios. We encourage a work environment based on high ethical and fiduciary standards.




Fairpointe Capital is majority women-owned and is certified as a Women’s Business Enterprise (WBE) through the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the nation’s largest third party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the US.

 

 November 10, 2016
“Six Thoughts on the Election”


 February 10, 2015
Mary Pierson named Co-CEO: Press Release 


Value Investor Insight,  March 31, 2014
“Updating History“

View All News & Commentary


When clicking one of the above links, you are leaving Fairpointe Capital's website and entering a third party site. This third party website is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Fairpointe Capital.




© 2017 FAIRPOINTE CAPITAL. All Rights Reserved.
Home  | Contact Us




 



















Fairpointe Capital, LLC




 

 

Institutions
People
Ownership
Securities
Calendar
Tracking
Reports
Admin
BD Mail













Contact Information



Phone



Address



Website






Portfolio Information



Reported Total Holdings (USD)



Stated Total Holdings



Reported Equity Assets



Reported Fixed Income Assets



Reported Cash



Reported Other



Portfolio Turnover



FI Portfolio Turnover






General Information



Overview 



Analytics 



People 



Lists 



Holding 



Funds 



Action 



Asset Class 



InstitutionType



Style 



Dominant Orientation 






Application Functionality



Detailed Investor Prospecting



Intuitive CRM



Robust Analytics



Integrated Communication Tools









Home > Institutions > Sample profile for Fairpointe Capital, LLC
 









Sample Profile for Fairpointe Capital, LLC 

 





 










Activity







Quick Profile











 Primary Contact(s): 
 Designated Primary Contact


























Location
Chicago, United States  





Fix Data






Address
Street Address, Chicago,Illinois xxxxx, United States
Phone
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Website
Request Now
Fax
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Asset Class
Request Now
 











Institution Type
Request Now
 


Style
Request Now
 


Dominant Orientation
Request Now
 


Equity Portfolio Turnover
xx%
 


Reported Total Holdings (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx
 


Stated Total Holdings (USD, mm)
x,xxx,xxx.xx
 




Portfolio Breakdown










Reported Equity Assets (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx


Reported Fixed Income Assets (USD, mm) 2/28/2011
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Cash (USD, mm)
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Other (USD, mm)
x,xxx.xx


 


 




Asset Allocation
















































Add to Institution List









Remove from Lists









Briefing Book Report









Edit Institution









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Institution






















































Overview
    Provides a general overview of the entity; including regional offices, M&A history and date founded.
Equity Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the equity markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 
Fixed Income Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the fixed income markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 











  


 


   


















Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 



Home > Erik G. Mermagen
 









Sample Contact 







 










Activity







Mail







Quick Profile








 






















Job Function
Portfolio Manager 





Fix Data






Institution Name
Fairpointe Capital, LLC

 


Address
Request Now  
 


Mailling address
Request Now 
 


Email


Sales@ipreo.com




 


Telephone
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 
Fax
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 







 Provides an overview of the firm that the contact is associated with. 







































Designate Primary









Add to Contact List









Add to Institution List









Remove From My Contacts









Remove from Lists









Export Vcard









Edit Contact









Exclude From Mail









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Contact









Briefing Book Report









Sync with Outlook









































Education
Educational background on the contact.


Biography

                                            Overview of the contact's current role, historical employment and  other important background information.


Scouting Report
Provides unique insight into fund managers' decision-making criteria, and gives detailed information about your investors and marketplace.


Funds Managed
Provides a list of the funds managed by the contact.  
											 






  


 


   














Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 
 
 
 
 
 
 








© 2011 
            Ipreo Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Patents pending. 

 Third Party Data 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 








Fairpointe Capital LLC | Wealthminder











































Fairpointe Capital LLC


Fairpointe Capital LLC
(CRD# 156356) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Chicago, IL.
They
manage $5,605,940,399 in 103 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Fairpointe Capital LLC




One North Franklin Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606
(312)477-3300
http://www.fairpointecapital.com/




http://www.fairpointecapital.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

5,606
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

103
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$54,426,606







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




IL






Financial Advisors at Fairpointe Capital LLC




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Robert S. Burnstine



CRD#:
2820734



One North Franklin Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Robert Burnstine (CRD# 2820734) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Fairpointe Capital LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 20 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Marie L. Lorden



CRD#:
2846879



One North Franklin Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Marie Lorden (CRD# 2846879) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Fairpointe Capital LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Mary L. Pierson



CRD#:
4907709



One North Franklin, Ste 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Mary Pierson (CRD# 4907709) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Fairpointe Capital LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Thyra E. Zerhusen



CRD#:
2435832



One North Franklin Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Thyra Zerhusen (CRD# 2435832) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Fairpointe Capital LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Brian M. Washkowiak



CRD#:
5091671



One North Franklin Street, Suite 3300,
Chicago,
IL
60606




90

Wealthminder
score








Brian Washkowiak (CRD# 5091671) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Fairpointe Capital LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














