


FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP -  ArkansasCorporates – Company Profiles of Arkansas


























Home















FIND 


Search for company name, business locations, officers, contacts ..　　　





 
Home » F » FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP












QR Code Of This Company





This is a QR Code for FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. If you have a QR Code scanning app, you can simply scan this image to have this business's information displayed on your phone.




Related Companies


FUN WASH LAUNDRY CENTERS, INC.
FOUNDATION FOR LEGAL CARE
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF CLARENDON, INCORPORATED
FORT CHADBOURNE CORPORATION
FADICK, INC.                                                       (R)
FORT SMITH DOWNTOWN DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION, INC.
FELLOWSHIP CLUB, INC.
F & H VENTURES, LLC
FOOTLONG INVESTMENTS, INC.
FANTASY BBQ, LLC
FLOUNDER LLC
FRITZ PORTER DESIGNS, INC.
FANS OF THE ARTS, LLC
FOR GOODNESS CAKES
FOUNDRY LEASING, LLC
FAIRFIELD FARMS LLC
F.E.C., INC.
FOUSE DAIRY FARM, INC.
FOSHEE AUTOMOTIVE, INC.
FROSTY TREAT, INC.
FRIENDS OF THE OLD MILL, INC.
FRE AND MIN PROPERTIES, LLC
FELGATE ENTERPRISES, INC.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF OSCEOLA, INCORPORATED
FAITH ASSEMBLY OF GOD – PLUMERVILLE







FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP










This profile contains information from public web pages.

Company Profile



Company Name
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


Filing No
100069863


Business Type
Foreign Limited Partnership


Filed under Act
Foreign LP; 657 of 1979


Status
Withdrawn


File Date
11/10/1987


State
CA


Agent Information

Name: CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY
Address: 300 SPRING BUILDING, SUITE 900300 S. SPRING STREETLITTLE ROCK, AR 72201




Company Overview
				
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP is a company incorporated in Arkansas and its Filing Number is 100069863. FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP was filed on 11/10/1987. The company's status is listed as Withdrawn.	










Contact Information



Company Name
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


Telephone
n/a


Business Address
12405 POWERSCOURT DRIVESAINT LOUIS, AR 63131


Foreign Address
12405 POWERSCOURT DRST. LOUIS,  63131


Email
n/a



Officers/Directors
				
SEE FILE, Incorporator/OrganizerPAUL  RUTTERER , Vice-PresidentCHARTER COMMUNICATIONS VII, LLC, General Partners

Company Map
		
This is Google map of FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP address: 12405 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SAINT LOUIS, AR 63131. If you find error address, please submit another address using the form in the map, then search again.


Data Disclaimer
				
The information provided on arkansascorporates.com is collected from a variety of public sources. arkansascorporates.com website aim to provide the most comprehensive data , however this is dependant on the level of information filed in the public domain.
Data could have changed since the last update. arkansascorporates.com website advise our visitors to express caution if in doubt, and to seek professional advice before commencing legal action, based on any information contained herein.
When you visit arkansascorporates.com website, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including We sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by our advertising services.

 




Company Index:  
0-9 
A 
B 
C 
D 
E 
F 
G 
H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
M 
N 
O 
P 
Q 
R 
S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 

Home  |  
About Us  |  
Privacy Policy  |  
Contact Us



© 2013 ArkansasCorporates - Company Profiles of Arkansas






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME PROPERTIES LP - Current report filing (8-K) EXHIBIT 1





















About EDGAR Online

|
Login












Dashboard
TodayCompany
Industry
Search
Screener
Analytics

  










 















Enter your Email for a Free Trial:








The following is an excerpt from a 8-K SEC Filing, filed by FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME PROPERTIES LP on 6/30/1997.





 Next Section












 Previous Section





-- Use Sections To Navigate Through The Document --
FORM 8-K
ITEM 5.    OTHER EVENTS
Item 7.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL ...
SIGNATURES
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
EXHIBIT 1
EXHIBIT 2












FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME PROPERTIES LP - 8-K - 19970630 - EXHIBIT_1





ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT



by and among



FALCON COMMUNITY CABLE, L.P.,


a Delaware limited partnership,



FALCON CABLE MEDIA,


a California limited partnership,



FALCON CABLE SYSTEMS COMPANY II, L.P.,


a California limited partnership


and



FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME PROPERTIES, L.P.,


a California limited partnership,



Dated as of June 27, 1997







ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT



ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 27, 1997 (this
"Agreement") by and among Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties, L.P., a
California limited partnership ("FCCI"), Falcon Community Cable, L.P., a
Delaware limited partnership ("Community Cable"), Falcon Cable Media, a
California limited partnership ("Cable Media"), and Falcon Cable Systems Company
II, L.P., a California limited partnership ("Cable Systems II") (Community
Cable, Cable Media and Cable Systems II are collectively referred to herein as
the "Purchasers" and each a "Purchaser").



RECITALS



A.       Falcon Classic Cable Investors, L.P., a California
limited partnership (the "General Partner"), is the general partner of FCCI.


B.       Pursuant to Section 4.9 of the Amended and Restated
Agreement of Limited Partnership of FCCI, dated as of May 15, 1989 (the
"Partnership Agreement") (capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the
Partnership Agreement), the General Partner may cause the sale of all or
substantially all of the Cable Systems to the General Partner or to any
Affiliate of the General Partner for cash at the median of three independent
appraised values of fair market value pursuant to the Appraisal Process (the
"Appraised Value").


C.       Falcon Holding Group, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership ("FHGLP"), (i) is the general partner of the General Partner, (ii)
is a general partner of Community Cable, (iii) is a general partner of Cable
Media, and (iv) is a general partner of Cable Systems II.


D.       As a result of the relationships described in the
foregoing recitals, the Purchasers are Affiliates of the General Partner.


E.       Pursuant to an Assignment of Right to Purchase, dated
as of the date hereof, among the General Partner and each of the Purchasers, the
General Partner has assigned to the Purchasers the right to purchase all of the
Cable Systems of FCCI at their Appraised Value.


F.       The Purchasers desire to purchase all of the Cable
Systems of FCCI at their Appraised Value and the General Partner desires to
cause FCCI to sell all of the Cable Systems of FCCI to the Purchasers at their
Appraised Value in accordance with Section 4.9 of the Partnership Agreement.



AGREEMENT



NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and for
other good





and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:



ARTICLE I.




DEFINITIONS



SECTION 1.1. DEFINED TERMS. The following terms, as used in
this Agreement, shall have the following meanings (and such meanings shall be
equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined
herein):


"Bill of Sale" shall mean such bills of sale, instruments of
conveyance and assignment and assumption as may be necessary to effect the Sale
of the Cable Systems.


"Cable Systems" shall mean, collectively, all right, title and
interest of FCCI in all assets, rights, privileges, interests, claims and
properties, whether tangible or intangible, owned, used or held by FCCI for use
in connection with the provision of cable television services and, if required
by the context, the five specific Cable Systems owned and operated by FCCI in
Redmond, Oregon (the "Redmond Cable System"), Burke County, North Carolina (the
"Burke County Cable System"), Somerset, Kentucky (the "Somerset Cable System"),
Centreville, Maryland (the "Centreville Cable System"), and California City,
California (the "California City Cable System").


"Cable System Contracts" shall mean all contracts, purchase
orders and other agreements of FCCI to the extent relating to the construction,
operation or maintenance of the Cable Systems. Cable System Contracts shall not
include any Local Authorization or FCC License.


"Closing" shall mean the consummation of the Sale.


"Communications Act" shall mean the Communications Act of
1934, as amended.


"FCC" shall mean the Federal Communications Commission.


"FCC Consents" shall mean consents of the FCC to the transfer
of the FCC Licenses to the Purchasers in connection with the Sale.


"FCC Licenses" shall mean the licenses and permits of the FCC
held by FCCI in connection with the operation of the Cable Systems.


"Franchise Areas" shall mean the areas in which FCCI is
authorized to provide cable television service under the Local Authorizations
and the areas served by any of the Cable Systems in which FCCI provides cable
television service without a Local Authorization.


2





"Governmental Authority" shall mean any federal, state,
municipal or local governmental authority or political subdivision thereof.


"HSR Act" shall mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.


"Legal Requirement" shall mean the requirements of any law,
ordinance, statute, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree, injunction,
franchise, determination, approval, permit, license, authorization or other
requirement of any Governmental Authority.


"Lien" shall mean, with respect to any asset, any mortgage,
lien, pledge, charge, security interest, adverse claim or encumbrance of any
kind in respect of such asset.


"Local Authority" shall mean any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction to grant a cable television franchise with respect to all or a
portion of any Cable System.


"Local Authority Consent" shall mean any approval,
authorization or consent of a Local Authority necessary for a change in control
of a Local Authorization or otherwise in connection with the consummation of the
Sale.


"Local Authorizations" shall mean all authorizations,
approvals, franchises, licenses and permits of Local Authorities granted to the
Partnership which permit the operation of the Cable Systems as amended, modified
or supplemented.


"Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect
on the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the
business of FCCI or any of the Cable Systems.


"Permitted Liens" shall mean (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due
and payable; (ii) any carrier's, warehousemen's, mechanic's, materialmen's,
repairmen's, employees' or other like Lien arising in the ordinary course of
business; (iii) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments and other
similar encumbrances which do not materially interfere with the use of the Cable
Systems as presently used; and (iv) rights of first refusal in favor of, and
restrictions imposed by, Governmental Authorities.


"Person" shall mean and include an individual, a corporation,
a partnership (general, limited or limited liability), a joint venture, a
limited liability company, an association, a trust or any other organization or
entity, including a Governmental Authority.


"Purchase Price" shall mean $82,000,000 in the aggregate,
allocated among the Cable Systems as provided in Schedule 2.1.


"Right of First Refusal" shall mean any right of first refusal
of a Local Authority in regard to or arising as a result of the Sale.


3





"Taxes" shall mean all taxes, fees, duties, imposts, levies,
withholdings, tax deficiencies, assessments, and charges, including, without
limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use,
value-added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property
or other taxes and customs duties of any kind whatsoever, together with any
interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts relating
thereto, imposed by any Governmental Authority (domestic or foreign).


"Unapproved FCC Assets" shall mean all equipment relating to
Unapproved FCC Licenses.


"Unapproved FCC License" shall mean an FCC License as to which
all FCC Consents have not been obtained or do not remain in full force and
effect immediately prior to the Closing Date.


"Unapproved Franchise Areas" shall mean Franchise Areas
covered by Unapproved Local Authorizations.


"Unapproved Franchise Assets" shall mean, with respect to all
Unapproved Franchise Areas, all Unapproved Local Authorizations and all related
real property and equipment.


"Unapproved Local Authorizations" shall mean a Local
Authorization (other than Right of First Refusal Local Authorizations) as to
which all Local Authority Consents have not been obtained or do not remain in
full force and effect immediately prior to the Closing Date.



ARTICLE II.




PURCHASE AND SALE



SECTION 2.1. PURCHASE AND SALE.


(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the
conditions set forth herein and to the other terms, conditions and provisions
hereof, on a date as soon as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions set forth herein (the "Closing Date"), FCCI shall execute and
deliver to each Purchaser a Bill of Sale pursuant to which FCCI shall sell,
convey, assign, transfer and deliver to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall
purchase, acquire, accept and pay for, all of FCCI's right, title and interest
in all Cable Systems owned by FCCI, including, subject to Section 2.2, FCCI's
rights under the Cable System Contracts and each Purchaser shall execute and
deliver a Bill of Sale and thereby assume and agree to perform in accordance
with their terms the Cable System Contracts, FCC Licenses and Local
Authorizations (the "Sale"). Schedule 2.1 hereto sets forth the Cable Systems of
FCCI to be purchased by each respective Purchaser and the portion of the
Purchase Price to be paid by each such Purchaser.


4





(b) At the Closing, the Purchasers shall, severally but not
jointly, deliver to FCCI the Purchase Price related to the respective Cable
Systems to be purchased by them in immediately available funds (by wire transfer
to an account designated in writing by FCCI prior to the Closing Date).


SECTION 2.2.  LACK OF CONSENTS. If the Sale requires the
consent of another Person under any Cable System Contract and such consent has
not been obtained prior to the Closing Date or does not remain in full force and
effect at the Closing Date, such failure to obtain such consent or failure of
such consent to be in full force and effect shall not itself constitute a breach
of any provision hereof. FCCI shall, with respect to each such Cable System
Contract, use its reasonable commercial efforts (at the expense of the Purchaser
of such Cable System Contract and at no out-of-pocket expense to FCCI, but
without such Purchaser being required to provide any consideration therefor) to:

(i) keep each such Cable System Contract in effect and obtain such consent; (ii)
provide to the appropriate Purchaser the benefits of each such Cable System
Contract through subcontract or otherwise; (iii) cooperate in any reasonable
arrangement designed to provide such benefits to such Purchaser; and (iv)
enforce, at the request and sole expense of the appropriate Purchaser, any
rights of such Purchaser included in the Cable Systems under or with respect to
any such Cable System Contract against all other Persons (including termination
of the foregoing in accordance with the terms thereof upon the election of such
Purchaser), in each case of clauses (i)-(iv) to the extent that any Purchaser
performs all obligations of FCCI under such Cable System Contract. If all such
consents under any such Cable System Contract are obtained after the Closing
Date, FCCI shall promptly assign such Cable System Contract to the appropriate
Purchaser and such Purchaser shall assume all obligations under such Cable
System Contract with respect to periods following such assignment, in each case
without the payment of additional consideration by any Purchaser or FCCI.


SECTION 2.3.  LACK OF REGULATORY APPROVALS.


(a) If immediately prior to the Closing Date any Local
Authority Consent or FCC Consent has not been obtained or does not remain in
full force and effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, such failure to
obtain such Local Authority Consent or FCC Consent or such failure of such Local
Authority Consents or FCC Consent to be in full force and effect shall not
itself constitute a breach of any provision hereof.


(b) If at any time following the Closing Date, FCCI is able to
transfer to the appropriate Purchaser (or a designee of such Purchaser) an
Unapproved Local Authorization or an Unapproved FCC License, FCCI shall promptly
transfer to such Purchaser (or such designee of such Purchaser) such Unapproved
Local Authorization and all related Unapproved Franchise Assets and such
Unapproved FCC License and all related Unapproved FCC Assets, as the case may
be. Such Purchaser (or such designee of such Purchaser), as the case may be,
shall assume, pay, perform and discharge the obligations arising after the
Closing Date under or in respect of any such Unapproved Local Authorization or
Unapproved FCC License so transferred.


5





SECTION 2.4.  RECEIPT OF CONSENTS. It is the intent of the
parties that the arrangements described in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 continue for the
shortest possible time, and to this end they agree to use reasonable commercial
efforts to obtain all consents (including Local Authority Consents) to the Sale
referred to in said Sections as promptly as practicable following the Closing
Date. FHGLP shall coordinate the efforts to obtain such consents, and the
Purchasers shall be responsible for all costs, expenses, liabilities,
obligations and burdens with respect to such consents (allocated to the
appropriate Cable System).


SECTION 2.5.  NO ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES. FCCI shall retain,
shall continue to be responsible after the Closing for, shall pay, perform and
discharge, and shall indemnify and hold the Purchasers and each of their
Affiliates harmless from and against, all liabilities and obligations (whether
incurred, accrued, arising or known prior to, at or after the Closing, whether
or not known, suspected, asserted or claimed at the Closing or at any time
theretofore or thereafter, whether or not reflected or provided for, or required
to be reflected or provided for, in any balance sheet of FCCI and whether fixed,
liquidated, unliquidated, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which relate to or
arise out of the business, assets or operations of FCCI as heretofore, currently
or hereafter conducted through the Closing Date, any of the Cable Systems or the
past operation, condition or use of any of the Cable Systems, including those
related to: (i) product liability; (ii) general tort liability; (iii) any other
activity undertaken by FCCI or relating to any of the Cable Systems; or (iv) any
obligation or liability of FCCI to any of its partners or in respect of any
management fee or sales fee; other, however, than obligations under the Cable
System Contracts, FCC Licenses and Local Authorizations specifically assumed by
a Purchaser.



ARTICLE III.




REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FCCI



FCCI represents and warrants to the Purchasers that:


SECTION 3.1. EXISTENCE AND POWER. FCCI (i) is a limited
partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of California, (ii) is authorized to transact business and is in
good standing in each state in which its ownership of assets or conduct of
business requires such qualification, and (iii) has all partnership powers
required to carry on its business as conducted on the date hereof, with such
exceptions to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect or materially and adversely affect the ability of any Purchaser to
consummate the Sale.


SECTION 3.2. AUTHORIZATION. FCCI has the partnership power to
own and operate the Cable Systems. FCCI has the partnership power to enter into
this Agreement and to consummate the Sale. The execution and delivery by FCCI of
this Agreement and the consummation by FCCI of the Sale has been duly authorized
by all necessary partnership action.


6





SECTION 3.3.  GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by FCCI, and the performance by FCCI of this
Agreement, and the consummation by FCCI of the Sale, require no material action
by or in respect of, or material filing with, any Governmental Authority other
than compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act, and the Local
Authorizations.


SECTION 3.4.  CONSENTS. Except as set out in Schedule 3.4, no
material consent by any Person under any Cable System Contract is required or
necessary for the execution and delivery of this Agreement by FCCI, or the
performance by FCCI of this Agreement, or the consummation of the Sale
contemplated to be consummated by it pursuant hereto, except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.


SECTION 3.5.  NON-CONTRAVENTION.


(a) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by FCCI, and the consummation by FCCI of the Sale, do not and on or before the
Closing Date will not, (x) contravene the Partnership Agreement or (y) subject
to obtaining the consents described in Section 3.3 and subject to obtaining,
taking or making the actions and filings described in Schedule 3.4, result in
the imposition of any Lien upon any assets of FCCI pursuant to, or constitute a
breach or default (including any event that, with the passage of time or giving
of notice, or both, would become a breach or default) under or give rise to a
right of termination, cancellation, first refusal or acceleration under any
applicable Legal Requirement or any judgment, injunction, order, decree,
contract, license, lease, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note or other
agreement or instrument as to which FCCI is a party or by which any of its
properties may be bound, the effect of which would be to materially impair the
ability of FCCI to perform its obligations under this Agreement.


(b) FCCI is not in breach or default (including any event
that, with the passage of time or giving of notice, or both, would become a
breach or default) under any Cable System Contract or contract by which any of
its assets may be bound, the effect of which would be to impair the ability of
FCCI in any material respect to operate any Cable System as presently operated.


SECTION 3.6.  BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by FCCI, and when executed by the parties hereto, this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of FCCI, enforceable
against FCCI in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally or by the principles
governing the availability of equitable remedies.


SECTION 3.7.  SYSTEMS; AUTHORIZATIONS; LICENSES.


(a) Each Local Authorization (x) is in all material respects
validly held by FCCI in accordance with and as required by the terms thereof and
according to all material applicable Legal Requirements and (y) is in all
material respects in full force and effect and has not been revoked or canceled
and FCCI is in material compliance therewith. To the


7





knowledge of FCCI; no proceeding to revoke, cancel or modify in any manner any
such Local Authorization has been initiated or threatened in writing.


(b) Each FCC License (x) is in all material respects validly
held by FCCI in accordance with and as required by the terms thereof and
according to all material applicable Legal Requirements and (y) is in all
material respects in full force and effect and has not been revoked or canceled
and FCCI is in material compliance therewith. To the knowledge of FCCI, no
proceeding to revoke, cancel or modify in any manner any such FCC License has
been initiated or threatened in writing.


SECTION 3.8.  ASSETS. FCCI has good and marketable title to,
or a valid leasehold or license interest in, all assets purported to be owned,
leased or licensed by FCCI which constitute the Cable Systems, free and clear of
all Liens other than Permitted Liens and other than any Liens which shall be
fully satisfied, discharged and released effective as of the Closing. Each Bill
of Sale is sufficient to transfer to the identified Purchaser good and, subject
to Permitted Liens, marketable title to the Cable Systems to be acquired by such
Purchaser as set forth on Schedule 2.1.


SECTION 3.9.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. To the knowledge of FCCI,
the conduct of its business does not infringe upon the patents, trademarks,
trade names or other intellectual property rights of any Person, with such
exceptions as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.


SECTION 3.10.  CABLE SYSTEM CONTRACTS.


(a) FCCI is not in material default or breach of any Cable
System Contract and, to the knowledge of FCCI, (i) there exists no state of
facts which after notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a
material default or breach and (ii) no other party to such Cable System Contract
is in default or breach thereunder.


(b) The real property and personal property which are the
subject of leases that constitute Cable System Contracts are currently used in
the construction, operation or maintenance of the FCCI business.


SECTION 3.11.  LITIGATION. There are no actions, suits or
proceedings pending and, to the knowledge of FCCI, there are no claims,
grievances, governmental investigations, actions, suits or proceedings
threatened, against or affecting FCCI with respect to its business at law or in
equity or before or by any Governmental Authority, or before or by an arbitrator
or arbitration board which would have a Material Adverse Effect or materially
delay the Closing. Except as set out in Schedule 3.11, there are no judgments,
decrees or orders outstanding against FCCI with respect to its business or any
of the Cable Systems or the Sale.


SECTION 3.12.  COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.  (i) FCCI
is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and (ii) FCCI's business
is being conducted in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, with
such exceptions to


8





clauses (i) and (ii) as would not have a Material Adverse Effect or materially
delay the Closing.


SECTION 3.13.  REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. FCCI has
filed all reports required to be filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
("SEC") since January 1, 1994 (collectively, the "FCCI SEC Reports"), and has
previously furnished or made available to the Purchasers true and complete
copies of all the FCCI SEC Reports. None of the FCCI SEC Reports, as of their
respective dates (as amended through the date hereof), contained any untrue
statement of material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the balance
sheets (including the related notes) included in the FCCI SEC Reports presents
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of FCCI as
of the respective dates thereof, and the other related statements (including the
related notes) included therein present fairly, in all material respects, the
results of operations and the changes in financial position of FCCI for the
respective periods or as of the respective dates set forth therein, all in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied
during the periods involved, except as otherwise noted therein and subject, in
the case of the unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-end
adjustments and any other adjustments described therein. All of the FCCI SEC
Reports, as of their respective dates (as amended through the date hereof),
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder.


SECTION 3.14.  FINDERS' FEES. There is no investment banker,
broker, finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized
to act on behalf of FCCI who might be entitled to any fee or commission from
FCCI or any Purchaser in connection with the execution, delivery or performance
of this Agreement or the Sale.



ARTICLE IV.




REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASERS



The Purchasers, severally and not jointly, represent and
warrant to FCCI that:


SECTION 4.1.  EXISTENCE AND POWER. Each Purchaser, except
Community Cable, is a limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the State of California. Community Cable is a
limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware.


SECTION 4.2.  AUTHORIZATION. Each Purchaser has the
partnership power to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the acquisition
of the Cable System(s) to be acquired by it in the Sale. The execution and
delivery by each Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation by each
Purchaser of the Sale has been duly authorized by all necessary partnership
action.


9





SECTION 4.3.  GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by each Purchaser, and the performance by each
Purchaser of this Agreement, and the consummation by each Purchaser of the
acquisition of the Cable System(s) to be acquired by it in the Sale, require no
material action by or in respect of, or material filing with, any Governmental
Authority other than compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act,
and the Local Authorizations.


SECTION 4.4.  NON-CONTRAVENTION. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by each Purchaser, and the consummation by each
Purchaser of the acquisition of the Cable System(s) to be acquired by it in the
Sale, do not or on or before the Closing Date will not, (a) contravene the
partnership agreement of any Purchaser or (b) subject to obtaining the consents
described in Schedule 4.4 constitute a breach or default (including any event
that, with the passage of time or giving of notice, or both, would become a
breach or default) under or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation,
first refusal or acceleration under any applicable material Legal Requirement or
any material judgment, injunction, order, decree, contract, license, lease,
indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, note or other agreement or instrument as to
which any Purchaser is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound,
the effect of which would be to materially impair the ability of any Purchaser
to perform its obligations under this Agreement.


SECTION 4.5.  BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by each Purchaser, and when executed by the parties
hereto, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each
Purchaser, enforceable against each Purchaser in accordance with its terms,
except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally
or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.


SECTION 4.6.  LITIGATION. There are no actions, suits or
proceedings pending and, to the knowledge of any Purchaser, there are no claims,
grievances, governmental investigations, actions, suits or proceedings
threatened, against or affecting any Purchaser at law or in equity or before or
by any Governmental Authority, or before or by an arbitrator or arbitration
board which would materially delay the Closing. There are no judgments, decrees
or orders outstanding against any Purchaser with respect to the Sale.


SECTION 4.7.  COMPLIANCE WITH LEGAL REQUIREMENTS.  Each
Purchaser is in compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements, except as
would not materially delay the Closing.


SECTION 4.8.  QUALIFICATION OF PURCHASERS. Each Purchaser is
and pending Closing will be legally, technically, financially and otherwise
qualified under the Communications Act to acquire and operate the Cable Systems.
To the knowledge of the Purchasers, there are no facts or proceedings which
would reasonably be expected to disqualify any Purchaser under the
Communications Act from acquiring or operating the Cable Systems or would cause
the FCC to not approve the transfer of control of the FCC Licenses to the
applicable Purchasers. No Purchaser has any knowledge of any fact or
circumstance relating to any Purchaser or any of their Affiliates that would
reasonably be


10





expected to (i) cause the filing of any material objection to the FCC
application for transfer of control of the FCC Licenses as provided for in this
Agreement, or (ii) cause the FCC to deny the FCC application for transfer of
control of the FCC Licenses as provided for in this Agreement, or (iii) lead to
a delay in the processing of the FCC application for transfer of control of the
FCC Licenses as provided for in this Agreement. No waiver of any FCC rule or
policy is necessary to be obtained by any Purchaser and/or Affiliates thereof
for the grant of the FCC Consents as provided for in this Agreement, nor will
processing pursuant to any exception to a rule of general applicability be
requested or required in connection with the consummation by any Purchaser of
the transactions contemplated hereby.


SECTION 4.9.  FINDERS' FEES. There is no investment banker,
broker, finder or other intermediary which has been retained by or is authorized
to act on behalf of any Purchaser who might be entitled to any fee or commission
from any Purchaser in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of
this Agreement or the Sale.



ARTICLE V.




CONDITIONS



SECTION 5.1.  MUTUAL CONDITIONS. The obligations of FCCI on
the one hand and the Purchasers on the other to take the actions required to be
taken by them pursuant to Article II shall be subject to the satisfaction of
each of the following conditions, each of which may be waived by FCCI or the
Purchasers:


(a) Any applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof)
under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated without the commencement
or threat of any litigation by a Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction to restrain the consummation of the Sale contemplated by this
Agreement in any material respect.


(b) No order, stay, judgment or decree shall have been issued
by any court and be in effect restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the
Sale in any material respect.


(c) All consents required to be obtained in connection with
the Sale shall have been obtained and remain in full force and effect.


SECTION 5.2   ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.


(a) The obligations of FCCI to take the actions required to be
taken by it pursuant to Article II shall be subject to the satisfaction of the
following condition, which may be waived by FCCI: the representations and
warranties of each of the Purchasers set forth in Article IV shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of any Purchaser to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.


11





(b) The obligations of each Purchaser to take the actions
required to be taken by it pursuant to Article II shall be subject to the
satisfaction of the following condition, which may be waived by the Purchasers:

the representations and warranties of FCCI set forth in Article III shall be
true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing except
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on (i) the ability of any Purchaser
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the business,
operations, financial condition or results of operation of FCCI.


SECTION 5.3.  ADDITIONAL CONDITION TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE
PURCHASERS. The obligations of the Purchasers to take the action required to be
taken by them pursuant to Article II shall be subject to the receipt by each
Purchaser of financing in an amount necessary to satisfy each Purchaser's
obligations under Article II and the performance by each other Purchaser of its
obligations hereunder.



ARTICLE VI.




COVENANTS



SECTION 6.1.  PRESERVATION OF BUSINESS. Except as contemplated
by this Agreement, FCCI will use its best efforts to preserve its business
organization intact, to keep available to the Purchasers the services of its
present employees, and to preserve for the Purchasers the goodwill of the
suppliers, customers and others having business relations with FCCI.


SECTION 6.2.  CONSUMMATION OF THE SALE. Each of the parties
hereto agrees that it shall, prior to, on and after the Closing, take or cause
to be taken and cause their respective affiliates to take or cause to be taken
such actions, and execute, deliver and file or cause to be executed, delivered
and filed, such certificates, documents and instruments, and obtain such
consents, as may be necessary or reasonably requested in connection with the
consummation of the Sale contemplated by this Agreement or in order to fully
effectuate the purposes, terms and conditions of this Agreement.



ARTICLE VII.




MISCELLANEOUS



SECTION 7.1.  TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated at
any time prior to the Closing by FCCI or any Purchaser if the Sale shall not
have been consummated on or before December 31, 1997, unless the failure to
consummate the Sale is the result of a willful and material breach of this
Agreement by the party seeking to terminate this Agreement; provided, however,
that the December 31, 1997 termination date shall be extended to March 31, 1998
if (i) all conditions to the Closing have been satisfied on or before December
31, 1997 except the receipt of one or more required Local Authority


12





Consents and (ii) the General Partner, in its reasonable judgment, believes that
the pending Local Authority Consents are likely to be obtained on or before
March 31, 1998.


SECTION 7.2.  EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth herein,
the fees and expenses (including the fees of any lawyers, accountants,
investment bankers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby whether or not the Sale is
consummated will be borne by the party incurring such expenses. Any expenses of
the Purchasers generally will be paid by each Purchaser on a pro rata basis by
the Purchasers (based on the relative purchase price as allocated on Schedule
2.1). Any charges, taxes, user fees or other similar costs or expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be allocated among the parties in a manner that is customary for agreements of
this type.


SECTION 7.3.  HEADINGS. The section headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this Agreement and will
not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.
References to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits, unless otherwise indicated, are
references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits hereof.


SECTION 7.4.  ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement and all provisions
hereof will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors, however, neither this Agreement nor any right,
interest, or obligation hereunder may be assigned by FCCI (other than by
operation of law) without the prior written consent of each Purchaser, and any
such assignment or purported assignment without such consent shall be void.


SECTION 7.5.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement embody the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby and supersede all prior written or oral
commitments, arrangements or understandings with respect thereto.


SECTION 7.6.  AMENDMENT; WAIVER.


(a) This Agreement may only be amended or modified in writing
signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment or
modification is sought.


(b) Any party hereto may, by an instrument in writing, waive
compliance with any term or provision of this Agreement on the part of such
other party hereto. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any term or
provision of this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent
breach.


SECTION 7.7.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same
agreement and each of which will be deemed an original. All signatures need not
be on one counterpart.


13





SECTION 7.8.  GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED
BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT BE
APPLICABLE UNDER PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW) AS TO ALL MATTERS, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO MATTERS OF VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, EFFECT AND PERFORMANCE.


SECTION 7.9.  SEVERABILITY. If any one or more of the
provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement will not be affected thereby, and FCCI and the Purchasers will use
their reasonable efforts to substitute one or more valid, legal and enforceable
provisions which insofar as practicable implement the purposes and intent
hereof. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party waives any
provision of law which renders any provision of this Agreement invalid, illegal
or unenforceable in any respect.


SECTION 7.10.  THIRD PERSON BENEFICIARIES.  This Agreement is
not intended and shall not be construed to confer upon any Person (other than
FCCI and the Purchasers) any rights or remedies whatsoever.


SECTION 7.11.  SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. The Purchasers and FCCI
recognize that any breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this
Agreement may give rise to irreparable harm for which money damages would not be
an adequate remedy, and accordingly agree that, in addition to other remedies,
any non-breaching party will be entitled to enforce the agreements and covenants
contained herein of the Purchasers and FCCI, as the case may be, by a decree of
specific performance without the necessity of proving the inadequacy as a remedy
of money damages.


(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS)


14





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.



FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME

PROPERTIES, L.P., A CALIFORNIA

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



By:    Falcon Classic Cable Investors,

L.P., General Partner


By:    Falcon Holding Group, L.P.,

General Partner


By:    Falcon Holding Group, Inc.

General Partner



By:    MICHAEL K. MENEREY





Name:  Michael K. Menerey
Title: Secretary and Chief
Financial Officer



FALCON COMMUNITY CABLE, L.P.,

A DELAWARE LIMITED

PARTNERSHIP



By:    Falcon Holding Group, L.P.,

General Partner


By:    Falcon Holding Group, Inc.

General Partner



By:    MICHAEL K. MENEREY





Name:  Michael K. Menerey
Title: Secretary and Chief
Financial Officer



15






FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A

CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



By:    Falcon Holding Group, L.P.,

General Partner


By:    Falcon Holding Group, Inc.

General Partner



By:    MICHAEL K. MENEREY





Name:  Michael K. Menerey
Title: Secretary and Chief
Financial Officer



FALCON CABLE SYSTEMS

COMPANY II, L.P., A CALIFORNIA

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP



By:    Falcon Holding Group, L.P.,

General Partner


By:    Falcon Holding Group, Inc.

General Partner



By:    MICHAEL K. MENEREY





Name:  Michael K. Menerey
Title: Secretary and Chief
Financial Officer



16








SCHEDULE 2.1




ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE AND CABLE SYSTEMS ACQUIRED







        Purchaser                              Cable System                    Purchase Price
        ---------                              ------------                    --------------

Falcon Community Cable                   Redmond, Oregon                       $ 6,200,000

Falcon Cable Media                       Burke County, North                   $19,000,000
                                         Carolina

Falcon Community Cable                   Somerset, Kentucky                    $31,000,000

Falcon Cable Media                       Centreville, Maryland                 $23,000,000

Falcon Cable Systems
Company II, L.P.                         California City, California           $ 2,800,000
                                                                               -----------
                                                                   TOTAL       $82,000,000
                                                                               ===========











Sched. 2.1 -- 1







SCHEDULE 3.4




CONSENTS REQUIRED UNDER CABLE SYSTEM CONTRACTS







                                              GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES
  CABLE SYSTEM                                   REQUIRED TO CONSENT
  ------------                                ------------------------
Burke County, NC                              Burke County, NC
                                              Connelly Springs, NC
                                              Drexel, NC
                                              Glen Alpine, NC
                                              Rutherford College, NC
                                              Valdese, NC

California City, CA                           California City, CA

Centreville, MD                               Barclay, MD
                                              Betterton, MD
                                              Centreville, MD
                                              Chestertown, MD
                                              Church Hill, MD
                                              Kent County, MD
                                              Millington, MD
                                              Oxford, MD
                                              Queen Anne's County, MD
                                              Queenstown, MD
                                              Rock Hall, MD
                                              St. Michaels, MD
                                              Sudlersville, MD
                                              Talbot County, MD
                                              Templeville, MD
                                              Trappe, MD

Redmond, OR                                   Redmond, OR

Somerset, KY                                  Adair County, KY
                                              Burnside, KY
                                              Columbia, KY
                                              Eubank, KY
                                              Ferguson, KY
                                              Laurel County, KY
                                              Lincoln County (Eubank), KY
                                              Lincoln County (McKinney), KY
                                              Pulaski Co. (Burnside), KY
                                              Pulaski Co. (North), KY
                                              Science Hill, KY
                                              Somerset, KY









Sched. 3.4 -- 1







SCHEDULE 4.4




PURCHASER CONSENTS



1.       Consent from the FHGLP bank group.


2.       Consent from the Board of Representatives and partners of FHGLP
pursuant to its Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership.



Sched. 4.4 -- 1









BROKERAGE PARTNERS


































© 1995-2017
EDGAR Online, Inc.
All rights reserved  NASDAQ:
EDGR 
Solutions for Corporations  
Terms of Use  
Privacy Statement













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - ST. LOUIS, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



ST. LOUIS



Cable and Other Pay Television Services



Cable Television Services



                            FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    



 





















F 


FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12405 POWERSCOURT DR ST. LOUIS, MO 63131
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Cable Television Services
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Falcon Cable Media, A California Limited Partnership is incorporated in California. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties - Asset Purchase Agreement




























                            Looking for an agreement? Search from over 1 million agreements now.
                        

















Sign in
|
Shopping Cart






Home > Merger and Acquisition Agreements/Asset Purchase Agreements > Agreement Preview




Asset Purchase Agreement

This is an actual contract by Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties.
            Browse the agreement preview below and buy the entire agreement for $35
























Sectors:
Telecommunications




Governing Law:
California , View California  State Laws





Effective Date:
June 27, 1997








					                        Save time and money with our Premium Packages (50% savings)
				                        



		
                                    Related Agreement Types:
                                    Asset Purchase Agreements







Search This Document










Searching... Please Wait.









		
                            by and among                             FALCON COMMUNITY CABLE, L.P.,                          a Delaware limited partnership,                                  FALCON CABLE MEDIA,                         a California limited partnership,                        FALCON CABLE SYSTEMS COMPANY II, L.P.,                         a California limited partnership                                          and                     FALCON CLASSIC CABLE INCOME PROPERTIES, L.P.,                         a California limited partnership,                               Dated as of June 27, 1997     2                             ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT                    ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 27, 1997 (this "Agreement") by and among Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties, L.P., a California limited partnership ("FCCI"), Falcon Community Cable, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("Community Cable"), Falcon Cable Media, a California limited partnership ("Cable Media"), and Falcon Cable Systems Company II, L.P., a California limited partnership ("Cable Systems II") (Community Cable, Cable Media and Cable Systems II are collectively referred to herein as the "Purchasers" and each a "Purchaser").                                       RECITALS                     A.       Falcon Classic Cable Investors, L.P., a California limited partnership (the "General Partner"), is the general partner of FCCI.                     B.       Pursuant to Section 4.9 of the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of FCCI, dated as of May 15, 1989 (the "Partnership Agreement") (capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Partnership Agreement), the General Partner may cause the sale of all or substantially all of the Cable Systems to the General Partner or to any Affiliate of the General Partner for cash at the median of three independent appraised values of fair market value pursuant to the Appraisal Process (the "Appraised Value").                     C.       Falcon Holding Group, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("FHGLP"), (i) is the general partner of the General Partner, (ii) is a general partner of Community Cable, (iii) is a general partner of Cable Media, and (iv) is a general partner of Cable Systems II.                     D.       As a result of the relationships described in the foregoing recitals, the Purchasers are Affiliates of the General Partner.                     E.       Pursuant to an Assignment of Right to Purchase, dated as of the date hereof, among the General Partner and each of the Purchasers, the General Partner has assigned to the Purchasers the right to purchase all of the Cable Systems of FCCI at their Appraised Value.                     F.       The Purchasers desire to purchase all of the Cable Systems of FCCI at their Appraised Value and the General Partner desires to cause FCCI to sell all of the Cable Systems of FCCI to the Purchasers at their Appraised Value in accordance with Section 4.9 of the Partnership Agreement.                                       AGREEMENT                     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good       3 and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:                                     ARTICLE I.                                      DEFINITIONS                     SECTION 1.1. DEFINED TERMS. The following terms, as used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings (and such meanings shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined herein):                     "Bill of Sale" shall mean such bills of sale, instruments of conveyance and assignment and assumption as may be necessary to effect the Sale of the Cable Systems.                     "Cable Systems" shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest of FCCI in all assets, rights, privileges, interests, claims and properties, whether tangible or intangible, owned, used or held by FCCI for use in connection with the provision of cable television services and, if required by the context, the five specific Cable Systems owned and operated by FCCI in Redmond, Oregon (the "Redmond Cable System"), Burke County, North Carolina (the "Burke County Cable System"), Somerset, Kentucky (the "Somerset Cable System"), Centreville, Maryland (the "Centreville Cable System"), and California City, California (the "California City Cable System").                     "Cable System Contracts" shall mean all contracts, purchase orders and other agreements of FCCI to the extent relating to the construction, operation or maintenance of the Cable Systems. Cable System Contracts shall not include any Local Authorization or FCC License.                     "Closing" shall mean the consummation of the Sale.                     "Communications Act" shall mean the Communications Act of 1934, as amended.                     "FCC" shall mean the Federal Communications Commission.                     "FCC Consents" shall mean consents of the FCC to the transfer of the FCC Licenses to the Purchasers in connection with the Sale.                     "FCC Licenses" shall mean the licenses and permits of the FCC held by FCCI in connection with the operation of the Cable Systems.                     "Franchise Areas" shall mean the areas in which FCCI is authorized to provide cable television service under the Local Authorizations and the areas served by any of the Cable Systems in which FCCI provides cable television service without a Local Authorization.                                          2      4                   "Governmental Authority" shall mean any federal, state, municipal or local governmental authority or political subdivision thereof.                     "HSR Act" shall mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.                     "Legal Requirement" shall mean the requirements of any law, ordinance, statute, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree, injunction, franchise, determination, approval, permit, license, authorization or other requirement of any Governmental Authority.                     "Lien" shall mean, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, adverse claim or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset.                     "Local Authority" shall mean any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction to grant a cable television franchise with respect to all or a portion of any Cable System.                     "Local Authority Consent" shall mean any approval, authorization or consent of a Local Authority necessary for a change in control of a Local Authorization or otherwise in connection with the consummation of the Sale.                     "Local Authorizations" shall mean all authorizations, approvals, franchises, licenses and permits of Local Authorities granted to the Partnership which permit the operation of the Cable Systems as amended, modified or supplemented.                     "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the business of FCCI or any of the Cable Systems.                     "Permitted Liens" shall mean (i) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable; (ii) any carrier's, warehousemen's, mechanic's, materialmen's, repairmen's, employees' or other like Lien arising in the ordinary course of business; (iii) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments and other similar encumbrances which do not materially interfere with the use of the Cable Systems as presently used; and (iv) rights of first refusal in favor of, and restrictions imposed by, Governmental Authorities.                     "Person" shall mean and include an individual, a corporation, a partnership (general, limited or limited liability), a joint venture, a limited liability company, an association, a trust or any other organization or entity, including a Governmental Authority.                     "Purchase Price" shall mean $82,000,000 in the aggregate, allocated among the Cable Systems as provided in Schedule 2.1.                     "Right of First Refusal" shall mean any right of first refusal of a Local Authority in regard to or arising as a result of the Sale.                                          3      5                   "Taxes" shall mean all taxes, fees, duties, imposts, levies, withholdings, tax deficiencies, assessments, and charges, including, without limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, value-added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or other taxes and customs duties of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts relating thereto, imposed by any Governmental Authority (domestic or foreign).                     "Unapproved FCC Assets" shall mean all equipment relating to Unapproved FCC Licenses.                     "Unapproved FCC License" shall mean an FCC License as to which all FCC Consents have not been obtained or do not remain in full force and effect immediately prior to the Closing Date.                     "Unapproved Franchise Areas" shall mean Franchise Areas covered by Unapproved Local Authorizations.                     "Unapproved Franchise Assets" shall mean, with respect to all Unapproved Franchise Areas, all Unapproved Local Authorizations and all related real property and equipment.                     "Unapproved Local Authorizations" shall mean a Local Authorization (other than Right of First Refusal Local Authorizations) as to which all Local Authority Consents have not been obtained or do not remain in full force and effect immediately prior to the Closing Date.                                     ARTICLE II.                                   PURCHASE AND SALE                     SECTION 2.1. PURCHASE AND SALE.                     (a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the conditions set forth herein and to the other terms, conditions and provisions hereof, on a date as soon as practicable following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth herein (the "Closing Date"), FCCI shall execute and deliver to each Purchaser a Bill of Sale pursuant to which FCCI shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall purchase, acquire, accept and pay for, all of FCCI's right, title and interest in all Cable Systems owned by FCCI, including, subject to Section 2.2, FCCI's rights under the Cable System Contracts and each Purchaser shall execute and deliver a Bill of Sale and thereby assume and agree to perform in accordance with their terms the Cable System Contracts, FCC Licenses and Local Authorizations (the "Sale"). Schedule 2.1 hereto sets forth the Cable Systems of FCCI to be purchased by each respective Purchaser and the portion of the Purchase Price to be paid by each such Purchaser.                                          4      6                   (b) At the Closing, the Purchasers shall, severally but not jointly, deliver to FCCI the Purchase Price related to the respective Cable Systems to be purchased by them in immediately available funds (by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by FCCI prior to the Closing Date).                     SECTION 2.2.  LACK OF CONSENTS. If the Sale requires the consent of another Person under any Cable System Contract and such consent has not been obtained prior to the Closing Date or does not remain in full force and effect at the Closing Date, such failure to obtain such consent or failure of such consent to be in full force and effect shall not itself constitute a breach of any provision hereof. FCCI shall, with respect to each such Cable System Contract, use its reasonable commercial efforts (at the expense of the Purchaser of such Cable System Contract and at no out-of-pocket expense to FCCI, but without such Purchaser being required to provide any consideration therefor) to: (i) keep each such Cable System Contract in effect and obtain such consent; (ii) provide to the appropriate Purchaser the benefits of each such Cable System Contract through subcontract or otherwise; (iii) cooperate in any reasonable arrangement designed to provide such benefits to such Purchaser; and (iv) enforce, at the request and sole expense of the appropriate Purchaser, any rights of such Purchaser included in the Cable Systems under or with respect to any such Cable System Contract against all other Persons (including termination of the foregoing in accordance with the terms thereof upon the election of such Purchaser), in each case of clauses (i)-(iv) to the extent that any Purchaser performs all obligations of FCCI under such Cable System Contract. If all such consents under any such Cable System Contract are obtained after the Closing Date, FCCI shall promptly assign such Cable System Contract to the appropriate Purchaser and such Purchaser shall assume all obligations under such Cable System Contract with respect to periods following such assignment, in each case without the payment of additional consideration by any Purchaser or FCCI.                     SECTION 2.3.  LACK OF REGULATORY APPROVALS.                     (a) If immediately prior to the Closing Date any Local Authority Consent or FCC Consent has not been obtained or does not remain in full force and effect immediately prior to the Closing Date, such failure to obtain such Local Authority Consent or FCC Consent or such failure of such Local Authority Consents or FCC Consent to be in full force and effect shall not itself constitute a breach of any provision hereof.                     (b) If at any time following the Closing Date, FCCI is able to transfer to the appropriate Purchaser (or a designee of such Purchaser) an Unapproved Local Authorization or an Unapproved FCC License, FCCI shall promptly transfer to such Purchaser (or such designee of such Purchaser) such Unapproved Local Authorization and all related Unapproved Franchise Assets and such Unapproved FCC License and all related Unapproved FCC Assets, as the case may be. Such Purchaser (or such designee of such Purchaser), as the case may be, shall assume, pay, perform and discharge the obligations arising after the Closing Date under or in respect of any such Unapproved Local Authorization or Unapproved FCC License so transferred.                                          5      7                   SECTION 2.4.  RECEIPT OF CONSENTS. It is the intent of the parties that the arrangements described in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 continue for the shortest possible time, and to this end they agree to use reasonable commercial efforts to obtain all consents (including Local Authority Consents) to the Sale referred to in said Sections as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date. FHGLP shall coordinate the efforts to obtain such consents, and the Purchasers shall be responsible for all costs, expenses, liabilities, obligations and burdens with respect to such consents (allocated to the appropriate Cable System).                     SECTION 2.5.  NO ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES. FCCI shall retain, shall continue to be responsible after the Closing for, shall pay, perform and discharge, and shall indemnify and hold the Purchasers and each of their Affiliates harmless from and against, all liabilities and obligations (whether incurred, accrued, arising or known prior to, at or after the Closing, whether or not known, suspected, asserted or claimed at the Closing or at any time theretofore or thereafter, whether or not reflected or provided for, or required to be reflected or provided for, in any balance sheet of FCCI and whether fixed, liquidated, unliquidated, absolute, contingent or otherwise) which relate to or arise out of the business, assets or operations of FCCI as heretofore, currently or hereafter conducted through the Closing Date, any of the Cable Systems or the past operation, condition or use of any of the Cable Systems, including those related to: (i) product liability; (ii) general tort liability; (iii) any other activity undertaken by FCCI or relating to any of the Cable Systems; or (iv) any obligation or liability of FCCI to any of its partners or in respect of 
                        
	





 -- End of Preview -- 














View other agreements from Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties Agreements

Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties - Pursuant To The Partnership Agreement
Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties - Attorneys For Plaintiff And The Settlement Class
Falcon Classic Cable Income Properties - A California Limited Partnership





View other Asset Purchase Agreements

General Motors / Clutch Operating Company, Inc. - Asset Purchase Agreement
Starbucks / Diedrich Coffee - Agreement of Purchase And Sale of Assets
Republic Engineered Products - Asset Purchase Agreement Dated As of June 7, 2002
Monterey Pasta - Asset Purchase Agreement
Pfizer / Phibro Animal Health - Asset Purchase Agreement










Home| 
               About Us|
               FAQ|
                Subscription |
               Contact Us |
               







Privacy Policy  
                Terms of Service
                 
                


                © Copyright Socratek L.L.C. 2011
            





FALCON CABLEVISION A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - LOS ANGELES, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LOS ANGELES



Cable and Other Pay Television Services



Cable Television Services



                            FALCON CABLEVISION A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                    



 





















F 


FALCON CABLEVISION A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10900 WILSHIRE BLVD FL 15 LOS ANGELES, CA 90024
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1984
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $240,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Cable Television Services
 Contacts MARC NATHANSON







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1984 the company has been providing Cable Television Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP











Company number A25467
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 954112568
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Partnership
        

Home State CA
        

Last activity date 10/28/2001
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/5/1987
        

Principal Address
            12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131
            


Mailing Address 12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131
        
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Principals

G
                Falcon Media Investors Group A Ca L P
                 


Address
                12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131
                 




                Falcon Cable Communications Llc
                 


Address
                12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131
                 







Last Annual Reports

2001 2/16/2001
            

2001 2/16/2001
            

2000 12/11/2000
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPAMERICA, INC. (c)
        

Agent Address
                416 S.E. 15 STREET, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33316
                

FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP Events

1 REVOCATION
            

filedDate 5/11/1990
            


2 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 6/19/1990
            


3 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 8/27/1993
            


4 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 10/6/1998
            


5 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/29/2000
            


6 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 12/11/2000
            


7 VOLUNTARY           CANCELLATION
            

filedDate 10/28/2001
            

Description
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP has been set up 11/5/1987 in state CA.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP principal adress is 12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE, SUITE 100, ST. LOUIS, MO, 63131. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPAMERICA, INC. 416 S.E. 15 STREET, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33316.  
The company`s management are G - Falcon Media Investors Group A Ca L P,  - Falcon Cable Communications Llc. The last significant event in the company history is VOLUNTARY           CANCELLATION which is dated by 10/28/2001. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 2/16/2001.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
FALCON CABLE SPLICING ,INC
FALCON CABLEVISION, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
FALCON CAMARGO, LLC
FALCON CAMDEN, LLC
FALCON CANDY CO.
FALCON CAPITAL ASSET GROUP, INC.
















FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - Cable Station Profile - FCC Public Inspection Files















 Skip to main content Skip to footer and contact information 



This entity has confirmed that it is uploading to the online public inspection file all new public and political file material on a going-forward basis.
 









Cable Profile 


FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


PSID 001403






Search Station Profile







 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cable System Info

Legal Name:
FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
PSID:
001403
Facility Type:
Cable System
Operator Address:

                                                                        12405 POWERSCOURT DRIVE
                                                                                                            ST LOUIS, MO 63131
                                    800-892-4357 [phone]  Operator E-Mail
 Operator Website

Principal Headend:
This information is kept in the local file.
Communities Served:




CUID
County
Community




NC0119
NEW HANOVER
KURE BEACH


NC0151
NEW HANOVER
CAROLINA BEACH


NC0152
NEW HANOVER
NEW HANOVER


NC0171
ONSLOW
CAMP LEJEUNE


NC0338
PENDER
SURF CITY


NC0339
PENDER
TOPSAIL BEACH


NC0340
DUPLIN
WARSAW


NC0368
NEW HANOVER
FORT FISHER AFB


NC0377
ONSLOW
RICHLANDS


NC0427
ONSLOW
HOLLY RIDGE


NC0428
PENDER
PENDER (NORTHERN)


NC0479
DUPLIN
BEULAVILLE


NC0482
DUPLIN
DUPLIN


NC0485
DUPLIN
MAGNOLIA


NC0487
ONSLOW
ONSLOW


NC0489
DUPLIN
ROSEHILL


NC0490
ONSLOW
SNEADS FERRY


NC0491
DUPLIN
TEACHEY


NC0492
DUPLIN
WALLACE


NC0493
DUPLIN
CALYPSO


NC0495
DUPLIN
FAISON


NC0965
ONSLOW
NORTH TOPSAIL BEACH


NC1023
DUPLIN
KENANSVILLE


NC1149
NEW HANOVER
WILMINGTON




Zip Codes Served:

                                28325, 28341, 28349, 28365, 28398, 28409, 28411, 28412, 28425, 28428, 28443, 28445, 28449, 28453, 28454, 28457, 28458, 28460, 28464, 28466, 28518, 28521, 28540, 28541, 28542, 28543, 28544, 28545, 28546, 28547, 28574                            
General Resources

 Part 76 of the Code of Federal Regulations
 Emergency Alert Procedures for Cable Systems

 

 
For help or assistance please contact us at 1-877-480-3201 or 1-717-338-2824 (TTY) or you may submit requests online via e-support.
 













































FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - Cable Station Profile - FCC Public Inspection Files















 Skip to main content Skip to footer and contact information 



This entity has confirmed that it is uploading to the online public inspection file all new public and political file material on a going-forward basis.
 









Cable Profile 


FALCON CABLE MEDIA, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


PSID 001403






Search Station Profile







 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Quick View of Document Uploads




Today 0












Yesterday 0












Earlier this week 0












Earlier this month 4






Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 2nd Quarter Childrens Certifications - Part 4
07/20/2017 10:26 AM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 2nd Quarter Childrens Certifications - Part 3
07/13/2017 5:20 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 2nd Quarter Childrens Certifications - Part 2
07/10/2017 6:39 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 2nd Quarter Childrens Certifications
07/10/2017 12:57 PM










Older 683






Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional 4
06/14/2017 4:21 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional 3
05/15/2017 2:53 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional 2
05/10/2017 6:50 PM




Operator Interests in Video Programming


Charter Attributable Interests 2017 - rev 3-29-17
04/25/2017 12:20 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional
04/18/2017 11:27 AM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications Part 4
04/10/2017 5:45 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications Part 1
04/10/2017 5:45 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications Part 2
04/10/2017 5:44 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2017 - Charter - 1st Quarter Childrens Certifications Part 3
04/10/2017 5:44 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2015 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12584 - New Hanover Cnty NC
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2013 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12584 - New Hanover County NC
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2013 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12584 - New Hanover County, NC - Compliance Certificate
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2013 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow County, NC
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2015 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow Cnty NC
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2013 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow County, NC - Compliance Certificate
03/03/2017 12:12 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2014 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12584 - New Hanover County, NC
03/02/2017 3:05 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2014 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow County, NC
03/02/2017 3:04 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


2012 - Public File Report - OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow County, NC
03/02/2017 3:04 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2016 - Charter - 4th Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional 2
01/20/2017 3:22 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2016 - Charter - 4th Quarter Childrens Certifications - Additional
01/13/2017 11:19 AM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2016 - Charter - 4th Quarter Childrens Certifications
01/09/2017 7:09 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Greenville-New%20Bern%20IC_09192016_62293494
12/22/2016 11:57 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 11:11 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 11:10 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 11:10 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 11:09 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016_3
12/22/2016 11:09 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016_2
12/22/2016 11:09 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20Mccrory_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 11:07 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_9
12/22/2016 10:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_8
12/22/2016 10:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_7
12/22/2016 10:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_6
12/22/2016 10:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 10:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 10:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_11
12/22/2016 10:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_10
12/22/2016 10:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_9
12/22/2016 10:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_8
12/22/2016 10:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_7
12/22/2016 10:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_6
12/22/2016 10:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 10:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_15
12/22/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_14
12/22/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_13
12/22/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_12
12/22/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_11
12/22/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_10
12/22/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_9
12/22/2016 10:11 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_8
12/22/2016 10:10 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_7
12/22/2016 10:10 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_6
12/22/2016 10:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_3
12/22/2016 10:07 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 09:20 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_6
12/22/2016 09:20 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 09:19 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 09:19 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_3
12/22/2016 09:18 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_2
12/22/2016 09:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 08:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 08:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 08:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_3
12/22/2016 08:57 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_2
12/22/2016 08:57 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016
12/22/2016 08:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_7
12/22/2016 08:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_6
12/22/2016 08:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_5
12/22/2016 08:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_4
12/22/2016 08:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_3
12/22/2016 08:52 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_11272016_2
12/22/2016 08:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Connie Jordan


Connie%20Jordan_Wilmington_10172016_974659
12/22/2016 08:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Connie Jordan


Connie%20Jordan_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 4:32 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Linda Williams


Linda%20Williams_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 4:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Linda Williams


Linda%20Williams_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 4:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Larry Yarborough


Larry%20Yarborough_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 4:12 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest


Dan%20Forest_Greenville,%20NC_09262016_945690
12/21/2016 4:08 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest


Dan%20Forest_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_935006
12/21/2016 4:08 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Steve Troxler


Steve%20Troxler_Wilmington_11032016_977999
12/21/2016 4:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 3:14 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_3
12/21/2016 3:14 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 3:14 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 3:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 3:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_3
12/21/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 3:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:53 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest - Govenor


Dan%20Forest_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:38 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest


Dan%20Forest_Invoice_11272016_Greenville
12/21/2016 2:38 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest


Dan%20Forest_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:37 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Hugh Blackwell


Hugh%20Blackwell_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:22 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Steve Troxler


Steve%20Troxler_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 2:17 PM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10172016_62353095
12/21/2016 11:52 AM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 11:08 AM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 11:07 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Deborah Ross


Deborah%20Ross_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 10:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_11272016_2
12/21/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Victory 2016 Committee


Victory%202016%20Committee_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Victory 2016 Committee


Victory%202016%20Committee_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 10:02 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC


Senate%20Majority%20PAC_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 09:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PACInvoice_11272016_Greenville
12/21/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PACInvoice_11272016_3%20Greenville
12/21/2016 09:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PACInvoice_11272016_2%20Greenville
12/21/2016 09:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PAC_Invoice_11272016
12/21/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62319637
12/21/2016 09:02 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salman_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 3:14 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salman_Invoice_11272016_4
12/20/2016 3:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salman_Invoice_11272016_3
12/20/2016 3:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salman_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 3:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 3:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 3:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 3:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 2:32 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 2:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 2:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016_3
12/20/2016 1:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 1:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 1:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 1:52 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 1:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 1:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund%20proj%20202166_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62356469
12/20/2016 1:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington_10242016_62354167
12/20/2016 1:22 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington_10242016_62340729
12/20/2016 1:22 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62355784
12/20/2016 1:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10242016_62354168
12/20/2016 1:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10242016_62340727
12/20/2016 1:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/AFSCME People Project 202120


AFSCME%20People%20Project%20202120_DirecTV_Raleigh_10172016_62350166
12/20/2016 1:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/A Better North Carolina


A%20Better%20North%20Carolina_Wilmington_10312016_62360524
12/20/2016 12:52 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Raleigh_10312016_62362653
12/20/2016 12:49 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Raleigh_10312016_62361570
12/20/2016 12:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Wilmington_11072016_62362654
12/20/2016 12:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Wilmington_10312016_62361571
12/20/2016 12:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 11:32 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 11:32 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 11:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 11:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 11:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 11:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 10:57 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Human Rights Campaign


Human%20Rights%20Campaign_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 10:32 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Human Rights Campaign


Human%20Rights%20Campaign_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 10:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_5
12/20/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_4
12/20/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_3
12/20/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_Greenville
12/20/2016 10:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_7%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_6%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_5%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_4%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_3%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_2%20Greenville
12/20/2016 10:07 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 09:55 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_6
12/20/2016 09:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_5
12/20/2016 09:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_4
12/20/2016 09:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_3
12/20/2016 09:53 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 09:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/AFSCME People Project 202120


AFSCME%20People%20Project%20202120_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 09:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/A Better North Carolina


A%20Better%20North%20Carolina_Invoice_11272016
12/20/2016 09:07 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Invoice_11272016_
12/20/2016 08:58 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Invoice_11272016_2
12/20/2016 08:58 AM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


Charter - 2016 3rd Quarter Additional Childrens Programming Certifications (3)
12/19/2016 4:55 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


Charter - 2016 3rd Quarter Additional Childrens Programming Certifications (2)
12/19/2016 4:55 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20IC_11072016_62362652
12/19/2016 4:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20IC_10312016_62361567
12/19/2016 4:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Invoice_11272016_2
12/19/2016 3:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/45 Committee


45%20Committee_Invoice_11272016
12/19/2016 3:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_2
11/25/2016 12:32 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016
11/25/2016 12:31 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_6
11/25/2016 12:31 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_5
11/25/2016 12:31 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_4
11/25/2016 12:30 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_3
11/25/2016 12:30 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_2
11/25/2016 12:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016
11/25/2016 12:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016_2
11/25/2016 12:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Invoice_09252016
11/25/2016 12:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_9
11/23/2016 1:21 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_8
11/23/2016 1:21 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_7
11/23/2016 1:20 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_6
11/23/2016 1:19 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_5
11/23/2016 1:19 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_4
11/23/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_11
11/23/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_09252016_10
11/23/2016 1:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Political Victory Fund


Political%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_Wilmington
11/23/2016 11:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Political Victory Fund


Political%20Victory%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_2_Wilmington
11/23/2016 11:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 4:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 4:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 4:01 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_6
11/22/2016 4:01 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_5
11/22/2016 4:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_4
11/22/2016 4:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_3
11/22/2016 3:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 3:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 3:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_3
11/22/2016 3:58 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 3:58 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Democracy For America


Democracy%20For%20America_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 09:46 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Democracy For America


Democracy%20For%20America_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 09:46 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 09:45 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA_Invoice_09252016_3
11/22/2016 09:45 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 09:45 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_09252016_3
11/22/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_09252016_2
11/22/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Invoice_09252016
11/22/2016 09:33 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_9
11/18/2016 2:53 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_8
11/18/2016 2:52 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_7
11/18/2016 2:52 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_6
11/18/2016 2:51 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_5
11/18/2016 2:51 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_4
11/18/2016 2:50 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_3
11/18/2016 2:50 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_22
11/18/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_21
11/18/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_20
11/18/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_19
11/18/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_18
11/18/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_17
11/18/2016 2:46 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_16
11/18/2016 2:46 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_15
11/18/2016 2:45 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_14
11/18/2016 2:45 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_13
11/18/2016 2:44 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_12
11/18/2016 2:44 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_11
11/18/2016 2:43 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016_10
11/18/2016 2:43 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 2:42 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Rebuilding America Now


Rebuilding%20American%20Now_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 09:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Rebuilding America Now


Rebuilding%20American%20Now_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 09:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 09:48 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 09:48 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 09:47 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 09:47 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 09:41 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_9
11/18/2016 09:40 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_8
11/18/2016 09:40 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_7
11/18/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_6
11/18/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_5
11/18/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_4
11/18/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_3
11/18/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 09:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_08282016
11/18/2016 09:05 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_08282016_5
11/18/2016 09:05 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_08282016_4
11/18/2016 09:04 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_08282016_3
11/18/2016 09:04 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_08282016_2
11/18/2016 09:04 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016
11/17/2016 4:40 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_7
11/17/2016 4:40 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_6
11/17/2016 4:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_5
11/17/2016 4:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_4
11/17/2016 4:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_3
11/17/2016 4:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Invoice_08282016_2
11/17/2016 4:37 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Invoice_08282016
11/17/2016 2:17 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Steve Troxler


Steve%20Troxler_Raleigh%20Interconnect_10312016_977024%20
11/17/2016 11:42 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62360632
11/17/2016 11:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Paperwork_11012016
11/14/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Paperwork_11012016
11/14/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Paperwork_11012016
11/14/2016 09:33 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Paperwork_11012016
11/14/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Paperwork_11012016
11/14/2016 09:24 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62361078
11/14/2016 09:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62360813
11/09/2016 12:56 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62342527
11/09/2016 12:56 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62361787
11/09/2016 12:54 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62361695
11/09/2016 12:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Human Rights Campaign


Human%20Rights%20Campaign_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62362336
11/09/2016 12:52 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10242016_62342526
11/09/2016 12:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Victory 2016 Committee


Victory%202016%20Committee_Paperwork_10272016
11/08/2016 12:15 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Victory 2016 Committee


Victory%202016%20Committee_Paperwork_10272016
11/08/2016 12:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Victory 2016 Committee


Victory%202016%20Committee_Paperwork_10272016
11/08/2016 12:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62362735
11/08/2016 10:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62362734
11/08/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_626362737
11/08/2016 10:12 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62362566
11/08/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Black Conservative Funds PAC


Black%20Conservative%20Funds%20PAC_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62361153
11/08/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Human Rights Campaign


Human%20Rights%20Campaign_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62362335
11/08/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Human Rights Campaign


Human%20Rights%20Campaign_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62362337
11/08/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Durham%20Plus,%20NC_10312016_62361145
11/08/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Durham%20Plus,%20NC_10312016_62361131
11/08/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62360179
11/04/2016 3:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Freedom Partners Action Fund


Freedom%20Partners%20Action%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62360180
11/04/2016 3:07 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Wilmington%20Interconnect_10242016_975543
11/04/2016 3:04 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Paperwork_10272016
11/04/2016 3:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62340734
11/04/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62340752
11/04/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Greenville-New%20Bern_10312016_62358767
11/03/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62358769
11/03/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62358711
11/03/2016 10:07 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62358476
11/03/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62358445
11/03/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10312016_62359097
11/03/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10312016_62359032
11/03/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Deborah Ross


Deborah%20Ross_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62358902
11/03/2016 09:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_11072016_62355480
11/01/2016 3:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62355468
11/01/2016 3:27 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62350066_R1
11/01/2016 09:47 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62355081
11/01/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62355069
11/01/2016 09:37 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62355931
11/01/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Linda Williams


Linda%20Williams_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10242016_62356125
11/01/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Linda Williams


Linda%20Williams_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10242016_62355834
11/01/2016 09:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Larry Yarborough


Larry%20Yarborough_Durham%20Plus,%20NC_10312016_62355619%20
11/01/2016 09:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62356195
10/31/2016 1:57 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund%20proj%20202166_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62351550
10/31/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV Victory Fund proj 202166


LCV%20Victory%20Fund%20proj%20202166_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62356485
10/31/2016 1:37 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Hugh Blackwell


Hugh%20Blackwell_Caldwell_10242016_974829
10/30/2016 3:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_New%20Hanover-Brunswick_10172016_975106
10/27/2016 2:42 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62354959
10/27/2016 10:58 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Deborah Ross


Deborah%20Ross_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62355095
10/27/2016 10:58 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Wilmington%20Interconnect_10172016_974617
10/27/2016 10:36 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Raleigh%20Interconnect_10172016_974626
10/27/2016 10:35 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Dale Folwell


Dale%20Folwell_Greenville%20Interconnect_10172016_974627
10/27/2016 10:35 AM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_Paperwork_10182016_2
10/27/2016 09:55 AM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_Paperwork_10182016
10/27/2016 09:54 AM




Political Files/2016/State/John Sauls


John%20Sauls_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10172016_62353103
10/27/2016 09:53 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62353995
10/26/2016 09:52 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62353989
10/26/2016 09:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62351649
10/26/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62352638
10/25/2016 1:19 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62352637
10/25/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62352636
10/25/2016 1:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351615
10/24/2016 3:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_DISH%20Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62351627
10/24/2016 3:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_DISH%20Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62351624
10/24/2016 3:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_DISH%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351622
10/24/2016 3:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62351657
10/24/2016 3:22 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62351655
10/24/2016 3:22 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62351562
10/24/2016 3:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/LCV NC 202137


LCV%20NC%20202137_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351550
10/24/2016 3:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351563
10/24/2016 2:44 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351561
10/24/2016 2:43 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10242016_62351230
10/24/2016 2:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62351232
10/24/2016 2:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62351231
10/24/2016 2:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Deborah Ross


Deborah%20Ross_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62351672
10/24/2016 2:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PAC%20Proj%20202175_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62350092_R1
10/24/2016 12:58 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PAC%20Proj%20202175_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10312016_62350204
10/24/2016 12:57 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PAC%20Proj%20202175_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10242016_62350310
10/24/2016 12:57 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62350065
10/24/2016 12:48 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62349981
10/24/2016 12:48 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62350067
10/24/2016 12:48 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62350011
10/24/2016 12:47 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62349983
10/24/2016 12:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Citizen for NC


Citizens%20for%20NC_Paperwork_10182016
10/24/2016 12:33 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62349732
10/24/2016 12:32 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10172016_62349731
10/24/2016 12:32 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62326674_R1
10/24/2016 10:26 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62350799
10/24/2016 10:13 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA


Priorities%20USA_Wilmington,%20NC_09292016_62319630
10/22/2016 11:36 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62335883
10/22/2016 11:35 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Great American PAC


Great%20America%20PAC_Paperwork_10012016
10/20/2016 10:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Great American PAC


Great%20America%20PAC_Paperwork_10062016
10/20/2016 10:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Great American PAC


Great%20American%20PAC_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62347558
10/20/2016 10:38 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


Charter - 2016 3rd Quarter Additional Childrens Programming Certifications
10/20/2016 7:08 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62350066
10/20/2016 2:29 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62349982
10/20/2016 2:28 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DISH%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62350072
10/20/2016 2:28 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62349995
10/20/2016 2:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Majority PAC Proj 202175


Senate%20Majority%20PAC%20Proj%20202175_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62350092
10/20/2016 2:25 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Cilnton_DISH%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62326718
10/20/2016 2:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/AFSCME People Project 202120


AFSCME%20People%20Project%20202120_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62350074
10/20/2016 2:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/AFSCME People Project 202120


AFSCME%20People%20Project%20202120_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62350166
10/20/2016 2:16 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62349168
10/19/2016 2:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62349165
10/19/2016 2:22 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62349167
10/18/2016 10:08 AM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


Public File Report – OPERATIONS - 12583 - Onslow County, NC
10/13/2016 1:38 PM




Equal Employment Opportunity Records/Additional Documents/EEO Public File Reports


Public File Report – OPERATIONS - 12584 - New Hanover County, NC
10/13/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Republican Governors Association


Republican%20Governors%20Association_Paperwork_10052016
10/12/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Republican Governors Association


Republican%20Governors%20Association_Paperwork_03212016
10/12/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/SEIU Cope Project


SEIU%20Cope%20Project_Paperwork_09162016
10/12/2016 2:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/SEIU Cope Project


SEIU%20Cope%20Project_Paperwork_09162016
10/12/2016 2:06 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Republican Governors Association


Republican%20Governors%20Association_Paperwork_10052016
10/12/2016 2:05 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Republican Governors Association


Republican%20Governors%20Association_Paperwork_03212016
10/12/2016 2:04 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington%20Int.,%20NC_10102016_62347750
10/12/2016 1:19 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington%20Int.,%20NC_10102016_62347744
10/12/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62346732_R1
10/12/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62326664_R2
10/12/2016 1:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62347749
10/12/2016 1:13 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62347743
10/12/2016 1:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62347742
10/12/2016 12:58 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62279823
10/12/2016 11:58 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10312016_62340733
10/12/2016 11:33 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62340735
10/12/2016 11:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62347421
10/12/2016 11:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62347436
10/12/2016 11:16 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62335632_R1
10/12/2016 11:15 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62335648
10/12/2016 11:15 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62279641
10/12/2016 11:14 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62335639
10/12/2016 11:13 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62335652
10/12/2016 11:13 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62335645
10/12/2016 11:12 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62279631
10/12/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62335628
10/12/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62279819
10/12/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62279815
10/12/2016 09:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62347803
10/12/2016 09:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62340084
10/12/2016 09:07 AM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2016 - Charter - 3rd Quarter Childrens Certifications
10/10/2016 5:31 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Cart-Craven%20Cty,%20NC_10032016_62344922%20
10/10/2016 2:33 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_New%20Han-Brun%20Cty,%20NC_10032016_62344924%20
10/10/2016 2:32 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62347613
10/10/2016 2:18 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62347605
10/10/2016 2:18 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62279642
10/10/2016 2:17 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62345644
10/10/2016 2:14 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62345637
10/10/2016 2:14 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62345691
10/10/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62345690
10/10/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62345646
10/10/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62345639
10/10/2016 2:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62279626
10/10/2016 2:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62346732
10/10/2016 12:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62326664_R1
10/10/2016 12:37 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62347422
10/07/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62347420
10/07/2016 3:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62346731
10/07/2016 11:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62346733
10/07/2016 11:02 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62345909
10/07/2016 10:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62345894
10/07/2016 10:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62279632
10/07/2016 10:57 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62345893
10/07/2016 10:57 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62345406
10/06/2016 2:46 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62345402
10/06/2016 2:46 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62345876
10/06/2016 2:45 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62345737
10/06/2016 2:45 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA-ILA


NRA-ILA_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62345612
10/06/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA-ILA


NRA-ILA_Paperwork_10062016
10/06/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Durham%20Plus,%20NC_10032016_62344923
10/06/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62345875
10/06/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62345736
10/06/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62345407
10/06/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62345877
10/06/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62345738
10/06/2016 09:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Paperwork_09272016
10/03/2016 12:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Paperwork_09272016
10/03/2016 12:58 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62340712
10/03/2016 12:57 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62340207
10/03/2016 12:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Paperwork_09272016
10/03/2016 12:52 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62340208
10/03/2016 11:02 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10032016_62340206
10/03/2016 10:55 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62340744
10/03/2016 10:37 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62342027
10/03/2016 10:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62340252
10/03/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62340232
10/03/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62342041
10/03/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62341882
10/03/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62341898
10/03/2016 09:57 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect,%20NC_10032016_62341897
10/03/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect,%20NC_10032016_62341880
10/03/2016 09:41 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62335611_R1
10/03/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62279613
10/03/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62335632
10/03/2016 09:39 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_DirecTV%20Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62335614
10/03/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62340728
10/03/2016 09:38 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62342847
09/30/2016 4:33 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62342846
09/30/2016 4:33 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62342047
09/30/2016 4:24 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62341896
09/30/2016 4:23 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62341881
09/30/2016 4:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62342042
09/30/2016 1:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62342028
09/30/2016 1:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62340216
09/30/2016 1:39 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62340215
09/30/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62342026
09/30/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10172016_62340225
09/30/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DNC 441ad Proj 200190


DNC%20441ad%20Proj%20200190_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62340214
09/30/2016 1:38 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62341864
09/29/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62340252
09/29/2016 3:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62340713
09/29/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10032016_62339447
09/29/2016 10:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Greenville-New%20Bern%20IC,%20NC_10172016_62340711
09/29/2016 10:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62339449
09/29/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62339448
09/29/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62337684
09/29/2016 09:58 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62337622
09/29/2016 09:58 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62337948
09/29/2016 09:48 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62339383
09/28/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62339317
09/28/2016 10:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62339385
09/28/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62339319
09/28/2016 10:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_Paperwork_09262016
09/28/2016 09:47 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_11072016_62340150
09/28/2016 09:46 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_11072016_62340143
09/28/2016 09:46 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10312016_62340137
09/28/2016 09:45 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10312016_62340131
09/28/2016 09:45 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10242016_62340121
09/28/2016 09:44 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10172016_62340112
09/28/2016 09:44 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10172016_62340102
09/28/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10102016_62340101
09/28/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Brad Salmon


Brad%20Salmon_BCR-Lee-Har-John%20Cty,%20NC_10032016_62340071
09/28/2016 09:42 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62340253
09/27/2016 5:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62340233
09/27/2016 5:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62340227
09/27/2016 5:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62340216
09/27/2016 5:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62340208
09/27/2016 5:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10242016_62340231
09/27/2016 5:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10312016_62340251
09/27/2016 5:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10172016_62340225
09/27/2016 5:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62340214
09/27/2016 5:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62340206
09/27/2016 5:03 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09262016_62340084
09/27/2016 5:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62340232
09/27/2016 3:55 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62340226
09/27/2016 3:54 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62340215
09/27/2016 3:54 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62340207
09/27/2016 3:53 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62340085
09/27/2016 3:52 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62338313
09/26/2016 2:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62339430
09/26/2016 1:34 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10032016_62339427
09/26/2016 1:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62339384
09/26/2016 1:23 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62339429
09/26/2016 1:23 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62335611
09/26/2016 1:17 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Women Vote Proj 202088


Women%20Vote%20_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62338083
09/26/2016 09:23 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09262016_62338311
09/26/2016 09:17 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62337623
09/23/2016 3:32 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62337621
09/23/2016 3:22 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09192016_62279599
09/22/2016 2:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62337272
09/22/2016 12:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62337269
09/22/2016 12:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA Political Victory Fun


NRA%20Political%20Victory%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62336469
09/21/2016 3:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62332815
09/20/2016 2:06 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62335762
09/20/2016 2:06 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62335884
09/20/2016 09:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62335879
09/20/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62335763
09/20/2016 09:27 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10242016_62335882
09/20/2016 09:24 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62335877
09/20/2016 09:24 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62335761
09/20/2016 09:24 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62335237
09/19/2016 2:38 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62335161
09/19/2016 2:37 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62334389
09/19/2016 2:32 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62335162
09/19/2016 09:52 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62335264
09/19/2016 09:48 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62332801
09/19/2016 09:48 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62335263
09/19/2016 09:47 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62334388
09/19/2016 09:44 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/DSCC IE Proj 203074


DSCC%20IE%20Proj%20203074_Raleigh,%20NC__09192016_62334308
09/19/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09192016_62335160
09/19/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09122016_62335262
09/19/2016 09:43 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Taylor Griffin


Taylor%20Griffin_Paperwork_05092016_2
09/16/2016 12:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Taylor Griffin


Taylor%20Griffin_Paperwork_05092016
09/16/2016 12:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Taylor Griffin


Taylor%20Griffin_OuterBanks_05232016_11447799
09/16/2016 12:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20%20Interconnect_09192016_62334387
09/15/2016 3:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Raleigh,%20NC__09122016_62332774
09/13/2016 4:33 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62332827
09/13/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62332816
09/13/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62332775
09/13/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10242016_62332825
09/13/2016 2:49 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_10102016_62332814
09/13/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09262016_62332800
09/13/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US Senate/Richard Burr


Richard%20Burr_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09122016_62332773
09/13/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62333127
09/13/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62332370
09/13/2016 2:44 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2015 - CHTR - 4th Q Childrens Programming
09/12/2016 4:19 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62333128
09/12/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Paperwork_08292016
09/12/2016 3:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Greenville-New%20Bern,%20NC_09122016_62333116
09/12/2016 3:07 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


2015 - CHTR - 3rd Q Childrens Programming
09/09/2016 4:03 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


Charter - 2016 1st Quarter Childrens Programming Certifications
09/09/2016 2:02 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62329629%20
09/08/2016 3:09 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62329622
09/08/2016 3:09 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09192016_62329615
09/08/2016 3:09 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09122016_62329608
09/08/2016 3:09 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20Clinton_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_923313995
09/08/2016 2:48 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Greenville-New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09122016_62331393
09/08/2016 2:47 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62330789
09/08/2016 12:05 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62330772
09/08/2016 12:05 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62330764
09/08/2016 12:04 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62330756
09/08/2016 12:04 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62330118
09/07/2016 12:18 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Raleigh,%20NC_09052016_62330110
09/07/2016 12:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62329632
09/06/2016 2:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62329625
09/06/2016 2:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62329618
09/06/2016 2:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62329611
09/06/2016 2:00 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62329631
09/06/2016 1:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62329624
09/06/2016 1:59 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Raleigh,%20NC_09192016_62329617
09/06/2016 1:58 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Senate Leadership Fund


Senate%20Leadership%20Fund_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62329610
09/06/2016 1:57 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10242016_62326681
09/02/2016 1:12 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10312016_62326688
09/01/2016 1:45 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10172016_62326674
09/01/2016 1:45 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10102016_62326664
09/01/2016 1:44 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_10032016_62326657
09/01/2016 1:44 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_09262016_62326650
09/01/2016 1:43 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,%20NC_09122016_62326637
09/01/2016 1:42 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Raleigh_08292016_62327195
08/31/2016 09:13 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Raleigh_09192016_62326643
08/31/2016 09:13 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Wilmington,%20NC_08292016_62327197
08/31/2016 09:10 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_10312016_62326689
08/31/2016 09:10 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_10242016_62326682
08/31/2016 09:10 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_10172016_62326675
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_10102016_62326665
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_10032016_62326658
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_09262016_62326651
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62326644
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62326638
08/31/2016 09:09 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary For America


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington,%20NC_09052016_62326631
08/31/2016 09:08 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10312016_62326687
08/31/2016 09:04 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10242016_62326680
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10172016_62326673
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10102016_62326663
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_10032016_62326656
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09262016_62326649
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09192016_62326642
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09122016_62326636
08/31/2016 09:03 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Greenville%20New%20Bern%20Interconnect_09052016_62326629
08/31/2016 09:02 AM




Availability of Signals


Must Carry CHTR PSID 001403
08/26/2016 5:13 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Wilmington%20Int_08232016_62322818
08/24/2016 11:32 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh%20Int,%20NC_08232016_62322847
08/24/2016 11:29 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh%20Int,%20NC_08232016_62322814
08/24/2016 11:28 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Greenville-New%20Bern%20IC_08232016_62322816
08/24/2016 11:28 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Donald Trump


Donald%20Trump_Raleigh_08152016_62322684_R2
08/22/2016 11:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA Political Victory Fun


NRA%20Political%20Victory%20Fund_Wilmington,%20NC%20Interconnect_09122016_62320748_R1
08/19/2016 09:22 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington%20Interconnect_08292016_62321518
08/19/2016 09:20 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President


Hillary%20For%20America_Wilmington%20Interconnect_08222016_62321510
08/19/2016 09:20 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/One Nation


One%20Nation_Raleigh,NC%20Interconnect_08222016_62321890
08/19/2016 09:19 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Raleigh,NC%20Interconnect_08292016_62321517
08/19/2016 09:18 AM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20For%20America_Raleigh,NC%20Interconnect_08222016_62321509
08/19/2016 09:17 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA Political Victory Fun


NRA%20Political%20Victory%20Fun_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62320758_R1
08/18/2016 12:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA Political Victory Fun


NRA%20Political%20Victory%20Fun_Wilmington,%20NC_09192016_62320758
08/18/2016 12:29 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/NRA Political Victory Fun


NRA%20Political%20Victory%20Fun_Wilmington,%20NC_09122016_62320748
08/18/2016 12:29 PM




State and Local Franchising Related Materials


State and Local Franchise PIF  Requirements - CHTR - 6-24-16
08/17/2016 11:51 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Raleigh%20Interconnect,%20NC_09262016_62319693
08/16/2016 09:54 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Rebuilding America Now


Rebuilding%20America%20Now_%20Raleigh%20(IRAL)%20Int,%20NC_080816_62317007
08/09/2016 4:28 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh%20(IRAL)%20Int,%20NC_080816_%2062317279
08/09/2016 4:23 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh%20(IRAL)%20Int,%20NC_080116_62314791
08/09/2016 4:23 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Paperwork_08022016
08/09/2016 4:22 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Pat McCrory


Pat%20McCrory_Raleigh%20Int.%20NC_08012016_62314791
08/03/2016 3:33 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,NC_08012016_%2062311194
07/25/2016 12:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Raleigh,NC_07252016_62311180
07/25/2016 12:38 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Taylor Griffin


Taylor%20Griffin_Invoice_06262016
07/25/2016 12:34 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/Renee Ellmers


Renee%20Ellmers_Invoice_06262016
07/20/2016 5:36 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_6262016b
07/20/2016 5:08 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Priorities USA Action


Priorities%20USA%20Action_Invoice_6262016
07/20/2016 5:07 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/National Republican Senatorial Committee


National%20Republican%20Senatorial%20Committee_Invoice_6262016
07/20/2016 4:47 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_6252016-d
07/19/2016 1:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_6252016-c
07/19/2016 1:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_6252016-b
07/19/2016 1:28 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/President/Hillary Clinton


Hillary%20Clinton_Invoice_6252016
07/19/2016 1:27 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/George Holding


George%20Holding_Invoice_6262016-d
07/19/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/George Holding


George%20Holding_Invoice_6262016-c
07/19/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/George Holding


George%20Holding_Invoice_6262016-b
07/19/2016 1:18 PM




Political Files/2016/Federal/US House/George Holding


George%20Holding_Invoice_6262016-a
07/19/2016 1:17 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Paperwork_5042016
07/12/2016 2:37 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Paperwork_5042016
07/12/2016 2:36 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Cooper%20for%20NC%20NC%2062306420%200829-0911%20(7757)
07/12/2016 2:36 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Cooper%20for%20NC%20NC%2062306419%200829-0911%20(1340)
07/12/2016 2:34 PM




Records Concerning Commercial Limits in Childrens Programs


Charter - 2016 2nd Quarter Childrens Programming Certifications
07/08/2016 7:00 PM




Compatibility with Consumer Electronics Equipment


Compatibility Statement - CHTR - 6-24-16
07/08/2016 6:00 PM




Leased Access


Leased Access Indecent Programming Policy - 6-30-2016
07/08/2016 5:44 PM




Sponsorship Identification


Sponsorship ID - CHTR - 6-24-16
07/08/2016 5:36 PM




Operator Interests in Video Programming


Charter Attributable Interests 2016 (as of January 1 2016) - rev 6-21-16
07/08/2016 5:31 PM




Channels Delivered


Channels Delivered - CHTR - 6-24-16
07/07/2016 4:08 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20NC%2062303211%200704-0717%20(6776)
07/05/2016 3:54 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20NC%2062303219%200711-0724%20(6776)
07/05/2016 3:54 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20NC%2062303231%200718-0731%20(6776)
07/05/2016 3:53 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper%20NC%2062303243%200725-0807%20(6776)
07/05/2016 3:53 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Roy Cooper


Roy%20Cooper_Paperwork_5042016
07/05/2016 3:52 PM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest - Govenor


Dan%20Forest%20NC_Paperwork
06/29/2016 11:12 AM




Political Files/2016/State/Dan Forest - Govenor


Dan%20Forest%20NC%20951448%200926-1107(7757)
06/29/2016 11:12 AM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Carolinians For Freedom


Carolinians%20For%20Freedom_Paperwork
06/27/2016 4:25 PM




Political Files/2016/Non-Candidate Issue Ads/Carolinians For Freedom


Carolinians%20for%20Freedom%20NC%2062299193%201031-1113(6776)%20
06/27/2016 4:24 PM







 

 
For help or assistance please contact us at 1-877-480-3201 or 1-717-338-2824 (TTY) or you may submit requests online via e-support.
 








































