










 







FARMFOLIO GANADERIA PIETRASANTA II LLC - Other- Cooke  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









FARMFOLIO GANADERIA PIETRASANTA II LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    912 Holcomb Bridge Road, Suite 302  
    Roswell, GA, 30076Phone: 404-806-9244 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-07-28


Amended


$464,000


$464,000


Equity Only


06c


SEC link




	2016-10-12


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c


SEC link




	2016-09-27


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jonathan Dax Cooke 
 Executive 


 Peter Kern 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Dax Cooke  Jonathan - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Dax Cooke  Jonathan
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Dax Cooke  Jonathan. Find out Dax Cooke  Jonathan address and contact details. View other people related to Dax Cooke  Jonathan - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

100 North Point Center East Suite 440  Alpharetta 30022 GA




Companies related to Dax Cooke  Jonathan
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001676376Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta LLC912 HOLCOMB BRIDGE ROAD, SUITE 302  ROSWELL 30076




Dax Cooke  Jonathan on the Web
Persons related to Dax Cooke  Jonathan - Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta LLCNamePositionCityCooke  JonathanAlpharettaCooke  JonathanROSWELLKern  PeterROSWELL




Other people with surname CookeCooke  Clifton, Cooke  Matthew, Cooke  Jeff, Cooke  Jeremy, Cooke  Alan, COOKE  PETER, Cooke  Bradford, Cooke  Bradford, Cooke  Michael, Cooke  Evan, Cooke  Douglas, Cooke  G., Cooke  Bradford, Cooke  Kim, COOKE  JOHNNY, Cooke  Bradford, Cooke  Kim, Cooke  Jeff, Cooke  G., Cooke  Thomas, Cooke  Michael, COOKE  PATRICK, Cooke  Jeffrey, Cooke  Alan, COOKE  PETER, Cooke  Ed, Cooke  Richard, Cooke  William, Cooke  William, Cooke  John, COOKE  KYLE, Cooke  Jeff, COOKE  KYLE, Cooke  Guilherme, Cooke  Robert, Cooke  Ed, Cooke  Martin, Cooke  Evan, Cooke  Laurence, Cooke  Brett, Cooke  Bradford, Cooke  James, Cooke  Bradford








 

















 










		
		
		  Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta  $2.58 million  Financing. Peter Kern  Released Jul 27  D form
		
		
		
		
 


 












































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Privacy Policy






Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta  $2.58 million  Financing. Peter Kern  Released Jul 27  D form


					

						July 28, 2017 - By Winifred Garcia

Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Financing
Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Llc, Limited Liability Company just had published form D regarding $2.58 million equity financing. The date of first sale was 2016-06-08. Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta was able to sell $2.38 million. That is 92.23 % of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $2.58 million. The offering form was filed on 2017-07-27. The reason for the financing was: unspecified. The fundraising still has about $200,000 more and is not closed yet. We have to wait more to see if the offering will be fully taken.
 Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta is based in Alabama. The company’s business is not disclosed. The form D was signed by Peter Kern COO of Manager, Farmfolio Holdings LLC. The company was incorporated in 2016. The filler’s address is: 912 Holcomb Bridge Road, Suite 302, Roswell, Ga, Georgia, 30076. Peter Kern is the related person in the form and it has address: 912 Holcomb Bridge Road, Suite 302, Roswell, Ga, Georgia, 30076. Link to Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Filing: 000167637617000001.






Analysis of Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Offering
On average, startups in the not disclosed sector, sell 67.77 % of the total offering size. Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta sold 92.23 % of the offering. The financing is still open. Could this mean that the trust in Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta is high? The average fundraising amount for companies in all industries in our database is $3.05 million. The offering was 22.13 % smaller than the average of $3.05 million. Of course this should not be seen as negative. Businesses get financed for a variety of reasons and needs. The minimum investment for this financing is set at $25000. If you know more about the reasons for the fundraising, please comment below.
What is Form D? What It Is Used For
Form D disclosures could be used to track and understand better your competitors. The information in Form D is usually highly confidential for ventures and startups and they don’t like revealing it. This is because it reveals amount raised or planned to be raised as well as reasons for the financing. This could help competitors. Entrepreneurs usually want to keep their financing a ‘secret’ so they can stay in stealth mode for longer.
Why Fundraising Reporting Is Good For Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Also
The Form D signed by Peter Kern might help Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Llc’s sector. First, it helps potential customers feel more safe to deal with a firm that is well financed. The odds are higher that it will stay in the business. Second, this could attract other investors such as venture-capital firms, funds and angels. Third, positive PR effects could even bring leasing firms and venture lenders.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










 



Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Meta Financial Group (NASDAQ:CASH) Is a Company that FBR Capital Seems to Dislike as Downgrade in Given


Cabot Oil & Gas Corp (COG) Stock Price Rose While Stelliam Investment Management LP Has Raised Holding


What’s Propelling Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CETV) to Increase So Much?


Cdk Global Incorporated (NASDAQ:CDK) on Focus After Report of More Shorts


0.5 is Gigamedia LTD’s (NASDAQ:GIGA) Institutional Investor Sentiment


Open Text Corp (OTEX) Analysts See $0.31 EPS


Confidence in Astrazeneca PLC Common Stock (NYSE:AZN) Shares by Morgan Stanley Fall.


Analysts See $0.07 EPS for Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR)


Principal Financial Group INC Has Decreased Its Prologis INC (PLD) Holding by $7.61 Million


Giga Tronics Inc (NASDAQ:GIGA) Move  as Institutional Investors’ Sentiment  Crashes























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle




Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com














 

Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/238626-farmfolio-ganaderia-pietrasanta-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=238626  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Llc gets funded!Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesGeorgiaAlpharettaIndustry:Other Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors June 15th, 2016$375,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Farmfolio Ganaderia Pietrasanta Llc gets funded?Key peopleJonathan CookeExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!








Ganaderia Pietrasanta II | Farmfolio


























 












































 



  





 















Aginvestor App Investor Login
 






 








Passion FruitCattleTeak treeCoconuts 














68%Available Units160020.74%Average Yield *$1,000Unit Price **Min. Investment: $25,000  Download Term Sheet



 
 Questions about this specific project?
Call: (888) 565-9941
[email protected]

cashing in 


Ganaderia Pietrasanta IIMonteria, Colombia

Overview
Coconut, Teak and Cattle Production in the South American Tropic
Located in the caribbean coastal region of Colombia, Ganaderia Pietrasanta (GP) is a 1270 acre (514 ha) majestic tropical landscape. Comprised of 164 acres (66 ha) of high quality Teak, 36 acres (15 ha) of Organic Passion fruit production as well as 1070 acres (433 ha) of intensive grass fed cattle grazing and an ongoing development of 618 acres (250 ha) of coconut. This property is one of three ranches that used to make part of the region’s iconic farm “La Antioqueña”, a ranch that was built and developed in 1910 by Jose Maria Posada, grandfather to Mauricio Posada, current CEO of GP. “El Balsal”, as the ranch was initially named, is located 1 hour outside the city of Montería, Capital of Córdoba. Known for its plentiful water sources, rich soil and short distance to Colombia’s most prominent ports, Cordoba is the ideal location for agriculture development in Colombia.
Summary



Share Price
Number of Shares
Total Capital to Raise
Avg. 20 Year Yield
20 Year Total Return
IRR


$1,000
5,000
$5,000,000.00
20.74%
414.88%
14.53%





360° Tour



Financial Projection
Financial projections assume current exchange rate of 3,000 and no increase in the land value. These calculations are purely based off of the production of harvests and cattle sales. It is likely that a rise in commodity prices and/or in Colombian Peso could significantly increase the future payouts of this operation.


Rating



Scale
AAA
AA
A
BBB
BB
B


Points
10
9
8
7
6
5




Rating Details

Political Risk — 8
The Colombian political currently stable and is projected to improve with the further economic development of the country.
Currency Risk — 9
The Colombian Peso is currently at an all time high against the USD (3400 to 1). The 10 year average price of the currency is between 2000-2200. The currency is historically tied to the price of certain commodities, primarly oil, due to it’s export levels, however with oil approaching 20 year lows, it could be an opportunistic time to invest in peso denominated assets.
Climate Risk — 9
GP is located in the humid tropical climate of the Northern Carribean coast of Colombia. This area experiences large amounts of rainfall between the months of April-November, however is not subject to traditional tropical risks such as Hurricanes.
Management Risk — 8
The property has been family owned and operated since 1910. Strong background in cattle management and agroforestry implementation.
Financial Risk — 8
The company currently maintains a low Debt to Equity Ratio of 15%, strong track record of financial performance in cattle grazing, and potential for increased performance further modernization of the ranch.




Cattle Operation
From generation to generation, GP has progressed to become one of the region’s most innovative cattle ranchers in the region. Once a traditional grazing ranch, GP has evolved and modernized its cattle operation by implementing the Voisin intensive rotational grazing system. Since implementing the system, GP has become one of the country’s leaders in pastured beef production per hectare. While the national average is 0.5 heads of cattle per hectare, the Voisin system originally developed by the french produces five to six heads of cattle per hectare with daily weight gains of 800-900 grams of grass fed beef which has maximized profitability for the ranch. On average the ranch will rotate 4500 head of cattle between 220-350 kilos. The average time period per head at the ranch is between 3-4 months. During this period it is expected the average weight gain per head will be between 80-100 kilos. Cattle pricing in the region averages 3500-4000 pesos per kilo.  
Agroforestry and Crop Production
In an effort to diversify the farm, GP began implementing agroforestry and crop production. In the early 2000’s. The initial 134 acres (54 ha) of teak were planted in 2004 and were followed by another 30 acres (12 ha) in 2010. The rate of growth and the good quality teak from the plantation at GP is largely credited to the type and high quality seeds put in place; resulting in a large teak forest operation. The teak operation at GP uses 3 key management techniques: Stand Dynamics, Thinning and Pruning, as well as Rotation. These techniques are used by the top teak authorities in the world. Production figures per acre in the region are based on a 18-20 year crop rotation. GP estimates gross production to be $48,886 per acre of logs. In an effort maximize profitability GP will be self harvesting and milling logs into boards onsite. We anticipate this will significantly increase sales pricing, but have not factored this into the revenue projections. More recently, GP has implemented crop production of Maracuya (Yellow Passion Fruit) due to high domestic demand, which has exploded in recent years thanks to the high A and C vitamins this delicious sweet and sour fruit contains as well as its powerful antioxidants. Currently, GP is producing 12 acres (5 ha) of organic production with an additional 24 (10 ha) under development. Maracuya (Yellow passionfruit) vines bear throughout the year at GP but peak periods are between August to December and March to May. At the later time, the fruits are somewhat smaller, with less juice. In Monteria, passion fruits mature from June through January, with heaviest crops in July and August and October and November. Ripe fruits fall to the ground and will roll in between mounded rows. In order to not attract flies or ants, fruits are collected daily to avoid spoilage from soil organisms. Fruits are collected in lugs or boxes, not in bags to prevent “sweating”. If not sent immediately to processing plants, the fruits should be spread out on wire racks where there will be good air circulation. Many factors influence the yield of passionfruit vines. In general, yields of commercial plantations range from 20,000 to 35,000 lbs per acre. At GP, with hand pollination, 36 acres (15 ha) will yield 6.6 tons of fruit. On the average, a bushel of passion fruits at GP weighs 36 lbs (16 kg); yields 13 1/3 lbs (6 kg) of pulp from which is obtained 1 gal (3.785 liters)–that is 10.7 lbs (4.5 kg) of juice, and 2.6 lbs (1.18 kg) of seeds. With some strains, the juice yield is much higher; helping returns to be higher.


Photo Gallery



Capital Uses

increasing the coconut plantings by 43%;
increase cattle inventory.

FINANCING COSTS

Options Exercise: offering proceeds shall first be used to exercise the Option Rights in order for the Company to acquire the Exercise Shares.

OPERATIONAL COSTS

Cattle Acquisition: offering proceeds shall be used to augment cattle inventory.
Coconut Tree Acquisition: offering proceeds shall be used to augment coconut tree capacity.
Labor Acquisition and Maintenance: offering proceeds shall be used to acquire and maintain additional labor to facilitate and oversee the Opportunity’s growth and improvement.


Location
Montería, a Meca for Tropical Produce in Latin America 
 Overview Coconut, Teak and Cattle Production in the South American Tropic Located in the caribbean coastal region of Colombia, Ganaderia Pietrasanta (GP) is a 1270 acre (514 ha) majestic tropical landscape. Comprised of 164 acres (66 ha) of high quality Teak, 36 acres (15 ha) of Organic Passion fruit production as well as 1070 acres (433  




 




Passion FruitEvery year, the product is consumed in more markets. Its intense flavour with strong, naturally concentrated aroma makes passion fruit stand out from other tropical fruits. It has become an important ingredient in world cuisine, thereby boosting the product’s marketing and demand.
The value of passionfruit varies widely, prices can range from $14 to $90 per 7 kg carton. Prices are highest from September to November when very little fruit is harvested, and are lowest during the peak harvest periods through summer, autumn and winter.
Passion fruit is good in vitamin C, providing about 30 mg per 100 g. Vitamin-C (ascorbic acid) is a powerful water soluble anti-oxidant. Consumption of fruits rich in vitamin C helps the body develop resistance against flu-like infectious agents and scavenge harmful, pro-inflammatory free radicals. 
The fruit carry very good levels of vitamin-A (provides about 1274 IU per 100 g), and flavonoid antioxidants such as ß-carotene and cryptoxanthin-ß. Current research studies suggest that these compounds have antioxidant properties, and along with vitamin A are essential for good eye-sight.
CattleCattle today are the basis of a multibillion-dollar industry worldwide. The international trade in beef for 2014 was over $30 billion and represented only 23% of world beef production.
The production of milk, which is also made into cheese, butter, yogurt, and other dairy products, is comparable in economic size to beef production, and provides an important part of the food supply for many of the world’s people. Cattle hides, used for leather to make shoes, couches and clothing, are another widespread product.
Teak treeWood very durable, resistant to fungi. Used for poles, beams, trusses, columns, roofs, doors, window frames, flooring, planking, panelling, and staircases, and other constructional work. One of the best timbers for furniture and cabinet-making, wagon and railway carriages. Due to its better shape-retention ability, teak is popular in marine constructions and is a class by itself for boat- and ship building, particularly for decking. On account of its resistance to chemicals, teak articles are used in chemical laboratories; suitable for casks and vats for shipping corrosive liquids and for storing vegetable oils, fruit syrups, chutneys etc.
It has been estimated that at least 100,000 ha more could potentially be planted with teak in Central America: 25% located in Guatemala, 25% in Nicaragua, 20% in Costa Rica and 15% in El Salvador and Panama. With a rotation period of 25 years, these countries could be harvesting 5,720 ha/year or, approximately 1.43 million/m3/ of roundwood.
CoconutsAs a commercial crop, the long period from planting to full bearing has discouraged planting. The price of the primary product, copra (dried coconut kernel), is subject to world commodity markets, and the present price for copra has been depressed in the face of competition from other vegetable oils.
The market for copra and coconut oil is worldwide. All large and medium-sized producers including PNG, Solomon Islands, and Samoa have oil mills and export mainly the oil. World exports of coconut oil in 2002 was 1822 million mt (2 million t) compared to only 0.160 mt (0.176 t) of copra exported.
The primary coconut products traded internationally are derived from the fruit: copra and desiccated coconut, coconut cream and protein, whole mature nuts, coir, and activated carbon from shells. Young drinking nuts, coconut water (fresh, canned or frozen), and palm sugar are important in local economies and have a ready market in developed countries with large Asian populations. The other primary products in local economies include shell charcoal, mature nuts for cooking and food uses, brooms, ropes, and coconut shell products, some of which may find niche markets overseas. For many Pacific island states, copra and its by-product, copra press cake, are the only important exports.
 



Download Term Sheet and Gain Access to Detailed Financials
 




 I’d like a Farmshares advisor to contact me about this project.
   
























 








 Definitioner 

Market
where products are sold and exchanged
Kernel
the seed of a grain plant
Commodity
an agricultural good


































