

	FARM FROM A BOX Trademark of Farm From A Box, Inc.. Serial Number: 86050823 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Education and Entertainment Services
FARM FROM A BOX










 
Get FREE email alerts













FARM FROM A BOX  Trademark Information
 Farm From A Box, Inc.
Metal containers containing customizable agricultural systems for growing, harvesting and processing food crops, and outfitted with components for accessing, storing, and distributing power, and containing as secondary parts of the system agricultural tools and components for accessing, storing and distributing water for use with the foregoing
Educational services, namely, training, workshops, seminars, conferences and classes in the fields of environmental training, sustainable agriculture, farming methods, and business skills relating thereto




Perfect for these industries

Education and Entertainment Services
Metal Products





Words that describe this mark
metal   containers   containing   customizable   agricultural   systems   growing      harvesting   processing   food   crops      outfitted   components   accessing      storing      distributing   power      containing   secondary   parts   agricultural    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FARM FROM A BOX trademark by Farm From A Box, Inc. 
                                in San Francisco, CA, 94105.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FARM FROM A BOX trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Farm From A Box, Inc. of the FARM FROM A BOX trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FARM FROM A BOX trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, August 28, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FARM FROM A BOX by 
                        Farm From A Box, Inc., San Francisco, CA  94105.
                        The USPTO has given the FARM FROM A BOX 
                        trademark serial  number of  86050823.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FARM FROM A BOX is 
                        
                        
                                            LAURA M. FRANCO of 
                                            WINSTON & STRAWN LLP,  101 California Street, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94111 
                                .
                            The FARM FROM A BOX trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                , 
                                    Metal Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FARM FROM A BOX 
                            is Metal containers containing customizable agricultural systems for growing, harvesting and processing food crops, and outfitted with components for accessing, storing, and distributing power, and containing as secondary parts of the system agricultural tools and components for accessing, storing and distributing water for use with the foregoing. 
                            





Word mark:
 FARM FROM A BOX


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

2/28/2017



  Serial Number:  
86050823


  Filing Date:  
8/28/2013


 Registration Number:  
5151476 


 Registration Date:  
2/28/2017


 Goods and Services: 
Metal containers containing customizable agricultural systems for growing, harvesting and processing food crops, and outfitted with components for accessing, storing, and distributing power, and containing as secondary parts of the system agricultural tools and components for accessing, storing and distributing water for use with the foregoing


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the words "FARM FROM A BOX", to the right of a square with rounded corners. Inside the square is a stalk with three leaves.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/10/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Farm From A Box, Inc.San Francisco, CA  94105
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Other leaves (Plants  -   Leaves, branches with leaves or needles; needles) see more design...


                                                    Plain single line squares (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("FARM")


 Correspondent:


LAURA M. FRANCO
WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
101 California Street
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94111






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
1/20/2016




Primary Class: 
 Class (006) - Common metals and their alloys; metal building materials; transportable buildings of metal; materials of metal for railway tracks; nonelectric cables and wires of common metal; ironmongery, small items of metal hardware; pipes and tubes of metal; safes; goods of common metal not included in other classes; ores.


First Use Anywhere: 
11/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2016





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FARM FROM A BOX trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/28/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LAURA M. FRANCO


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FARM FROM A BOX trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search farmfromabox on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FARM FROM A BOX 




FARM FROM A BOX is providing Metal containers containing customizable agricultural systems for growing, harvesting and processing food crops, and outfitted with components for accessing, storing, and distributing power, and containing as secondary parts of the system agricultural tools and components for accessing, storing and distributing water for use with the foregoing.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















With Water Running Out, Freight Farms Launches 2015 Farm-In-A-Box  |  TechCrunch























































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFDiscover the frontiers of security and privacy at Disrupt SF 2017								
																			And save $1000 on tickets																												




















Spark Capital







Verse grabs $20.5M to take its p2p payments play beyond Europe














Berlin’s Careship raises $4M from Spark Capital to address elderly care














Spark Capital suddenly has $1 billion to invest













Browse more...








AgTech







Agtech startup Prospera, which uses AI and computer vision to guide farmers, harvests $15M














Billionaires make it rain on Plenty, the indoor farming startup














VCs see fertile ground in agtech













Browse more...








Freight Farms






With Water Running Out, Freight Farms Launches 2015 Farm-In-A-Box


	Posted Apr 21, 2015 by Danny Crichton (@DannyCrichton), Contributor




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

Amazon Expands Its Travel Footprint With New “Local Getaways” Site, Amazon Destinations












Climate change is real, and it is getting uglier. Global temperatures are continuing to rise, placing enormous strain on water and food supplies throughout the world. Many areas have been hit hard by the climate disruption, but none more prominently than California, where the state has entered its fourth year of drought with massively diminishing water supplies and hectares of fallow land.
Water supplies may not be top of mind for many techies in the Bay Area – Tartine and Blue Bottle’s recent marriage is unlikely to be thwarted by some tap water problems. The challenge is that agriculture is a huge industry not just for California, but for the United States. The state produced almost a fifth of the country’s total agriculture output, worth almost $50 billion in 2013. With water supplies tightening, there has been growing attention to the high environmental costs of growing almonds and producing meat in increasingly arid conditions.
Freight Farms, a startup based in decidedly not-very-drought-like-these-days Boston, is hoping to completely change the future of food production by massively increasing the water efficiency of farming while democratizing farming to everyone, particularly into urban areas.
The company’s product is a freight-truck-sized farm-in-a-box, with all the necessary equipment and storage required to grow produce. Freight Farms follows the “car model” of releasing a new hardware update once per year, and the company just released its 2015 model. Jon Friedman, president and co-founder of the startup, described it as the “culmination of all the performance we have been trying to put into one complete system.”
The current system, measured against traditional agriculture, can save up to 90% of water usage, and may even be able to go off-grid soon through solar or wind energy. Even better, this efficiency is increasing all the time. In a Silicon Valley-meets-agriculture moment, the farms auto-update their software to the latest versions over the internet.
The Return Of Urban Farming
Farming remains deeply connected to the origins of civilization: the excess supply of food from agriculture allowed hunter-gatherers to stop moving and settle down, creating the first human societies. Ironically though, our beacons of civilization – our cities – are practically devoid of crops, and these days, most urban dwellers may never see where their food actually comes from. That has started to change as community gardens rise in popularity and a slew of food movements like local cuisine encourage a different agricultural model.
Freight Farms sees itself as a key player in this urban food revolution. “We started in urban rooftop development with hydroponics. We realized that even people who had deep pockets, it was really hard to produce food in an urban environment,” Friedman explains. “What we set out to do is to create a tool for individuals who don’t have access to ton of land or rooftops or deep pockets, but have the desire to feed their community or campus, using what we have found to be the most viable space – brownfields, sitting there and not providing value to the city.”
Brownfields are areas that are complicated to develop due to contaminants or pollutants, often creating holes in the fabric of a city. The modular design of the Freight Farm allows it to be placed pretty much anywhere that has access to electricity and water, and its insulation allows it to efficiently handle different climates. The goal is to make approval of one of these farms in front of a city’s zoning committee much easier than a traditional farm, which can often require extensive environmental reviews.
Rethinking Agriculture Technology
Setting up the inside of a Freight Farm
Todd Dagres, a partner at Spark Capital, led the firm’s $3.7 million investment in the startup late last year. He sees a big opportunity in agriculture technology (AgTech). “Now is the time for information technology to take over and provide the next big boost in productivity,” he said. He particularly liked the urban farming movement, since “the thought that each and every inner-city neighborhood could grow its own food is incredibly powerful, not just because it is a noble cause, but because it is really practical as well.”
Both Dagres and the founders of Freight Farms really emphasized the value of the product for entrepreneurs. Brad McNamara, CEO and co-founder, said the company has tried to make the transition to farming as painless as possible for potential customers. “If you order lettuce, all the lettuce nutrients come in the mail, and we even have presets for the farm itself. If you do want to tune to increase performance, you can do that but it also has autopilot.”
Some people start as hobbyists before going entirely commercial. “Generally, first farmers will try a wide variety of fruits and vegetables, and people get pretty wild in the farm when they start,” McNamara said. “When people go commercial, they tend to want to maximize,” which means only growing one crop at a time inside the farm.
As might be expected, a fully-integrated farm-in-a-box doesn’t come cheap. The current price of a Freight Farm comes in at $76,000, not a princely sum, but certainly out of the range of most people who might want to get involved in farming as a hobby. Dagres of Spark emphasized that there are many financing options available, particularly farm loan programs from the federal government, which offer low interest rates even for first-time farmers.
Longer term, there is potential for these farms to move way beyond community gardens and hipster locally-grown restaurants. “The notion that you could literally ship these on ships to places like Africa and India is really exciting,” Dagres notes, “but is probably not the lowest-hanging fruit.”
As our weather becomes ever more unpredictable and extreme, the need for food supply stability will increasingly become a top priority. Freight Farms looks set to tap into that growing market, all while building community in urban spaces.

Featured Image: Freight Farms




0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



Crunchbase






				Freight Farms			


 
Founded
2011


Overview
Freight Farms create access to food in areas of the world where the climate cannot support traditional farming methods. The Freight Farms' system brings a high volume of fresh, quality and affordable food within reach of everyone along the food supply chain. By enabling high-yield crop production in any climate, Freight Farms offer an immediate foundation to grow a local food economy and sustainable …


Location

Boston, MA



Categories

E-Commerce, 																													Agriculture, 																													Mobile, 																													Internet of Things 


Founders
Jonathan Friedman, Brad McNamara


Website

http://www.freightfarms.com/ 


Full profile for Freight Farms 



 



				Spark Capital			


 
Founded
2005


Overview
We are an early and growth stage venture capital firm that invests in startups led by creative thinkers. We partner with entrepreneurs who make products and services for consumers as well as business people and are proud supporters of companies such as Oculus VR, Slack, Twitter, Warby Parker, Wealthfront, IEX and more. 

We're bi-coastal - with offices in San Francisco, New York City and Boston.

We …


Location

Boston, MA



Categories

Consumer, 																													E-Commerce, 																													Security, 																													Marketplace, 																													Media and Entertainment, 																													Finance, 																													Venture Capital, 																													Hardware 


Founders
Bijan Sabet, Santo Politi


Website

http://www.sparkcapital.com 


Full profile for Spark Capital 










	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes




















							Spark Capital						





							AgTech						





							Freight Farms 						



Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

What to expect from Tesla as the Model 3 hits the road
2 hours ago | Darrell Etherington






 

Stitch Fix has confidentially filed for an IPO
2 hours ago | Matthew Lynley, Katie Roof






 

AWS won’t be ceding its massive market share lead anytime soon
4 hours ago | Ron Miller






 

Amazon launches ‘The Hub’, parcel delivery lockers for apartment buildings
20 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden









Latest From TechCrunch





 

Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive
7 minutes ago | Josh Constine






 

Amazon reportedly acquired GameSparks for $10M to build out its gaming muscle
25 minutes ago | Ingrid Lunden






 

Foxconn’s long con
47 minutes ago | John Biggs






 

Unhack the vote
1 hour ago | Jon Evans, Columnist










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
Amazon Expands Its Travel Footprint With New “Local Getaways” Site, Amazon Destinations

	Posted Apr 21, 2015  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Software Engineer - Java (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Senior Android and IOS Developer (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Sr Software Engineer (Back End) at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Data Engineer at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Full Stack Developer at Laborocity (Radnor, PA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Battlefield Africa
Battlefield Australia
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								iRobot’s CEO says the company never planned to sell Roomba home mapping data							

								2 minutes ago by Brian Heater							



								Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive							

								7 minutes ago by Josh Constine							



								Amazon reportedly acquired GameSparks for $10M to build out its gaming muscle							

								25 minutes ago by Ingrid Lunden							



								Foxconn’s long con							

								47 minutes ago by John Biggs							



								Unhack the vote							

								1 hour ago by Jon Evans							



								Life Bot’s new Alexa app can text you reminders, help with daily activities							

								1 hour ago by Sarah Perez							



								Placecast launches new product to verify the location data in mobile ad campaigns							

								1 hour ago by Anthony Ha							



								Microsoft’s slow creep back into mobile							

								1 hour ago by Peter Yared							



								What to expect from Tesla as the Model 3 hits the road							

								2 hours ago by Darrell Etherington							



								Stitch Fix has confidentially filed for an IPO							

								2 hours ago by Matthew Lynley, Katie Roof							



 













CropBox: A Farm in a Shipping Container













































                                        Home                





                                        Crop Box                








                                        Greens & Herbs Crop Box                





                                        Strawberry Crop Box                





                                        Microgreens & Fodder Crop Box                









                                        Upgrades                





                                        Store                


 

















A new, smarter way to farm 
Get growing in 30 days. Call us to find out how: 828-773-6893








Facebook



Google +


















    Introducing the CropBox


It's a completely turn key agricultural system without worries about the weather, pests, heating prices or water. By growing the equivalent of an acre of field grown crops or 2,200 square feet of greenhouse space within a 320 sq ft footprint, the Crop Box is among the world's most highest yielding agricultural systems





























Herbs, Greens & Lettuces

Grow up to 12000 pounds each year in a Crop Box. A single CropBox yields equal to 1 acre of field lettuce or 2,200 square feet of greenhouse space in 320 sq ft!---Get growing in less than a month with our herb/green/lettuce Crop Box. Grow up to 150 varieties of herbs, greens and lettuces to give you the flexibility to adjust your production based on market demand.
Learn More







Strawberries - Coming Soon!

Grow up to 7000 pounds each year in a CropBox. Stay tuned for our introduction of the strawberry Crop Box!---Crop Box puts state of the art precision farming within your reach. It's a completely turn key agricultural system without worries about the weather, pests, heating prices or water. 
Learn More







Microgreens & Fodder

Grow up to 140 tons of fodder or 84 tons of microgreens each year in a CropBox. Feed up to 17 horses per Crop Box!---Great for horse boarding facilities and restaurants wanting a cheaper source of Microgreens! Save on vet bills and provide them with a yearly supply of high quality barley sprouts, orchard grass, timothy or alfalfa for similar prices to grain! 
Learn More



















Precision Growing
90% less water use than conventional and greenhouse cultivation
80% less fertilizer than conventional cultivation
Automatic record keeping for optimization
34% less inventory loss through simpler logistics
Discover a whole new business model for agriculture

















 
Complete Control Over the Entire Growing Process
Exhaust fans, heating, air conditioning, integrated pest management, CO2 generation, auto fill tanks, automatic nutrient dosage and constant air movement give you complete control.



 
Modular and Easily Scalable
Create highly productive vertical farms by stacking the containers 5 high. Add a CropBox or remove a CropBox as demand fluctuates!



 
Controlled From Your Smartphone
Manage your growing system with over 18 sensors, all controllable from your smartphone. Daily logs, charts and specific parameters enable consistent optimization of the growing process.



 
Tweets by @Cropbox1













Upgrades 


Customize your CropBox!
LOOK INSIDE!























Farm in a Box - Urban Gardens








































































































































































 










 


 

Urban Gardens
UNLIMITED THINKING FOR LIMITED SPACES


subscribe for news,specials, & updates! 


E-Mail Subscription






















about
finding
creating
experiencing
greening
consulting



Farm in a Box
March 3, 2011 by Robin Plaskoff Horton








Turn your empty wall or fence into a garden. It’s as easy to hang as a picture. It automatically waters itself and allows you to grow indoors or outdoors in any season. And here’s the real dirt (or not): it’s a hydroponic system.
It’s Farm in a Box™ EcoTech Design Studio, an innovative new vertical garden system that makes organic home vertical gardening a real no brainer.







Here’s How Farm in a Box™ Works
1. Attach one or several units to a wall or fence.
2. Place one of the specially designed Seed Pods into each opening.
3. Add water to the built-in reservoir.
4. Replace the cap
5. Grow your own food.







Farm in a Box™ square prototypes at the EcoTech Design Studio’s Malibu, California facility. Photo: Robin Plaskoff Horton
Farm in a Box™ automatically regulates the flow of water maintaining the optimal level of moisture. With its built-in water level indicator, you can easily check the water level. As plants begin growing, you begin adding EcoTech’s MagicGrow™ organic fertilizer to the water reservoir, which allows you to water and fertilize simultaneously and automatically.







Hexagonal prototypes
The Farm in a Box™ shell is sustainably made from a blend of bamboo fiber mixed with recycled plastic. Although the product is still in the testing phase, EcoTech’s intent is to combine recycled ABS or PVC plastic with a 30% blend of repurposed bamboo fiber mixed with sierra resin (which takes five years to breakdown in a landfill.)
EcoTech hopes to create a shell that will be as free of toxins as possible, but until testing (for VOCs, etc) is completed, they can not state for sure what the final shell composition will be. All of the packaging, made from 100% post consumer content, can be composted.
One of the nicest features about this product: EcoTech envisions it retailing for less than $20.
Note
Stay tuned in the next few days for upcoming post about EcoTech Studio’s big vision…
 
 
     
       
 


 
Category: Edible Landscaping, Greening, Hydroponics, Urban Agriculture, Vertical Gardens
Tags: California, sustainable farming, sustainable gardens, vertical farming, vertical gardening

Enjoyed this post?  Subscribe to Urban Gardens!

 share |  e-mail a friend |  comments (23)











John Olson



I want this!  Where can I buy some?!






Ellinor



Sweeet! I love it! So0o co0ol






Jan @TWOwomenANDaHOE



C-O-O-L!!!  Love this!
May all your gardens grow,
Jan






Victoria Lyon



Fabulous! I wish these were going to be available by summer. However, I am so impressed with the fact that Echo Tech is being so responsible and going through all of the necessary testing to make sure that they are providing a growing system that will be healthy for those eating the foods harvested from the boxes, as well as good for the earth as they fashion these planters from recycled , compostable content. No green-washing here!






patty sechi



A part of me (the designer part) loves this and wants it! Another part of me, the one that values getting my hands in the soil, says this is missing a lot of the important benefits of gardening – the relationship to the soil, to the earth and to your plants. I realize that not everyone has the space at home, but as the director of a diverse Community Garden in Greenwich, CT, I would encourage people to seek out a local community garden. An additional benefit not listed above is the community experience, which is as valuable and rewarding as growing your garden.






annette



when can we get this






Tani Conrad



I was hoping farm in a box would have cows.






Don



Tani thats a great idea. I can grow food in my back yard. but cows in a box, now that I would buy!






Robin Plaskoff Horton



Annette and all of you who have asked–I will let you know as soon as these become available!






Robin Plaskoff Horton



You make great points Patty. Community gardens are wonderful in so many ways–not just for the gardening experience, but as you say, but for becoming part of a community. I think EcoTech envisions this product as an inexpensive solution for people who may not have access to or time to be part of a community garden, or may not want to garden on a bigger scale. It is for those perhaps who need some food security and for whom growing at least some of their won food would provide that. Keep me posted on your community garden!






Robin Plaskoff Horton



LOL Tani! That would require a really big box…:-)






Robin Plaskoff Horton



I agree Victoria that taking the time to test things and being honest about the process is indeed a sign of integrity.






patty sechi



thanks for your thoughtful thoughts, robin. you are right, that there is a place for all kinds of gardening. and yeah, i think cow in a box is the next big thing!
not sure how else to keep you posted on the garden, so hope this is ok – we are just launching our website, armstrongcourtcommunitygarden.org and are listed on the american community gardening association site too.






Robin Plaskoff Horton



Thank you Patti. I look forward to checking out the site and the gardens!






Mother Chaos



Ooooooooo! This is redefining cool! We’ve already been startling the neighbors with how lovely bok choy and beets can be in landscaping…I’d love to confront them with a poetry of lettuce all along the fence!




Pingback: Vegetable Gardening In A Box | Plantworks Inc()



Pingback: Urban Farm in a Shop | Urban Gardens | Unlimited Thinking For Limited Spaces()



Pingback: Urban Gardens 2011 Roundup! | Urban Gardens | Unlimited Thinking For Limited Spaces | Urban Gardens()





anna



great idea !!!






Agen Bola



This is great â?? umbrella stands are unwieldy and ugly â?? this is so much better!






deborah



OK, it’s two years later…is it available yet???






deborah



OK, it’s two years later…is it available yet???




Pingback: How to Build Indoor Hydroponic Gardens Using IKEA Storage Boxes | Urban Gardens()













The freshest innovative and eco-friendly designs, trends, and ideas for urban gardens and stylish small places.




Search for:






Visit Robin Horton @UrbanGardens's profile on Pinterest.








 

 

 

 



robinhorton's ideabooksHouzz- Kitchen Remodel, Bathroom Remodel and More »Interiors and Decorating ideas- For Example:Garage & Shed Pictures · Kids Pictures · Storage & Closets Pictures · Hall Pictures · Patio Pictures · Bathroom Pictures · Wine Cellar Pictures · 

categories Garden Design

Container Gardening

Herb Gardens

Hydroponics

No-Dig Gardening

Rain Gardens

Raised Beds

Rooftop Gardens

Shade Gardening

Sky Planters

Square-Foot Gardening

Terrariums

Window Boxes



Gifts

Great Finds

Apparel

Books

Bulbs and Plants

Containers and Pots

Decks, Patios, & Paths

Food & Entertaining

Furniture

Garden Art

Garden Software

Heating & Cooling

Lighting

Privacy: Walls & Screens

Shade

Water



Green & Sustainable

Birds, Bees, and Butterflies

Community Gardens

Composting

Edible Landscaping

Green Gadgets

Green Roofs

Green Walls

Irrigation

Permaculture

Reclaimed & Recycled

Solar Energy

Urban Agriculture

Vertical Gardens



Indoor Gardening

Lifestyle

Education & Tours

Feng Shui

Guerilla Gardening!

Public Gardens

Restaurants & Hotels



shopping


popular posts


 Indoor Levitating Forest Greens French Train Station 239 views
 Ten Cool Plantable Light Fixtures 120 views
 Chicago’s New Plant Conservation Center Showcases Green Design 0 views
 These Low-Tech Egyptian Artisan Clay Pots Water Your Plants for a Month 419 views

















 



 
  
 







Urban Gardens | © 2017 - all rights reserved | info@urbangardensweb.com | about | Google+


Site Design: Robin Horton Design / Site Development: 
     Vibe Development / Sponsorship Disclosure Policy





 









































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















































Fruit & Vegetables Delivered | Farmbox Direct



































Sign Up!
Log In

Log In 




Email Address

Password 


 Remember me




















Organic
& Natural Produce Delivery 

Organic & Natural Produce Delivered to Your Door!
 Get Started 
 


2016: USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC
Farmbox Direct is the ONLY ecommerce USDA Certified Organic Handler!







Pricing



Only Organic Small Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
Only Organic Small Box- Mixed


1 (each) Apples, Organic1 (each) Grapefruit, Organic1 (each) Valencia, Organic1 (each) Mango, Organic1 (each) Organic Red Beets 1 (each) Cucumber, Organic2 (each) Tomatoes, Organic1 (each) Kiwi, Organic1 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic2 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic1 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
Only Organic Small Box- Fruit


3 (each) Apples, Organic2 (each) Grapefruit, Organic2 (each) Valencia, Organic2 (each) Mango, Organic3 (each) Kiwi, Organic1 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
Only Organic Small Box- Veggie


2 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic1 (bunch) Radish, Organic3 (each) Tomatoes, Organic3 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic1 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$45.95







Only Organic Medium Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
Only Organic Medium Box- Mixed


2 (each) Apples, Organic2 (each) Grapefruit, Organic2 (each) Valencia, Organic2 (each) Mango, Organic2 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic1 (bunch) Radish, Organic3 (each) Tomatoes, Organic2 (each) Kiwi, Organic2 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic3 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic1 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
Only Organic Medium Box- Fruit


4 (each) Apples, Organic2 (each) Avocado, Organic3 (each) Grapefruit, Organic3 (each) Valencia, Organic3 (each) Mango, Organic4 (each) Kiwi, Organic2 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
Only Organic Medium Box- Veggie


1 (each) Avocado, Organic2 (each) Organic Red Beets 3 (each) Cucumber, Organic2 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic1 (bunch) Radish, Organic4 (each) Tomatoes, Organic4 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic2 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$55.95







Only Organic Large Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
Only Organic Large Box- Mixed


3 (each) Apples, Organic3 (each) Grapefruit, Organic3 (each) Valencia, Organic3 (each) Mango, Organic3 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic1 (bunch) Radish, Organic4 (each) Tomatoes, Organic3 (each) Kiwi, Organic2 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic4 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic2 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
Only Organic Large Box- Fruit


5 (each) Apples, Organic3 (each) Avocado, Organic4 (each) Grapefruit, Organic4 (each) Valencia, Organic4 (each) Mango, Organic5 (each) Kiwi, Organic3 (bunch) Red Grapes Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
Only Organic Large Box- Veggie


2 (each) Avocado, Organic3 (each) Organic Red Beets 4 (each) Cucumber, Organic3 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic2 (bunch) Radish, Organic5 (each) Tomatoes, Organic5 (each) Red Potato, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic3 (each) Yellow Squash , Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$66.95







All Natural Small Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
All Natural Small Box- Mixed


1 (each) Apples1 (each) Grapefruit1 (each) Valencia1 (each) Mango1 (each) Cucumber1 (each) Green Bell Pepper2 (each) Tomatoes1 (each) Kiwi1 (bunch) Red Grapes2 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce1 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
All Natural Small Box- Fruit


3 (each) Apples2 (each) Grapefruit2 (each) Valencia2 (each) Mango3 (each) Kiwi1 (bunch) Red Grapes


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
All Natural Small Box- Veggie


1 (each) Beets2 (each) Cucumber1 (each) Green Bell Pepper3 (each) Tomatoes3 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce1 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$41.95







All Natural Medium Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
All Natural Medium Box- Mixed


2 (each) Apples2 (each) Grapefruit2 (each) Valencia2 (each) Mango2 (each) Cucumber1 (each) Green Bell Pepper3 (each) Tomatoes2 (each) Kiwi2 (bunch) Red Grapes3 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce1 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
All Natural Medium Box- Fruit


4 (each) Apples3 (each) Grapefruit3 (each) Valencia3 (each) Mango4 (each) Kiwi2 (bunch) Red Grapes


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
All Natural Medium Box- Veggie


2 (each) Beets3 (each) Cucumber2 (each) Green Bell Pepper4 (each) Tomatoes4 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce2 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$46.95







All Natural Large Box


 
Mixed Menu


×
All Natural Large Box- Mixed


3 (each) Apples3 (each) Grapefruit3 (each) Valencia3 (each) Mango3 (each) Cucumber2 (each) Green Bell Pepper4 (each) Tomatoes3 (each) Kiwi2 (bunch) Red Grapes4 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce2 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Fruit Menu


×
All Natural Large Box- Fruit


5 (each) Apples4 (each) Grapefruit4 (each) Valencia4 (each) Mango5 (each) Kiwi3 (bunch) Red Grapes


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


 
Veggie Menu


×
All Natural Large Box- Veggie


3 (each) Beets4 (each) Cucumber3 (each) Green Bell Pepper5 (each) Tomatoes5 (each) Red Potato1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow1 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce3 (each) Yellow Squash 


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$51.95







Green Juicing Box


 
View Menu


×
Green Juicing Box


4 (each) Apples, Organic2 (each) Avocado, Organic3 (each) Organic Red Beets 4 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (bunch) Ginger, Organic2 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic2 (each) Kiwi, Organic1 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic3 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$55.95







Orange Juicing Box


 
View Menu


×
Orange Juicing Box


4 (each) Apples, Organic4 (each) Grapefruit, Organic5 (each) Valencia, Organic2 (each) Organic Red Beets 2 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (bunch) Ginger, Organic1 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic2 (each) Kiwi, Organic3 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic2 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$55.95







Red Juicing Box


 
View Menu


×
Red Juicing Box


4 (each) Apples, Organic5 (each) Grapefruit, Organic4 (each) Valencia, Organic5 (each) Organic Red Beets 2 (each) Cucumber, Organic1 (bunch) Ginger, Organic1 (each) Green Bell Pepper, Organic2 (each) Kiwi, Organic2 (bunch) Carrots- Rainbow, Organic2 (bunch) Romaine Lettuce, Organic


Menu changes each week and contents may varyfrom what is currently displayed for the following week
Close


$55.95















  



always farm fresh




  



FREE delivery to the Continental USA




  



fresh, local and delicious!









Organic & Natural Produce Delivery 






Farmbox Direct delivers the most delicious fruits and veggies to the entire Continential United States. Our mission is to bring you and your family healthy organic & natural produce, and to support our local farmers and community.
 
Our menu changes weekly according to what's fresh, local, and in-season. With our service, you get more control of what goes in your box, and you can make up to 5 substitutions in every delivery! 
 
There's never a commitment, and you can customize your schedule months ahead of time. We pride ourselves on our quality and our customer service and will always go above and beyond to make your experience the best possible.









Farmbox Direct has been featured by...























view more press here






Ready to eat healthy?

 Get Started 







How It Works



Create your account here
choose your box size and schedule. We offer 3 different size boxes. You can get a mixed produce box, all fruit, or all veggies. We allow you to customize your schedule and there are absolutely NO commitments!




Each week before your delivery you will receive an email letting you know your customized menu has been created. You then are able to log in and make changes to your customized farmbox with 5 substitutions if you do not like something in that weeks farmbox.



Sit back and relax.We offer free shipping to over 24,000 zip codes and a small shipping fee to all other areas.










Quick Links
Home
Press
About Us
Your Account
Contact Us
Recipes
Gift Certificates
Top 5 Reasons
Where We Deliver
How Our Service Works
Privacy & Terms of Service


Follow us!







Gift Certificates
Looking for that perfect gift?
We Love Local
Are you a local artisan or farmer? Get in Touch!





Farmbox Direct


2016: USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC
Farmbox Direct is the ONLY ecommerce USDA Certified Organic Handler!


Office Hours:
Mon-Fri 9am-6pm
hello@farmboxdirect.com
https://www.farmboxdirect.com/



 Get Started 















© Copyright 2017 Farmbox Direct. All Rights Reserved.


























Farmco Distributing Inc Products









   
      























home 
        |  
price
        lists  |  products 
        |  dealer 
        |  contact 
        |      






















   
                 Products
                 Price
                Lists
                 Product Lines
                 Product Search
                 
                 Dealers
                 Dealer
                Resources

                 Contact
                 Contact Page
                 Company Information
                 Calendar
                 Email

                 Policies
                 Privacy Statement

                 Farmco Distributing Inc
                 13619 South DeWitt Road
                 Lansing, MI 48906
                 Phone: 517-669-8391
                 Fax:     517-669-6405











                 
 



The
                following is a complete list of the manufacturer's that we
                represent.  Each logo is accompanied by a brief summary of
                the products that are offered by that company.  Please click on the logo to open a new web
                page and display the manufacturer's corporate website.



Ace
                Pumps

 




Pumps,
                valves, and accessories



AGMEIER 

 















Tillers,
                brush cutter, finish mower, post hole digger, sprayers



Akron

 







Akron 
			  Grain Bagger



Apache
                Hose

  





Apache
                hose, manufacturer of suction, pressure, and discharge hose



Automatic
                Equipment

  





Roller
                mills,  hammer mills, row crop guidance systems



Banjo
                Liquid Handling
 












Valves,
                fittings, quick couplers, pumps and accessories




Batco
                Inc
 














Belt
                Conveyors




Belco
                Resources Equip
 






Hay
                rakes, hay tedders, sickle bar and disc mowers, fertilizer
                spreaders, tillers and specialty equipment




Conestoga
 




Manure
                spreaders and drop fertilizer spreaders



Delavan
        Ag Pumps
 












High
                performance ag spray pumps



Delavan
                Spray Tech
 





Spray
                nozzles and accessories



Demco
 













Sprayer
                equipment & general spraying accessories, grain buggies and
                gravity flow wagons, running gear




Enviro-Tech
 





Enviro-Tech
                lawn and turf rollers












Flojet
                Pumps
 




Electric
                pumps for agriculture and turf



Hackett Harrows
 







Chain Harrows, 
			  drawbars and 3PT lifts



Hayrite
                Bale Conveyors
 












Hayrite
                stationary and portable bale conveyors



Herd
                Seeder
 




Broadcast
                seeders, salt & sand spreaders



Hypro
                Pump

 












Agricultural
                & industrial pressure washer pumps and accessories



Kasco
 





Kasco 
			  augers, harrows, landscape equipment and attachments.



Kwik
                Kleen
 












Kwik
                Kleen Grain Cleaners



Luck/Now
                Manufacturing
 




Snowblowers,
                sand shooters, and feed mixers



Mainero
 








				Row independant corn head




Mandako
 








				Land Roller, Twister, Swath Roller




Maurer
                Manufacturing
 













Utility,
                flat deck, and hydraulic tilt trailers, combine accessories and
                combine bin extensions, combine header transports




MDS
                Manufacturing
 




Rock
                buckets, grapple fork, loader buckets, bale stabbers, pallet
                forks











Micro-Trak
                Systems
 













Monitors
                and controls for liquid and granular application equipment,
                planter controls and monitors




Norwesco
 












Plastic
                tanks and accessories



Pacer Pumps
 




Pacer
                transfer pumps and accessories



Quality
                Metal Works
 













Herbicide
                contact applicator from Quality Metal Works, manufacturer of
                carts and accesories




Raven
                Industries
 













Precision
                application equipment, automatic rate control & injection
                systems, monitors and batching systems




Reelcraft
 












Agricultural
                & industrial hose reels and accessories



REM Grain Vacs
 





 

Grain Vacs and 
			  accessories



Richway
                Industries
 












Foam
                marking systems and air operated boom shut -offs











Roto
                Grind
 





Agricultural
                & industrial grinders, grain grinders, high volume water,
                manure, and sludge pumps












SB 
				Select 
 






Three Point Hitch 
			  Snowblowers



                 
 













Rock
                removal and windrowing equipment, rotary cutters, and
                snowblowers



Scot
                Pump
 












Agricultural
                & industrial pumps and accessories











Shurflo
                Pumps
 












Electric
                pumps for agriculture and turf



Snyder
                Industries
 












Plastic
                tanks and accessories



Split-Fire
 




Wood
                splitters & wood chippers











Summit
 




Summit
                Hose Reels



Teejet
 













Nozzles,
                nozzle bodies, precision application equipment, Mid-Tech
                controls,  and general spraying accessories from Spraying
                Systems












Tubleine
 




X2
                bale wrappers, Technobale bale movers and Bale Boss bale
                processors, bale
                handling equipment,  accumulator, bale feeder



Tufline
 












Grader
                blades, discs, box scrapers and subsoilers



Westfield
                Industries
 














Stationary
                & portable grain auger, roll out hoppers and accessories



Wheatheart
 







Stationary & 
			  portable grain augers, roll out hoppers, Post
                drivers and accessories



Wilger
 












Spraying
                components, nozzles, flow monitors, line and fittings



 
 























Click
                        for Price Lists









and
                        Issue Dates



 


 














 























Farmco
                Distributing Inc - Copyright  Š 2013




















