










 













 













 













 






JAMES D. FARNSWORTH






































































































© Copyright 2000 • This site created by Gail Beane - cgbeane@metrocast.net

















James D. Farnsworth













Send a condolence note












Laconia, NH-----James D. Farnsworth, 77, formerly a  longtime resident of the Lakes Region, avid bicyclist,  inventor, ski-movie photographer and music maven, died November 14, 2004 of heart failure.

Mr. Farnsworth was born in Boston, Mass on August 14, 1927 to Charles Edward Farnsworth and Helen Holmes Mills. The youngest of three children, and the only son, he grew up in Brookline, Mass. His father's company Farnsworth Inc., manufactured textiles in Lowell, Mass. After briefly attending Holderness, Jim graduated from Dublin School, Dublin NH just as World War II had ended. He then graduated from Colorado University with a degree in engineering.  While in Colorado, he received his private pilot's license.

During the 50's, he became part of the then new American interest in recreational skiing. Farnsworth Films was one of the three film studios making the then popular ski movies, movies illustrating the new 50's look at this previously European pastime. Jim got better shots than his competitors, by skiing backwards down the mountain while filming his subjects skiing in front of him, with his camera on his shoulders. He showed his films with a classical music background. He once appeared on the "Today" show. In the early 60's, while recuperating from a skiing accident, Jim began his love of bicycles. He developed the concept of "full throw" cranks, and incorporated this into a bicycle design he called "Farnsworth Formula" (patent pending). Wife, Carol Ashmun, and daughters Sherrel, Leslie, and Heather, all participated in his bicycling endeavors. In the early 70's, Jim shattered the record for climbing Mt.
									Washington on a bicycle, starting what would later become an annual race up the mountain. Later in life, while living with his companion and later wife, Ann
									Rogers Stamps, Jim also bicycled across the country.  Those who frequented the New Hampshire Music Festival knew him as the person who meticulously taped the festival concerts. He and Ann both shared a love of classical music.

Jim is survived by two daughters, Sherrel Farnsworth of Brooklyn, NY and  Heather Holmes Farnsworth Chang of Pacific Grove CA; three stepchildren, Jeffrey Stamps of Newton, MA, David Stamps of Laconia, NH and Susan Stamps of Carlisle, Massachusetts and  his sister, Rebecca Farnsworth Avery, of Brookdale, NH. In addition to his parents, he was predeceased by his first wife, Carol A. (Ashmun) Farnsworth, in 1984, by his second wife, Ann Rogers Stamps, in 2000, by a daughter, Leslie Farnsworth, in 1975 and by his sister, Helen Holmes Farnsworth Worthen, in 2003.

Burial will be at the family lot at Smith Meeting House Cemetery, Gilmanton, NH on Saturday, November 20, 2004 at 10:00AM. 
Following the burial, a Funeral Service will be held at 11:30AM at the Gilford Community Church, Potter Hill Road, Gilford.  The Rev. Michael Graham, Pastor of the Church, will officiate. 

Flowers are accepted.  Memorial donations may be made to the New Hampshire Music Festival, 52 Symphony Lane, Center Harbor, NH 03226.  

Wilkinson-Beane Funeral Home & Cremation Services, 164 Pleasant Street, Laconia, NH is in charge of the arrangements. 
















[Home] [History] [The Staff] [More Photos] [Obituaries] [Pre-Planning] [Cremation] [Condolences] [Counseling] [Florists] [Veterans] [Links] [Contact Us] [Directions]









James D Farnsworth - Smiths Creek, MI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James D Farnsworth in Smiths Creek, MI


James D Farnsworth

                                                                                                   Intelius found that James D Farnsworth  is  between 50 and 50 years old from Smiths Creek, MI.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

James D Farnsworth is in his 50s

James Has Lived In

Smiths Creek, MI
Jeddo, MI

James's Relatives

Donald Farnsworth
David Farnsworth
Teresa Farnsworth
Tesa Farnsworth







James D Farnsworth



Zodiac SignCapricorn



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James D Farnsworth
Get a Criminal Check on James D Farnsworth
Get a Public Record Report on James D Farnsworth
Get a People Search Report on James D Farnsworth


James D Farnsworth's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James D Farnsworth has lived as well as James D Farnsworth's phone numbers and email addresses.




James D Farnsworth Has Lived in 1 States
Michigan Address for James D Farnsworth


6 B* 3*** F* A** 

Smiths Creek, MI


Has Lived In

Smiths Creek, MI
Jeddo, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James D Farnsworth

(810) ***-**** - Smiths Creek, MI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James D Farnsworth



Get Email Report




James D Farnsworth's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James D Farnsworth


James D Farnsworth's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James D Farnsworth's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Farnsworth
Username Matches

                  JamesFarnsworth
                  FarnsworthJames
                  James.Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth.James
                  James_Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth_James
                  James-Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth-James
                  JFarnsworth
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Farnsworth







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














James D Farnsworth - Akron, OH | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James D Farnsworth in Akron, OH


James D Farnsworth

                                                                                       Intelius found that James D Farnsworth  is  a female between 30 and 30 years old from Akron, OH.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jenna K Farnsworth


Get Report Now

Age

James D Farnsworth is in her 30s

James Has Lived In

Akron, OH

James's Relatives

Krista Farnsworth
Megan Farnsworth
Darlene Farnsworth







James D Farnsworth



Zodiac SignAries



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James D Farnsworth
Get a Criminal Check on James D Farnsworth
Get a Public Record Report on James D Farnsworth
Get a People Search Report on James D Farnsworth


James D Farnsworth's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James D Farnsworth has lived as well as James D Farnsworth's phone numbers and email addresses.




James D Farnsworth Has Lived in 1 States
Ohio Address for James D Farnsworth


1617 P****** A** 

Akron, OH


Has Lived In

Akron, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James D Farnsworth

(330) ***-**** - Akron, OH 
(330) ***-**** - Akron, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James D Farnsworth

d*********s@***.com


Get Email Report




James D Farnsworth's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James D Farnsworth


James D Farnsworth's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James D Farnsworth's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Farnsworth
Username Matches

                  JamesFarnsworth
                  FarnsworthJames
                  James.Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth.James
                  James_Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth_James
                  James-Farnsworth
                  Farnsworth-James
                  JFarnsworth
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Farnsworth







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














































Gertrude A. Farnsworth and Gertrude Adams Farnsworth, James D. Carpenter and Robert M. Sharpe,, 270 F.2d 660 – CourtListener.com














Toggle navigation













About
FAQ
Tour

Donate


Sign in / Register




From Free Law Project, a 501(c)(3) non-profit.









Opinions


RECAP Archive


Oral Arguments


Judges


Visualizations 



Gallery


SCOTUS Networks


New Network




Donate










Your Notes

                    (edit)
                     


                    (none)
                




Cited By (4) 




This case has been cited by these opinions:


Morrissey v. Curran (1979)


Reade Manufacturing Company, Inc., a Corporation of the State of New Jersey ... (1962)


Julia R. Swords Trust, Transferee, Margaret R. Mackell, Dorothy R. Brotherton, and ... (2014)


Caruso v. United States (1964)




                        View All Citing Opinions
                    



Authorities (5)
This opinion cites:



                                Commissioner v. Heininger, 320 U.S. 467 (1943)
                            



                                Textile Mills Corp. v. Comm'r., 314 U.S. 326 (1941)
                            



                                Tank Truck Rentals, Inc. v. Commissioner, 356 U.S. 30 (1958)
                            



                                Magruder v. Supplee, 316 U.S. 394 (1942)
                            



                                Hoover Motor Express Co. v. United States, 356 U.S. 38 ...
                            




                        View All Authorities
                    



Share



 
        

 
        

 

        





Support FLP 

            CourtListener is a project of Free
            Law Project, a federally-recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit. We
            rely on donations for our financial security.
        
Please support our work with a donation.

Donate Now





Gertrude A. Farnsworth and Gertrude Adams Farnsworth, James D. Carpenter and Robert M. Sharpe, Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Daniel Williams Farnsworth, Deceased v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, (Two Cases), 270 F.2d 660 (3rd Cir. 1959)





                        Sign in or register to save a favorite.
                    

(click to dismiss)



Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

Filed:

                    October 9th, 1959
                    
                


Precedential Status:

                    Precedential
                


Citations:

                    270 F.2d 660
                


Docket Number:

                    12704_1
                






270 F.2d 660
Gertrude A. FARNSWORTH and Gertrude Adams Farnsworth, James D. Carpenter and Robert M. Sharpe, Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Daniel Williams Farnsworth, Deceased, Petitioners,v.COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, Respondent (two cases).
No. 12703.
No. 12704.
United States Court of Appeals Third Circuit.
Argued December 18, 1958.
Reargued June 11, 1959.
Decided October 9, 1959.

James D. Carpenter, Jersey City, N. J. (Carpenter, Bennett & Morrissey, Jersey City, N. J., Milton A. Dauber, Jersey City, N. J., on the brief), for petitioners.
Carter Bledsoe, Washington, D. C. (Charles K. Rice, Asst. Atty. Gen., Lee A. Jackson and A. F. Prescott, Attys., Dept. of Justice, Washington, D. C., on the brief), for respondent.
Before BIGGS, Chief Judge, and McLAUGHLIN and HASTIE, Circuit Judges.
BIGGS, Chief Judge.


1
In these cases the petitioners-taxpayers, the executors of the decedent Farnsworth,1 the senior or managing partner in a series of partnerships styled "Farnsworth & Farnsworth" over a number of years, seek to deduct from Farnsworth's federal income tax bases for the years 1952 and 1953 amounts paid by him to the State of New York by way of compromise of claims asserted by the New York State Tax Commission for taxes due from the partnerships under the Unincorporated Business Tax Law of New York, 59 McKinney's Consol.Laws of New York, c. 60, Section 386 et seq., and sums paid by Farnsworth by way of compromise of individual income tax claims asserted by the State of New York against him and his partners, 59 McKinney's Laws of New York, Tax Law, § 350 et seq.


2
The Farnsworth partnerships and Farnsworth and his partners did not pay New York taxes despite the fact that the partnerships as consultants for woolen mills did some business in New York and at least one of the partners in one of the successive partnerships lived there. Farnsworth, being informed of probable New York tax liability by his counsel, filed partnership returns with the New York State Tax Commission which showed substantial tax liabilities. These returns were audited by the Commissioner and the amounts due were increased by interest and penalties. Tax liens in favor of the State of New York were filed against the partnerships and against the individual partners in New York. After considerable negotiation the New York tax authorities agreed to compromise all tax liabilities if confessions of judgment for personal and partnership taxes, which would be enforceable in every State, were procured from Farnsworth and his partners.


3
Thereafter, at a meeting at his home in Montclair, New Jersey, on April 24, 1952, Farnsworth, then eighty-six years of age and suffering from a heart attack, and greatly troubled by the hard tax situation confronting himself, his partnerships, and his partners, some of whom were related to him by blood or marriage, stated that he would assume all New York tax liability of the partnerships and of the individual partners if the individual partners would cooperate by executing confessions of judgment as required by New York. It is conceded that Farnsworth waived his right to contribution from his partners, if any, for the payments made or to be made by him on their behalf. A compromise agreement with New York was executed by all the partners2 and Farnsworth and his partners executed the required confessions of judgment which were entered against them. Thereafter Farnsworth paid in installments the full amount of the compromise which embraced all partnership and individual tax liability. As we have said, the Tax Court refused to permit these deductions in gross but did, however, allow Farnsworth to deduct the sums paid by him by way of compromise of his own New York State income tax liability and also permitted him to deduct his aliquot portion of the sums paid by him in compromising the partnership liabilities due under the Unincorporated Business Tax Law of New York. See 1958, 29 T.C. 1131.


4
Farnsworth's executors contend that his estate is entitled to take as deductions all the sums paid by him pursuant to Section 23(a) (1) (A) or Section 23 (c) (1)3 of the Internal Revenue Act of 1939, 26 U.S.C.A. (I.R.C.1939) § 23. The Commissioner not only disputes the applicability of these two sections but argues that even if the sums paid could be taken as deductions ordinarily, nonetheless Section 385 of the New York Tax Law, 59 McKinney's Laws of New York § 385, prevents the taxpayers, Farnsworth's executors, from deducting the amounts paid by him by way of compromise of either his partners' personal income taxes or of the partnerships' unincorporated business taxes. Section 385 forbids any person from directly or indirectly contracting to pay another's personal taxes, and provides that any such contract will be null, void and unenforceable.4,5 The Commissioner contends that Farnsworth's agreement to pay the State personal income taxes of his partners is illegal, void and unenforceable under New York law. He contends next that under Di Raimondo v. Lembo, Sup. 1946, 63 N.Y.S.2d 906, the agreement made by Farnsworth to compromise the partnerships' taxes is also void as against the public policy of the State of New York despite the fact that Farnsworth was individually liable for all of the partnership taxes as was every other member of the partnerships under the law of New York, 38 McKinney's Consol.Laws of New York, c. 39, Section 26. The Commissioner contends that since the agreement concerning the compromise of both the personal and the partnership taxes was embodied in a single document the agreement of Farnsworth to compromise the partnership taxes, for which he was liable, was contaminated by Farnsworth's agreement to pay his partners' individual New York income tax liabilities. The Commissioner does not contend, and logically cannot contend, that the payment by Farnsworth of his own individual income taxes was against public policy.


5
The Commissioner argues that under the doctrine, most recently expressed in Tank Truck Rentals, Inc. v. Commissioner, 1958, 356 U.S. 30, 78 S. Ct. 509, 2 L. Ed. 2d 562, and Hoover Motor Express Co. v. United States, 1958, 356 U.S. 38, 78 S. Ct. 511, 2 L. Ed. 2d 568, deductions will not be permitted from federal income taxes when the allowance of such deductions will contravene a sharply defined State public policy. Therefore, argues the Commissioner, permitting a deduction for another partner's personal income tax would undermine New York's sharply defined public policy, and consequently we may not permit the deductions sought by Farnsworth in respect to the payments made by him to settle his partners' and partnerships' tax liabilities.


6
Farnsworth's executors, the taxpayers, argue that the compromise agreement made and subsequently executed by Farnsworth with his partners for the settlement of all New York tax liabilities is to be construed by New Jersey law and thus Section 385 of the New York Tax Code is inapplicable, and furthermore that even if New York law be deemed to be applicable the assumption of settlement of the partnership taxes by Farnsworth may be severed from the assumption of settlement by Farnsworth of his partners' personal taxes, and that in any case the policy expressed in Section 385 is not such as to require protection by denying federal income tax deductions.


7
We can perceive no question of conflict of laws presented by the facts at bar. The issues presented must be resolved by federal law since federal tax issues are involved. If the circumstances presently presented are such as to contravene the public policy of New York within the ruling of Tank Truck Rentals, Inc., in our opinion it would make no difference as to where the compromise agreement was entered into or where it was executed. The tax law of the United States is uniform and is the same in New Jersey as it is in New York and throughout the United States.


8
The New York State Tax Commission conditioned settlement upon the execution of confessions of judgment for the personal income taxes of Farnsworth's partners and for the partnerships' New York unincorporated business taxes as well. Farnsworth's liability also was required to be covered by a confession of judgment. On this record, however, it does not appear affirmatively that the New York State Tax Commission was aware that Farnsworth made himself liable for the compromise of all the tax liabilities. Nor does it appear, despite the fact that Farnsworth made the payments by his own personal checks and signed some of the confessions of judgment which also were signed by other individual partners, that the New York State Tax Commission knew that he was making these payments from his own funds solus and waiving his right of contribution from his partners. Section 385 is not a criminal, a quasi-criminal, or even a penalty statute. Its sanctions are purely civil, i. e., the denial of enforcement of contracts made contrary to its provisions.6 In the Tank Truck Rentals, Inc. case the Supreme Court held that fines for violation of State maximum weight laws were not deductible as ordinary and necessary business expenses under Section 23(a) (1) (A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939, 26 U.S.C.A. § 23(a) (1) (A), and that to allow the deductions would frustrate State policies proscribing particular types of conduct evidenced by State Law. Here the deductions are sought by Farnsworth under Section 23(a) (1) (A) and Section 23(c) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939, 26 U.S.C.A. §§ 23(a) (1) (A), 23(c) (1).


9
We can perceive no substantial basis for making a distinction in respect to the federal statute under which the deduction is sought to be allowed and none in the fact that Farnsworth acted apparently in innocent contravention of the New York statute. Hoover Motor Express Co. v. United States, supra. It appears, however, that the doctrine of contravention of a State revenue statute set out in Textile Mills Securities Corporation v. Commissioner, 1941, 314 U.S. 326, 62 S. Ct. 272, 86 L. Ed. 249, and Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. Heininger, 1943, 320 U.S. 467, 473, 64 S. Ct. 249, 88 L. Ed. 171, was intended to be and is shown to be a limited one by the decisions in Tank Truck Rentals, Inc. and Hoover. Tank Truck Rentals, Inc. teaches that each case must turn on its own facts and that the test of non-deductibility always lies in the severity and immediacy of the frustration which would result to the State from the allowance of the federal deduction. Under Section 385 payment is not a statutory violation. The contract for the payment is merely rendered unenforceable. Here, the compromise agreement was executed fully. This is not a minor distinction in view of the fact that the New York fisc was not frustrated for it received the funds for which it contracted by way of the compromise agreement. The purpose behind the New York State statute is unclear, to say the least. We have found no decision and none has been cited to us which applies the doctrine of frustration to statutes purely civil in their nature. Absent an express ruling by the Supreme Court on this issue, we are of the opinion that the tendency of that Court is to limit the effect of the frustration doctrine and we state it as our view, upon consideration and examination of the cases, that the Supreme Court would not apply the doctrine of Textile Mills Securities Corporation v. Commissioner and similar authorities, under the circumstances of the case at bar, to deprive Farnsworth's estate of the benefit of deductions specifically provided for by the federal income tax statutes.


10
We must determine next if any provisions of the 1939 Tax Code permit the deductions in issue. In this connection we deal first with all of the deductions sought without regard to whether they are sought under Section 23(c) (1) or Section 23(a) (1) (A). We will discuss the applicability of the two sections referred to at a later point in this opinion. Farnsworth argues that by oral modifications of the partnership agreements, effected post the discovery by him and his partners of the New York State tax liabilities he made himself solely liable for those liabilities and therefore should be permitted to deduct the payments made by him by way of compromise from his federal income taxes in the years in question. That Farnsworth did undertake to make himself so liable and did not exact any contribution or reimbursement from his partners for their shares of the sums paid by way of compromise of the tax liabilities cannot be disputed. But the Commissioner ruled and the Tax Court in effect found that the assumption of liability and payment of the sums required by the compromise by Farnsworth and his waiver of his right to contribution from and reimbursement by his partners constituted a mere gift and was not supported by valid consideration.


11
Farnsworth's executors' position is of course to the contrary and can be summed up as follows. They assert and Farnsworth asserted at the trial that he could not do business in New York unless all tax liabilities, his own, those of his partners and those of the partnership were paid or compromised.7 Farnsworth testified that the New York State Tax Commission was unwilling to settle or dispose of any tax liability unless all tax liabilities were compromised. But if all tax liabilities were compromised the Commission was willing to permit installment payments. It was his evidence that to get his partners to agree to the compromise and to execute confessions of judgment he had to agree to waive his right to contribution from or reimbursement by his partners for they hotly contested all of the New York tax claims.8 Farnsworth's counsel who engineered the compromise agreement with the New York State Tax Commission strongly supported the evidence given by Farnsworth in these respects by his testimony. Ergo, say the taxpayers, Farnsworth, cast upon the horns of this dilemma, was compelled to compromise all tax liabilities at his own expense.


12
In respect to these issues the Tax Court stated "It is, to be sure, contended that petitioner could not settle his own liability for the taxes in question without disposing of all of the New York State claims in one arrangement and that his ex-partners were unwilling to concede their liability. But as the case is presented, we are unable to find that any defense the ex-partners may have had would have been effective, nor indeed that it was necessary for petitioner to relinquish his rights of contribution had he made the settlement by paying the entire amount and seeking to recover from the ex-partners."


13
That Farnsworth could not do business in New York unless the income taxes and taxes arising under the New York Unincorporated Business Tax Law due from him were paid or compromised is a self-evident and necessary inference which this court is entitled to draw. Any business accounts which accrued to Farnsworth's advantage in New York could have been garnished by that State and he also would have been subject to criminal penalties as well. See 59 McKinney's Laws of New York, Tax Law, § 376. But we cannot infer from the record that Farnsworth could not effect the compromise unless he undertook personally to pay the sums required by the compromise without contributions from or reimbursements by his partners. The Tax Court in effect found against the taxpayers on this issue, or at least made no finding or conclusion supporting their assertion in this regard. The obstacle to deciding in Farnsworth's executors' favor on this issue lies in the fact that we cannot hold on consideration of the whole of the records the result reached by the Tax Court was clearly erroneous. We have scrutinized the testimony in these cases and all of the documentary evidence. We shall not discuss the records or detail Farnsworth's own statements but the latter do afford a basis whereby the Tax Court was entitled to conclude that Farnsworth's mind was, to employ his own words, "fixed to settle it and get the whole thing off the slate," and that he felt himself bound by a moral obligation as the chief partner to wipe out the tax liabilities of his partners and the partnerships. It must be borne in mind also that there were strong familial reasons for Farnsworth to do this. Some of his partners were related to him by blood and marriage and many of them had been in business with him for years. We cannot say that the Tax Court was clearly in error in concluding that Farnsworth was not compelled to settle solus all tax liabilities of his partners and his partnerships in order to conduct or maintain his business in New York.


14
It follows that Farnsworth's executors are not entitled to the deductions sought by them under Section 23(c) (1) as taxes paid or accrued within the taxable years for Farnsworth gratuitously assumed full liability without contribution or reimbursement for the payment of the compromise of the New York State tax liabilities and therefore the payments made by him are not deductible. We point out also that sums paid by way of taxes are deductible only by the person upon whom the taxes are imposed except under certain special circumstances not present here. See Magruder v. Supplee, 1942, 316 U.S. 394, 396, 62 S. Ct. 1162, 86 L. Ed. 1555 quoting Article 23(c)-1 of Treasury Regulations 94. Specifically as to the partnerships' New York tax liability since the Tax Court failed to find or conclude that Farnsworth had to waive contribution from his partners in order to effect the settlement but did this gratuitously, his executors are entitled to deduct only his aliquot share of the sums paid by him in compromise of the partnership tax liabilities.


15
Section 23(a) (1) (A) cannot afford a basis for the deductions since the obligations were found by the Tax Court to be gratuitously assumed by Farnsworth and therefore the payments made by him in settlement of them did not constitute a business necessity.


16
The decisions of the Tax Court will be affirmed.



Notes:


1
 The taxpayer, Daniel W. Farnsworth, died of a heart attack on September 25, 1958. His executors, Gertrude Adams Farnsworth, James D. Carpenter, and Robert M. Sharpe, by order of the Tax Court dated October 16, 1958, were substituted as petitioners in his stead. The taxpayer's wife signed joint returns


2
 See Exhibit 21


3
 "§ 23. Deductions from gross income. In computing net income there shall be allowed as deductions:
"(a) (1) (A) All the ordinary and necessary expenses paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business. * * *
"(c) Taxes generally.
"(1) Allowance in general. Taxes paid or accrued within the taxable year. * * *"


4
 59 McKinney, Tax Law, § 385, provides: "It shall be unlawful for any person to agree or contract directly or indirectly to pay or assume or bear the burden of any tax payable by any taxpayer under the provisions of this article [i. e. personal income taxes]. Any such contract or agreement shall be null and void and shall not be enforced or given effect by any court."


5
 The issue of frustration of State policy was first raised by this courtsua sponte. Reargument was granted because of it and the parties ably argued orally and on their briefs the issue suggested as pertinent by the court.


6
 The precise motivation of Section 385 is difficult to ascertain. There seems to be no available legislative history. However, it is interesting to note that many States recognize as legal covenants to pay other's income taxes. See e. g. Young v. Illinois, 310 Ill. 75, 141 N.E. 369, 30 A.L.R. 985; Republic Bldg. v. Gaertner, 201 Ky. 509, 256 S.W. 1111, 30 A.L.R. 982; Kimball v. Cotting, 229 Mass. 541, 118 N.E. 866, L.R.A.1918C, 1189. It is possible that the intent of the New York State Legislature in enacting Section 385 was merely to prevent collusive or otherwise illegal agreements in respect to divorce proceedings


7
 When asked what would have been the effect on his partnership or partnerships of non-settlement of the New York tax liabilities Farnsworth replied: "Rather disastrous."
When asked what would have been the effect on the business of the partnerships if all tax liability had had to be paid "at one lump", Farnsworth replied: "[I]t would ruin them."


8
 Only two partners apparently did not object to paying or comprising their respective New York State tax liabilities. One was Peter Egan who lived in New Jersey. The other was James Hastie, the partner resident in New York. The compromise agreement covered all partners in all of the partnerships existent at the critical dates and also all partnerships involved in New York tax liabilities


















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











James D Farnsworth                                                                                                       - Canton                                            , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Canton



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            James D Farnsworth
                                    



 





















J 


James D Farnsworth                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4679 MAGNOLIA RD NE CANTON, OH 44705
Get Directions



(330) 705-8307
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $136,876.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts James Farnworth                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


James D Farnsworth                                                                                                       was founded in 2010, and is located at 4679 Magnolia Rd Ne in Canton. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting James Farnworth                                                                                                          at (330) 705-8307. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Colorin over Coffee the Prepper Pages - Farnsworth, James D. - 9781523725496 | HPB









HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREColorin Over Coffee The Prepper Pagesby Farnsworth, James D.Coloring Book with tips for preparation of a power outage.Crafts for ChildrenCondition: --HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideFormat: PaperbackSold by: --Language: EnglishPublisher: Createspace Independent PubISBN-13: 9781523725496ISBN: 1523725494Publication Year: 2016Edition: CLR CSMHPB pick - Out of stockLoading...Loading marketplace...HPB condition ratingsNew: Item is brand new, unused and unmarked, in flawless condition.Fine/Like New (F): No defects, little usage. May show remainder marks. Older books may show minor flaws.Very Good (VG): Shows some signs of wear and is no longer fresh. Attractive. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Good (G): Average used book with all pages present. Possible loose bindings, highlighting, cocked spine or torn dust jackets. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Fair (FR): Obviously well-worn, but no text pages missing. May be without endpapers or title page. Markings do not interfere with readability. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Poor (P): All text is legible but may be soiled and have binding defects. Reading copies and binding copies fall into this category. Used textbooks do not come with supplemental materials.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: Mint condition or still sealed (SS). Absolutely perfect in every way. New.Fine/Like New (EX): No defects, little sign of use, well cared for. Plays perfectly. Close to new. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. Could be an unopened promotional or cut item. Sometimes called: mint-minus.Very Good (VG): Will show some signs that it was played and otherwise handled by a previous owner who took good care of it.Good (G): Attractive and well cared for, but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, scuffing or scratching, but will play almost perfectly. For vinyl: barely detectable crackles or pops.Fair (FR): This item is in okay condition. For vinyl: good is not so good and the record may have low level crackles or pops when playing. CD: one or more tracks may skip.Poor (P): Obviously well-worn and handled. Most vinyl collectors will not buy good or below, but some tracks on CD or vinyl will play.Conditions GuideHPB condition ratingsNew: This movie is unopened and brand new.Fine/Like New (EX): Near new. No defects, little sign of use. Plays perfectly. Not necessarily sealed or unused, but close. No skipping; no fuzzy or snowy frames in VHS.Very Good (VG): Attractive and well cared for but no longer fresh. Minor signs of wear, but will play almost perfectly. For VHS: barely detectable distortion or very few fuzzy or snowy frames.Good (G): This item is in okay condition and basically works well. There may be some minor distortion on VHS tape; slight scratching or wear on DVD.Fair (FR): Basically plays, but may be obviously well-worn with some scratching or tape distortion.Poor (P): Disc or tape is intact, but may be scratched or stretched. There may be skips or distortion or product defects.Conditions Guide×

Cornet and Case of John E. Farnsworth, PA 102nd Infantry | Union Drummer Boy



























Search

















    View Cart (0)








Specializing in Authentic Civil War Artifacts






Shop
Cornet and Case of John E. Farnsworth, PA 102nd Infantry


























































Cornet and Case of John E. Farnsworth, PA 102nd Infantry

$495.00




Required

QTY










There is only 1 item left in stock.





Cornet and Case of John E. Farnsworth, PA 102nd Infantry - With old ink tag, from the estate of John E. Farnsworth.  Case is lined in red.   John
Farnsworth:
Residence
was not listed; 
Enlisted
on 7/13/1863 as a Sergeant.
On
7/13/1863 he mustered into "G" Co. PA 102nd Infantry 
He
was Mustered Out on 6/28/1865 at Washington, DC
PENNSYLVANIA102ND
INFANTRY (Three Years)
One
Hundred and Second Infantry.-Cols., Thomas A. Rowley Joseph M. Kinkead, John W.
Patterson, James Patchell, Lieut.- Cols. J. M. Kinkead, John W. Patterson,
William McIlwaine, Thomas McLaughlin, James H. Coleman, James Patchell, James
D. Kirk, James D. Duncan Majs., John Poland, John W. Patterson, Joseph Brown,
Thomas McLaughlin, James H. Coleman, James Patchell, James D. Kirk, James D.
Duncan, Robert W. Lyon.  The 102nd, whose
nucleus was the old 12th regiment, was recruited at Pittsburg in Aug. and
Sept., 1861, and ordered to Washington in detachments, where the organization
was completed.  It was assigned to Peck's
brigade, Couch's division, Keyes' corps, and was stationed at Washington during
the winter, except two companies, which were detailed at Great Falls for a
short time.  It participated in the siege
of Yorktown and in the battles of Williamsburg, Fair Oaks and Malvern
hill.  The brigade was detached from the
4th corps, met the army at Centerville after the second Bull Run battle, acted
as support to a battery during the engagement at Chantilly; was held in reserve
at Antietam, and was attached to the 6th corps when Gen. Burnside assumed
command of the army.  The regiment was
next actively engaged in the Chancellorsville campaign in May, 1863, at
Fredericksburg, Salem Church and Marye's heights, after which it retired to Falmouth
until the battle of Gettysburg.  There it
arrived on July 2, and was ordered into action the same afternoon, changing its
position only slightly during the battle. 
It joined in the pursuit of the Confederate Army and the Mine Run campaign,
after which it established winter quarters at Brandy Station.  Late in Dec., 1863, almost the entire
regiment reenlisted and were furloughed. 
The veterans rejoined the regiment at Halltown, Va., in March, 1864, and
the brigade returned to Brandy Station, where it was assigned to the 2nd division.  The losses of the regiment at the Wilderness,
Spottsylvania and Cold Harbor were very heavy and it was again in action in the
first assaults on Petersburg.  On July 9,
the corps was hurried to the defense of Washington and arrived in time to
render the most important service in checking Gen. Early.  It shared in the marches and counter-marches
which followed, and in the battles of the Opequan, Fisher's hill and Cedar
creek, returning in December to Petersburg, where it went into winter
quarters.  On March 25, 1865, it advanced
upon the enemy, joined in the final assault on April 2, and the. fight at
Sailor's creek.  It then moved to
Danville to join Gen. Sherman's force, but returned to Washington and was there
mustered out on June 28, 1865.
Chancellorsville,
VA after battle report:
No.
237.
Report
of Col. Joseph M. Kinkead, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS.
102d REGT. PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., May 7, 1863.
SIR:
I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and second Regt.
Pennsylvania Volunteers in the operations at Fredericksburg and vicinity.
The
regiment left its camp on Tuesday, April 28, about 3 p.m., taking position
third in line. Arriving about sundown at a ravine in rear of hill next the
river, bivouacked for the night.
On
Wednesday morning (29th) took position parallel with road from Falmouth to King
George Court-House, directly in rear of Dr. Morson's house.
Thursday
(30th) was mustered for pay by Lieut.-Col. Moody.  Friday, May 1, moved to Pollock's Mill, near
lower bridge. Returned to previous position about 9 p.m.
Saturday,
May 2, at 7 a. m., returned to the mill, and in conjunction with Ninety-eighth
Regt. Pennsylvania Volunteers, removed the boats an lumber of the pontoon
bridge, which had been taken up during the previous night, to a place of
safety, the labor being performed with alacrity and to the entire satisfaction
of the engineer in charge. The same evening, between 8 and 9 o'clock, crossed
the bridge near Dr. Bernard's old house, and bivouacked until midnight, when we
were moved to Fredericksburg, which we entered before daybreak.
About
sunrise, in accordance with orders, the regiment advanced and occupied the
crest of the first ridge back of the town, between the two railroads, three
companies of our left wing being in the deep cut where the railroad goes
through the ridge. Immediately after the occupation of this position, Capt.
McCarthy's battery, First Pennsylvania Artillery, dashed up the hill, and was
placed in battery in our rear. After he had fired a few rounds, and the
12-pounder battery in the town had opened directly over us, killing 2 and wounding
several of my men, I had my line moved back about 15 places, which gave the
same support to the battery and protected us to some extent from the fire in
the rear. Whilst occupying this ground, I sent 2 of my men along the line of
the railroad, under cover of the embankment, who discovered a position
partially enfilading the famous tone-wall rifle-pit, and, reporting the fact to
Gen. Wheaton, was authorized to send a company there, who, after arriving, kept
up such an incessant fire as certainly added greatly to the effect of
operations going on in that vicinity. About 10 o'clock, a general advance was
made, the regiments on the right of our division entering the enemy's works
handsomely. The One hundred and second came up in its proper position, although
somewhat retarded in crossing the deep cut of the railroad on our right. Loss
up to this time, 5 killed and 6 wounded.
Arriving
on the heights, we advanced on the right of the Plank road toward
Chancellorsville, coming up with the enemy at the too-gate near Salem Church,
where they had made a determined and decided stand.
On
being ordered forward to fill a space between the left of a New Jersey regiment
and the right of the line, advancing on the road, the regiment went up to the
position in good order, double-quick, and maintained their place until the line
on our left had been driven back and a heavy cross-fire was being poured in from
the right, compelling us to retire, retaining, however, a well-defined line.
Loss at this place was 7 killed, including Capt. John Large, of the color
company, 45 wounded, and 8 missing.
My
men brought out from this place 18 prisoners, 11 of whom I have receipts for.
Our
operations on Monday, May 4, consisted in moving to support different portions
of the line until nearly sundown, when the brigade was moved double-quick to
support Gen. Howe's line in direction of Fredericksburg. The line, posted along
a brush fence, consisted of the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers,
Sixty-second New York Volunteers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and One
hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers. I took my position on the right of
left center company, seating myself on a stump to see what was transpiring in
the vicinity. The men were allowed to go to sleep. About 8 o'clock I received a
message to keep quiet and kindle no fires. At the same time the regiments on my
right moved off by their left flank, passing our right and moving directly to
the front. After remaining for nearly an hour, Doctor Morson had occasion to go
to the rear, where he proposed to establish a hospital, but, returning, informed
me that the troops near there had moved. The rumbling sound of artillery moving
indicated the passage of troops over the road north of us. The demoniac yells
from the direction where Gen. Sedgwick had the main portion of the corps at
sundown, told plainly that we were alone, with the enemy on three sides of us.
I immediately sent Capt. Coleman with 8 men to the front, to find if any other
portion of the brigade was there, or what direction they had taken. Four men
were sent to the right, to communicate with Lieut. Morris, of the Sixty-second
New York.
Capt.
Fullwood deployed his company in the rear, and Lieut.  Lyon, with 6 men, was sent to discover a road
through the forest to the road beyond. Capt. Coleman returned, reporting 2
wounded men of the Sixty-second New York where the line had been. The party
sent to communicate with Lieut. Morris returned without finding him, but
bringing one of his men in charge of a prisoner, who represented himself as
belonging to Anderson's division, 40,000 strong, and standing in line in the
forest south of the Plank road. Capt. Fullwood reported from his line that he
could distinctly hear the jokes and jeers of the rebels on coming up to a
knapsack, and were not disposed to pass until its contents were rifled. The
party sent to find the road had not reported. Hearing distinctly the commands
given to the lines closing in on my right and rear, I ordered my men to cross
the fence and march quietly by the left flank. The movement had scarcely
commenced before we were fired into, and the fire returned by portions of
Companies A and F, on the right of the regiment. Our march continued,
principally through swamps, until arriving near the vedettes of the Eighth
Pennsylvania Cavalry, who fired several shots at us before the condition of
affairs could be explained. On learning the correct road to the ford, I rode
back to close up those who had become scattered in passing the swamp, and
remained as long as any of my men continued to arrive. On getting inside the
line, the regiment was put in position designated by Capt. [William G.]
Ulshoeffer, of Gen. Newton's staff.
Loss
on evening of the 4th instant is 102, including Lieut.-Col.
Patterson,
1 captain, and 2 lieutenants.
Our
regimental colors were missing when we arrived at the lines, and the only corporal
of the color-guard who escaped with us reported that they had been delivered to
a sergeant of Company I, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. They have not yet been
found, but I feel confident did not fall into the hands of the enemy.
The
river was recrossed the same night with that part of the troops among whom we
had been placed, and the brigade rejoined early on the morning of the 5th
instant.
Whether
my action was correct in ordering the march from the position in which we had
been placed at sundown without authority from the source that had placed the
regiment there, remains for higher power to decide. I feel that the
circumstances justified the act, and all who obeyed my orders promptly came
away in safety.
The
total loss of the regiment during the operations until recrossing the river was
185,* including killed, wounded, and missing. Lists of all have been forwarded.
Respectfully
submitted.
J. M. KINKEAD, Col. 102d Regt. Pennsylvania
Volunteers.
Capt.
GEORGE R. CLENDENIN, Jr.,  Assistant
Adjutant-Gen., Third Brigade.
 Gettysburg
after battle report: 
Report
of Col. John W. Patterson, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry. Hdqrs.
102d Regt. Pennsylvania Volunteers,
August
4, 1863.
Sir:
In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, dated August 3, 1863, I
have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command
from July 1 to 17, 1863, inclusive:
July
1, camp near Manchester.--Was ordered to report to division quartermaster, for
the purpose of guarding supply train to Westminster.
Arrived
at the latter place on the morning of the 2d. 
Reported to Gen. Buford, and received instructions to picket roads
leading to Gettysburg, Emmitsburg, and Taneytown.
On
the morning of the 5th, were relieved by cavalry, and moved  to camp at wagon park.
July
6.--Moved my regiment to the north and west of the town.  At midnight joined the corps trains, and,
after a fatiguing march through mud and rain, arrived and bivouacked within 1
mile of Frederick City.
July
8.--At 12 m. of this date, resumed the march, passing through  Frederick City, and at 7 p. m. reported
myself and command to the general commanding the brigade, at Middletown.
July
9.--Left Middletown, arriving at Boonsborough about noon;  went into line of battle, bivouacked for the
night, and, on the morning of the 10th, moved forward to near Funkstown.
July
11.--Went on picket to the right of the Hagerstown road and near to Antietam
Creek, relieving the Fifth Vermont Regt., of the Second Division.
On
the morning of the 13th, moved forward, and took up position  about 4 miles east of Williamsport, hearing
picket firing in our immediate front. 
Heavy rain until nearly dark.
At
1 a. m. of the 14th, relieved the Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,
throwing up breastworks.
July
15.--Moved to Williamsport, and went into camp.
July
16.--Countermarched, and about noon reached Boonsborough.
July 17.--Company B, detached with ammunition
train, reported to me for duty with regiment. 
Resumed the march, and in the evening arrived within 2 miles of Berlin,
Md.
I
am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN
W. PATTERSON, Col. One hundred and second Regt. Pennsylvania Vols.
Capt.
George Clendenin, Jr., Assistant Adjutant-Gen.
Inventory Number: MUS 040






















Featured Products











"Red Legged Devils" Flag Fragment From the "14th Brooklyn" The Brooklyn Zouaves Also Known as the 14th New York State Militia

$1,600.00










21st Connecticut Company "D" Ca. 1862 Albumen

$750.00










Confederate Cannonball on Original Sabot Recovered from Gettysburg

$1,250.00





View All Products








×
Cornet and Case of John E. Farnsworth, PA 102nd Infantry










Join our email list

















Home
Shop
Gallery Information
Contact Us
Terms









Copyright © 2017 Union Drummer Boy
  





















