







   Deborah Farrington | Measured Progress Inc | ZoomInfo.com









farrington | StarVest Partners


























































 

 















Select Page


  
 



 



 










 




Deborah A. Farrington,
Managing Partner and Co-Founder
Deborah Farrington is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner of StarVest Partners, LP, a New York City-based venture capital firm founded in 1998. StarVest invests in technology-enabled business services companies with a focus on software-as-a-service (“SaaS”), data & analytics and internet marketing. Ms. Farrington is an experienced investor in business services and consumer products, spanning both private equity, growth and venture investing over the last three decades. As well, she is an experienced financial services executive, having held management and operating positions in investment and commercial banking; and she has been a director of many private and public companies over the last 25 years.
StarVest was an early investor in the software-as-a-service trend: in 2000, Ms. Farrington led the firm’s investment as the only venture investor in NetSuite, the leader in SaaS ERP (enterprise resource planning). Other noteworthy investments include: Insurance.com, the first online insurance exchange acquired by QuinStreet; and Fieldglass, the pioneer in contract labor software, acquired by a private equity firm and then by SAP for $1 billion.
On behalf of StarVest, Ms. Farrington sits on the boards of CrowdTwist, Host Analytics, Snag-A-Job, Take the Interview and Xignite. She was Lead Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee of NetSuite (NYSE: N) from its 2007 IPO until November 2016 when it was acquired by Oracle for $9.4 billion, the highest price ever paid for an enterprise SaaS company. She is also a director of Collectors Universe, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLCT) where she is Chairman of the Compensation Committee.
She has been named multiple times to the Forbes Midas 100 List of top venture capitalists in the United States and was the top woman on the list in 2008 and 2011. She has been a Finalist in Finance for the World Technology Awards.
Prior to founding StarVest, Ms. Farrington held positions including: President & CEO of Victory Ventures, LLC, a New York-based multi-strategy private equity firm she co-founded where she also served as chairman of Staffing Resources, Inc., a leading regional staffing firm; and Managing Director of Asian Oceanic Group, a Hong Kong-based merchant bank where she also served as EVP and a director of publicly listed Tigera, Group, Inc. Earlier in her career she was with Merrill Lynch & Co. based in New York, Hong Kong and Tokyo, as an investment banker, securities analyst and member of the Operating Committee of Merrill Lynch International. She began her career at The Chase Manhattan Bank where she completed the Global Credit Training Program and served as a lending officer.
Her activities outside of work focus on a passionate devotion to women’s education and entrepreneurship and support of the arts. She is a graduate of Smith College where she is a Trustee and member of the Investment Committee and holds an MBA from Harvard Business School where she is a member of the Dean’s Visiting Committee and has endowed a “Fellowship for Women Entrepreneurs.” She is a board member of the Harvard Business School Club of New York City, a member of the Business Committee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a board member of the American Friends of the Victoria & Albert Museum in London and a member of the Advisory Group of WQXR. She is a member of the Economic Club of New York, the New York Chapter of the International Women’s Forum and serves as an advisor to Educate!, an organization based in Kampala, Uganda that provides leadership and entrepreneurship training for secondary students and has taught those subjects there.



 


BACK TO TEAM

ASSOCIATED COMPANIES
 
 
 
 
 

 










 










 







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Deborah A. Farrington: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of StarVest Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Deborah A. Farrington  Co-Founder, President, and Managing Partner, StarVest Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 12 Board Members in 12 different organizations across 14 different industries.See Board Relationships67--
Background

		Ms. Deborah A. Farrington, also known as Debby, is a Managing Partner at StarVest Partners, LP. and also serves as its Co-Founder and President. Ms. Farrington was previously a General Partner at the firm since 1999. She has eight years experience investing in business services companies as a founding principal of StarVest, where she played a critical role in shaping its strategy to invest in business services companies. She is an Advisor to Educate!.Prior to founding ... StarVest, from 1993 to 1997, she served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chair of East River Ventures, L.P., Also during that period, she was a Founding Investor and Chairman of the Board at Staffing Resources, Inc. From 1987 to 1993, she served as Managing Director of the Asian Oceanic Group and its affiliates. She served as an Executive Vice President of Tigera Group, Inc. from 1992 to 1993. From 1976 to 1987, she served at BofA Merrill Lynch where she served positions in management including as an Investment Banker and Securities Analyst of Merrill Lynch International and also had a variety of assignments in international and domestic investment banking, securities analysis and management. From 1972 to 1974, she served as a Lending Officer at the Chase Manhattan Bank. She serves on the Board of ComparisonMarket Insurance Agency, Inc., and Perquest, Inc. She serves as a Board Member of The Harvard Business School Club of Greater New York, Inc. On behalf of StarVest She sits on Board of CrowdTwist, Host Analytics, Inc., PeopleMatter, Take The Interview, Inc., and Xignite,Inc. She serves as a Director of The Receivables Exchange, LLC, PMW Technologies Inc., and PivotLink Corp. She has been an Independent Director of PeopleMatter Inc. since October 28, 2013 and Collectors Universe Inc., since September 25, 2003. She serves as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Harvard Business School Alumni Association and is active in fund raising and alumni affairs for both Smith College and Harvard Business School. She serves as a Trustee and Member of President’s Advisory council of Smith College. She served as a Member of the Board of Directors of Opportunity International, Inc., RAMP, Inc. until July 2015. She served as Lead Independent Director of NetSuite Inc. until November 7, 2016 and served as its Independent Director since May 2000 until November 7, 2016. She served as a Director of Tigera Group, Inc., from 1992 to 1993. She served as a Director of Diversified Corporate Resources, Inc. Fieldglass Inc., and Insurance.com. She served as Vice President of the HBS Alumni Association Board of Directors from 2001 to 2006. Ms. Farrington is an experienced investor in business services and consumer products, spanning both private equity growth and venture investing over the last three decades. She has 15 years of experience investing in business services companies. She is an experienced financial services executive, having held management and operating positions in investment and commercial banking. She has been a director of many private and public companies over the last 25 years. She has a 30-year career in financial services encompassing 20 years of private equity investing, 11 years of investment banking and security analysis both in the United States and abroad. She has broad experience in corporate governance and Sarbanes-Oxley issues and has applied this expertise to the StarVest portfolio, particularly in providing guidance to companies with plans to go public. She was a Finalist in Finance for the World Technology Awards. She was named to the Forbes Midas 100 List of top venture capitalists in the United States in 2008, 2009 and 2011 and was the top woman on the list in 2008 and 2011. She completed the Global Credit Training Program at the Chase Manhattan Bank. She holds a Master Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Ms. Farrington holds an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from Smith College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
750 Lexington Avenue (@ 59th Street)New York, New York 10022United StatesPhone: 212-863-2500Fax: 212-863-2520
Board Members Memberships
DirectorFieldglass, Inc.DirectorComparisonMarket, Inc.DirectorOpportunity International Inc.DirectorPerquest, Inc.DirectorHost Analytics, Inc.DirectorThe Harvard Business School Club of New York, Inc.DirectorXignite, Inc.DirectorPMW Technologies Inc.DirectorTake The Interview, Inc.DirectorThe Receivables Exchange, LLC2003-PresentIndependent DirectorCollectors Universe Inc.2013-PresentDirectorPeopleMatter, Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBA Smith College
Other Affiliations
East River Ventures, L.P.Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.Staffing Resources, Inc.Collectors Universe Inc.NetSuite Inc.Diversified Corporate Resources, Inc.Fieldglass, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolComparisonMarket, Inc.StarVest Partners, L.P.Smith CollegeOpportunity International Inc.Perquest, Inc.Host Analytics, Inc.The Harvard Business School Club of New York, Inc.Xignite, Inc.PeopleMatter, Inc.PivotLink Corp.Asian Oceanic GroupRamp Inc.StarVest Partners II, L.P.PMW Technologies Inc.Take The Interview, Inc.The Receivables Exchange, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact StarVest Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Deborah Farrington | Tie Con 2017
































































































 




Deborah Farrington
Managing Partner and Co-Founder, StarVest Partners






Deborah is managing partner and co-founder of StarVest Partners. StarVest invests in technology-enabled business services companies with a focus on software-as-a-service, ecommerce and internet marketing. Farrington is an experienced investor in business services and consumer products, spanning both private equity growth and venture investing over the last three decades. She is an experienced financial services executive, having held management and operating positions in investment and commercial banking; she has been a director of many private and public companies over the last 25 years.
Farrington currently sits on the boards of CrowdTwist, Host Analytics, PeopleMatter, Take the Interview and Xignite. She is also a director of Collectors Universe, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLCT) where she is Chairman of the Compensation Committee.
She is a graduate of Smith College where she is a Trustee and member of the Investment Committee and holds an MBA from Harvard Business School where she is a member of the Dean’s Visiting Committee and has endowed a “Fellowship for Women Entrepreneurs.”
 












 
 

































 




Deborah Farrington of StarVest, on Evaluating C.E.O.’s - The New York Times










































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Business Day|C.E.O. or Not, You Always Need Feedback







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Business Day

C.E.O. or Not, You Always Need Feedback



Corner Office 
By                     
 ADAM BRYANT
 
MAY 12, 2012




Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









This interview with 
Deborah Farrington, a founder and general partner at StarVest Partners, a venture capital firm in New York, was conducted and condensed by 
Adam Bryant.Q. What were some important leadership lessons you’ve learned?A. I found early on as a manager that it was hard to learn how to delegate. I think that most people in their early leadership positions either tend to delegate too little or too much. And I delegated too little at first. I felt I needed to know everything that was going on, so I ended up doing a lot of the work myself that the people who reported to me should have been doing. I found myself working 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I stepped back and said, “This is not going to work.”So I sat down and talked to the people who worked for me, and we agreed on various goals. But then I delegated too much. When they came back at the end of the quarter and I saw what they did, I realized that approach didn’t work well, either. So I learned the importance of weekly check-ins, and then I think I got the balance right.Q. What else?A. I had a terrific boss at Merrill Lynch who taught me that the most important conversation you can have with anybody who works for you is the performance review. Because people, especially those who are goal-oriented and very high-achieving, want feedback. They need that. And my boss made me feel that nothing was more important than this conversation. When you’re young, you know you can improve; you want to improve. You need feedback, and you need constructive feedback.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

So when I coach and rate C.E.O.’s today — if I’m on a board, if I’m hiring them or giving them feedback — I’m always looking to see if they understood what they’ve done well. Do they understand what they didn’t do well? Are they listening to my feedback? Can they accept it? How do they then modify their behavior? Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Q. When you started your own firm, you had a blank slate to create the culture you wanted. What did you do? A. There were four of us who started the business together — three women and one man — and we had each worked at firms that we felt had been too aggressive, too cutthroat. We came from investment banks, from private equity, from other venture firms, where people were always vying to say, “I did this, and therefore I want the biggest reward.”We wanted to start a firm that was based on respect for the individual, with a moral culture. So we started out with a rule: “No jerks allowed, ever.” The language was a little more blunt, but you get the idea. We’d all worked with too many people like that.
Photo






In evaluating chief executives, Deborah A. Farrington says she watches for their ability to understand what they are and aren’t doing well.

Credit
            Earl Wilson/The New York Times        


And we wanted a culture where accomplishments and results were valued above politics. Each person would have time to be heard. And each person would be required to be heard. You had to have an opinion. You couldn’t just say, “Well, I’m going to pass on that.”Another thing we did was to bring in a leadership consultant, not long after we started the business in 1998, to run off-site meetings for the four founders once or twice a year. He helped us understand our individual styles and how we liked to make decisions and interact. One person went A, B, C, D — very linear. Another person quickly processed things, immediately went from A to Z, and said, “This is it.” And other people had something in between. So it really helped us understand the decision-making style of the partners, and that helped us develop some of the ground rules for how we make decisions.So we really focused on communication and clarity. One of our rules is that everybody gets a chance to speak, and they have three minutes each. Then we would discuss, and then we would vote. We really focused on the process.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Q. When you’re working with C.E.O.’s of the companies you’re investing in, do you find yourself repeating certain things? A. What I tend to say to them is, “Talk to me about what you’re doing right, and how you’re doing it, and what you feel you can do better.” I don’t want to hear only good news. Because with a growing company, and especially for first-time C.E.O.’s, I think they feel that they need to know all the answers — “I can’t show weakness. I can’t show that I don’t know how to do something.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

So they tend to want to come to you with answers and the problems solved. And I say: “No, that’s not what I want. Tell me what the problems are, so I can help you solve them. This stuff is tough. We don’t expect you to do everything yourself. Let me help you. Let the board help you.”I look for people who don’t think they know all the answers, because no one does in this very fast-changing world, especially in technology. I want to know if they’re going to listen when I’m giving them feedback. Because I’ve seen a lot. I’ve invested in about 70 companies, and I’ve looked at hundreds of others. I tell them: I’m not preaching to you, I’m partnering with you. I’m not your boss. I’m a board member, and I’m trying to make you be the best C.E.O. you can be. Q. Tell me more about how you assess chief executives. A. Obviously you want expertise, technical skills, and you want them to be really smart. But I’m also looking for more subjective things, like self-awareness. Do they understand their own strengths and weaknesses? Can they create excitement for others and the desire to achieve?I would say that in 75 percent of the companies we’ve invested in, the board has decided to change the C.E.O. So when you are hiring a new C.E.O., of course you want to know if they know what to do and how to do it. What I always ask them is: “Review your career for me. Tell me what you did and why you did it.” I want to understand that person’s history. And in describing their professional history, their personal history comes out when they explain why they changed jobs.If they’re a first-time C.E.O., can they learn? Do they have the attributes that’ll make a great C.E.O.? Can they hire “A” players? Can they build a sense of mission and urgency? Can they maintain that energy and motivation to stay on top?
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.




















Corner Office
Conversations with Adam Bryant about leadership and management.









                                Lyft’s John Zimmer on Empowering Others to Help Them Grow            
JUL 21








                                Erika Nardini on the Value of Leading ‘10 Percent’ Players            
JUL 14








                                Don Mal on the Relentless Pursuit of Making Your Numbers            
JUL 7








                                Lt. Gen. Nadja Y. West on the Power of Empathy            
JUN 30








                                Joe Andrew on Building a Culture to Encourage Creativity            
JUN 23












What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times































Movers and Shakers: Deborah Farrington, Co-Founder and General Partner of StarVest Partners | The Glasshammer






































































SUBSCRIBE
+1-646-6882318  


nicki@theglasshammer.com
 


























Open MenuHome
About us

Contact Us


Career Advice

People

Voices of Experience
Movers and Shakers
Thought Leaders
Rising Stars
Men Who “Get It”
Extraordinary Lives
Intrepid Women Series
Spotlight on People
Life After Corporate
35 under 35


Career Advice
Thought Leadership

Career Tip of the Week
Op-Ed
Whitepapers




Coaching
Consulting
Networking

Our Events
Past Events


Partners
Subscribe





 














Article


 










Contentteam
Movers and Shakers: Deborah Farrington, Co-Founder and General Partner of StarVest Partners


By Melissa J. Anderson (New York City)
Deborah Farrington, Co-Founder and General Partner of StarVest Partners, said one of her key career themes has been an ability to take risks at the appropriate time and seize opportunities as they presented themselves.
She encouraged women to be more open to taking on new challenges when they arise – to walk through doorways when they are opened. “Don’t shy away from things. I think you’ll be surprised at how well you can do them,” she said.
Farrington is now a leading venture capitalist, and as one of only two women named on the Forbes Midas List of top tech investors this year, she is enthusiastic about getting more women into the field.
Taking on New Opportunities
Farrington began her career in Chase Manhattan’s global credit training program, with her first job at Chase, lending to small businesses. “It was very good preparation for venture, because small business is all about managing cash flow to survive,” she explained. Next, she pursued an MBA at Harvard Business School, and after graduating took a job at Merrill Lynch in investment banking.
When her husband, who worked for Salomon Brothers, was transferred to Hong Kong, Merrill Lynch was able to find a role for her in Hong Kong as well. “I was covering emerging markets in the ‘80s, which was all about high growth,” she said. Then, when they moved to Tokyo, she took a job as a securities analyst. “In Japan, at the time, they didn’t really know what to do with a female investment banker,” she explained. So, when Merrill asked, “How about being a securities analyst?” she responded “I can do that!”
She recalled, “It was the beginning of the Asian growth miracle, and I joined a Hong Kong merchant bank called Asia Oceanic Group in the late ‘80s. Our mandate was facilitating the flow of capital and technology between Asia and the US. That was my first exposure to private equity and to being  a principal instead of an agent and I loved it! I headed corporate finance in New York and then Hong Kong. Our firm started co-investing alongside our clients in tech companies which were just beginning to outsource to China from headquarters  in Hong Kong at the time.”
When she came back to New York, Farrington ran a small public company controlled by Asian Oceanic. “I said I’d never done that before, but I’d certainly give it a try!” she said with a laugh. “I then approached a group of friends from Harvard Business School about backing me to buy the public company I had been running. They declined, but invited me to join them and we started a multi-strategy private equity/venture group. We had a thesis about business services going on the web and made an investment and it did extremely well.” This was the first investment at what became Victory Ventures where she was CEO. And, she noted, the group eventually did end up buying the public company she had been running.
After four years, she decided that the time was right to start her own fund to invest in Internet-based business services and joined with three other partners in 1998 to start StarVest, which invests in software as a service, e-commerce, and internet marketing technologies.
She said, “Venture capital is by far the most interesting thing I’ve ever done. Every day part of my job is to think about what’s the next big thing in technology. And, a key part of the job of a venture capitalist is  to help guide and grow our companies, and work with CEOs, mentoring them and providing resources. The primary responsibility of a venture capitalist is to successfully exit our companies to send money back to our Limited Partner investors. This requires judgments about economic trends and opportunities for liquidity in the public IPO market and through mergers and acquisitions. Being an investment banker was good training for this. ”
Finally, she added, because the majority of StarVest’s investors are state and city pension funds, “We have an important fiduciary duty to provide investment returns to fund their pension obligations.”
Getting More Women into Venture
According to a recent survey by the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA) and Dow Jones VentureSource, only about 21 percent of the industry is female. According to Farrington, increasing the percentage of women in the field would yield important benefits.
First of all, she said, “You always have to think about who your customers are. With e-commerce and social media increasing steadily in importance as venture investments, at least half of your customers are going to be women. That alone is a reason for having more women go into venture.”
“Second, in my experience, women have a better ability to come to collective decisions. Men are more frequently confrontational, while women tend to be better collaborators. One of the things I always find important to making good decisions is bringing together a lot of different views and focusing on the best of those without pride of authorship. Women are particularly good at that, especially at the board level.”
“I’m often the only woman on a board, and I find myself asking the question where are we now and how can I edit and synthesize that in order to move forward?’” she added.
And third, she continued, “Getting as many views as possible into a room is important. Particularly in venture, it’s very important to have people who will look at things in a different way than the prevailing wisdom.”
Where are the women then? She answered, “This is something I have thought a lot about. I look at it in the historical context of finance. Waves of women went into different areas at different times. First, it was commercial banking in the early ‘70s, then investment banking in the ‘80s, then private equity in the ‘90s. As these areas expanded and became more mainstream, women turned to the opportunities as they became available, but there are always special challenges for the pioneers.”
She continued, “Venture came to the forefront in the late ‘90s and early 2000s with some of the huge wins like eBay, Intuit, salesforce.com and such, which tend to be technology oriented. But fewer women have a background in technology and engineering – and this is one challenge.”
“I have marveled at the opportunities afforded by each of the fields I’ve worked in, but especially venture. There’s so much going on right now. There’s so much value creation possible and I think this area is best able to be an engine for job creation by backing entrepreneurs, which is a particular challenge in our economy and now and very important for our society. In StarVest’s portfolio, the companies we’ve backed have created thousands of jobs. I want to make sure women are more aware of and can take advantage of and participate in these opportunities.”
She continued, “As women, it’s important that we guide our own destinies, gain financial independence, and contribute to and have a real voice in society and the economy. I think by having women more  involved in  more parts of the economy, it will create a better society by enabling all the best minds to be involved.”
Overcoming Challenges
Farrington said that one of the main barriers for women in getting into the field is just that: they don’t. “Venture has not done a particularly good job with outreach. I do think there are other ways for people to get involved in venture, for example my background in finance gave me expertise in analyzing business models.”
Besides an awareness issue, she said women can develop the expertise necessary for getting into venture by going into related fields that provide training, such as an investment banking analyst or developing expertise in the area of venture they’d like to participate in, such as e-commerce, technology product management or digital media.
And, she said, she wants the industry to realize the value that women bring to the venture conversation. “The field needs to recognize that women are additive to the firm and in the boardroom. I believe the dialogue in the boardroom is richer and better when women are involved.”
She continued, “The excellent returns generated from investing in social and digital media and ecommerce [where women are more concentrated] should do a lot to open the eyes of the men  at VC firms.” Farrington cited companies like Gilt and Birchbox, which were founded by women. “You want someone analyzing them from the customer’s, i.e. woman’s, eyes.”
“There are more women CEOs, and there need to be more women VCs too. It’s time to recognize that women are much more involved in some of the areas that these firms are making most of their money in,” she added.
In Her Personal Time
In her non-StarVest time, Farrington follows her two passions: women’s education and women’s economic empowerment.
“Most of my philanthropic activities revolve around these.” She is a board member of Opportunity International, a leading international microfinance institution that makes loans primarily to women, and traveled to Uganda in each of the last two summers for them with her 16 year old nephew, as well as to Nicaragua.
She is on the Investment Committee of her alma mater Smith College, and is a member of the Dean’s Visiting Committee at Harvard Business School, where she recently endowed a Fellowship for Women Entrepreneurs.
Farrington also loves sports with her favorites being running and yoga at least three times a week, as well as skiing, which she has done all her life. But most important of all to her is her family. She asked, “What would life be without the love of those close to you?”
Share this:TweetPrint







About Post Author


Contentteam



















Latest OpinionsVoice of Experience: Saralyn Cohen, Pro Bono Counsel and Global Director, Shearman & SterlingIs It Possible to Be an Entrepreneur within a Corporate Structure?Why Are Women Underrepresented in These Key Job Markets?Voice of Experience: Hilary Rapkin, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, WEXTo work with M&A: Young Women Lawyers May Be Missing Out
Our Upcoming Events





Oct
18
Wed
2017





												all-day
											

											Theglasshammer.com 7th Annual Wo...
																							@ New York City




Theglasshammer.com 7th Annual Wo...
@ New York City


					Oct 18 all-day




Join us for an exciting evening with an interactive panel of senior women who are equipped to answer questions around career navigation, network building, innovation and leadership for the 7th year running. Image via Shutterstock... Read More







					View Calendar
					





							Add
						






				Add to Timely Calendar
			




				Add to Google
			




				Add to Outlook
			




				Add to Apple Calendar
			




				Add to other calendar
			




				Export to XML
			





 








 






 






































Deborah A Farrington - Manchester, NH | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Deborah A Farrington in Manchester, NH


Deborah A Farrington

                                                                                       Intelius found that Deborah A Farrington  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Manchester, NH.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Debbie  Farrington
Deb A Farrington
Deborah A Linke


Get Report Now

Age

Deborah A Farrington is in her 50s

Deborah Has Lived In

Manchester, NH
Auburn, NH
Chagrin Falls, OH

Deborah's Relatives

Gerald Farrington
Jane Farrington
Thomas Farrington
David Kenyon







Deborah A Farrington



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderFemale



Professional Status
American Orff-schulwerk Association



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Deborah? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Deborah, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Deborah A Farrington
Get a Criminal Check on Deborah A Farrington
Get a Public Record Report on Deborah A Farrington
Get a People Search Report on Deborah A Farrington


Deborah A Farrington's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Deborah A Farrington has lived as well as Deborah A Farrington's phone numbers and email addresses.




Deborah A Farrington Has Lived in 2 States
New Hampshire Address for Deborah A Farrington


63 B****** D* 

Manchester, NH


Has Lived In

Manchester, NH
Auburn, NH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Deborah A Farrington

(603) ***-**** - Manchester, NH 
(603) ***-**** - Exeter, NH 
(603) ***-**** - Chester, NH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Deborah A Farrington



Get Email Report




Deborah A Farrington's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Deborah A Farrington's academic history.  Find out which schools Deborah A Farrington attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Deborah A Farrington received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Deborah A Farrington Has Attended 2 Schools
Bowling Green State University Deborah A Farrington has a Bs in Music               
Senhca High School               1979 – 1983                              


Deborah A Farrington's Professional Information
Information regarding Deborah A Farrington's professional history.  Find out previous places Deborah A Farrington has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Deborah A Farrington Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: American Orff-schulwerk Association
               
Company: Inland Counties Chapter
               
Deborah A Farrington's Experience
Title: 
               Company: American Orff-schulwerk Association
Job Details
               The American Orff-Schulwerk Association is a professional organization of educators dedicated to the creative music and movement approach developed by Carl Orff and Gunild Keetman.
Title: 
               Company: Inland Counties Chapter
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Deborah A Farrington

 See Deborah A Farrington's LinkedIn Profile



Deborah A Farrington's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Deborah A Farrington


Deborah A Farrington's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Deborah A Farrington's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Deborah Farrington
Username Matches

                  DeborahFarrington
                  FarringtonDeborah
                  Deborah.Farrington
                  Farrington.Deborah
                  Deborah_Farrington
                  Farrington_Deborah
                  Deborah-Farrington
                  Farrington-Deborah
                  DFarrington
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Farrington







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











