

	CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA Trademark of Fasano, Philip. Serial Number: 78420498 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA










 
Get FREE email alerts













CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA  Trademark Information
 Fasano, Philip
Outsourcing - Services provided as part of outsourcing of clients technology capabilities




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
outsourcing      services   provided   outsourcing   clients   technology   capabilities    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark by Fasano, Philip 
                                in Great Falls, , 22066.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Fasano, Philip of the CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, May 18, 2004,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA by 
                        Fasano, Philip, Great Falls 22066.
                        The USPTO has given the CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA 
                        trademark serial  number of  78420498.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA is 
                        
                        
                                            FASANO, PHILIP of 
                                            816 LEIGH MILL RD,  GREAT FALLS VA 22066-2624,  
                                .
                            The CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA 
                            is Outsourcing - Services provided as part of outsourcing of clients technology capabilities. 
                            





Word mark:
 CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

7/28/2005






  Serial Number:  
78420498


  Filing Date:  
5/18/2004


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Outsourcing - Services provided as part of outsourcing of clients technology capabilities


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of Flag - red,white, blue, title white & red on blue background.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Fasano, PhilipGreat Falls 22066
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    American flags in any form (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Flags, banners) see more design...


                                                    Two rectangles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...


                                                    Rectangles that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Rectangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


FASANO, PHILIP
816 LEIGH MILL RD
GREAT FALLS VA 22066-2624







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/28/2005
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



FASANO, PHILIP


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search capitalsourcinggroup on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ON... 




CAPITAL SOURCING GROUP - ONLY IN AMERICA is providing Outsourcing - Services provided as part of outsourcing of clients technology capabilities.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



AIG Names Philip Fasano Chief Information Officer | Business Wire
























































AIG Names Philip Fasano Chief Information Officer






September 15, 2014 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) announced today that it 
      has named Philip Fasano to the newly created role of Executive Vice 
      President and Chief Information Officer. Mr. Fasano, who will join AIG 
      in October, will report to AIG President and Chief Executive Officer, 
      Peter D. Hancock.
    


      Mr. Fasano joins AIG from Kaiser Permanente, where he was Executive Vice 
      President and Chief Information Officer. He has extensive experience, is 
      a proven leader in the information technology field, and has served as 
      Chief Information Officer at several high-profile financial services 
      firms over the course of his 30-year career.
    

      At AIG, Mr. Fasano will be responsible for oversight of the company’s 
      global information technology, including reviewing and updating 
      technology systems and platforms, along with data management and 
      security.
    

      “I am delighted to welcome Phil to AIG,” said Peter D. Hancock, 
      President and Chief Executive Officer, AIG. “Phil is a leader in the 
      field of information technology and has an extensive track record of 
      improving systems and data management while creating innovative 
      solutions to complex issues at global companies. I am confident Phil’s 
      leadership and knowledge will help us achieve our vision of providing a 
      truly seamless technology experience to our customers, distribution 
      partners, and employees.”
    

      Prior to working for Kaiser Permanente, Mr. Fasano founded Capital 
      Sourcing Group in 2005, a company focused on providing strategic advice, 
      and consulting services to the Fortune 500 and the Department of 
      Homeland Security. In addition, Mr. Fasano has served in IT leadership 
      roles at Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, Deutsche Financial 
      Services, Bankers Trust, among other companies.
    

      Mr. Fasano earned an MBA from Long Island University in New York, and a 
      Bachelor of Science from the New York Institute of Technology. He is the 
      author of “Transforming Health Care: The Financial Impact of Technology, 
      Electronic Tools and Data Mining.”
    

      American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international 
      insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries and 
      jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and 
      individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide 
      property-casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies 
      are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the 
      United States. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
      and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
    

      Additional information about AIG can be found at www.aig.com 
      | YouTube: www.youtube.com/aig 
      |Twitter: @AIGInsurance 
      | LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/aig 
      |
    

      AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide property-casualty, life and 
      retirement, and general insurance operations of American International 
      Group, Inc. For additional information, please visit our website at www.aig.com. 
      All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or 
      affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services 
      may not be available in all jurisdictions, and coverage is subject to 
      actual policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be 
      provided by independent third parties. Certain property-casualty 
      coverages may be provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines 
      insurers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds, and 
      insureds are therefore not protected by such funds.
    


Contacts

      Liz Werner (Investors): 212-770-7074; elizabeth.werner@aig.comJon 
      Diat (Media): 212-770-3505; jon.diat@aig.com


















Contacts

      Liz Werner (Investors): 212-770-7074; elizabeth.werner@aig.comJon 
      Diat (Media): 212-770-3505; jon.diat@aig.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano,  - FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, Social


















Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano,  - FOX 8 WVUE New Orleans News, Weather, Sports, SocialMember Center:Create Account|Log InManage Account|Log Out

SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY 



HomeLIVE STREAMLinksFirst Alert Traffic MapTop VideoContestsCracking the Code - Heathcare ToolScalise Coverage Everyday Heroes: Tell us your storyChef John Folse's CookbookBounce TV NOLANewsCracking the Code - Heathcare ToolScalise Coverage Louisiana Budget CrisisCoast in CrisisHeart of LouisianaLocal NewsMonument Removal ControversyNationalInternationalGun violence & mass shootingsTerrorism around the worldLIVE STREAMMorning NewsJohn SnellFOX 8 AppsFirst Alert Traffic MapRecallsNews TeamWeatherHurricane CenterStorm Recovery GuideLouisiana Weather NetworkFOX 8 Tower CameraWeather Team on FacebookMobile AppsSportsSaintsFOX 8 Sports BlogsNews from the NFLSEC CoverageJim HendersonPelicansFOX 8 Football FridayLSUBIGFISHTulaneMore SportsVideoWe InvestigateHOOKED UP - A Lee Zurik InvestigationFOX 8 DefendersLouisiana PurchasedEasy Money web sectionMobile AppsNOLA WeekendLIFESTYLEMainEntertainmentMoneyHome/FamilyHealthFoodPetsTechTravelBeauty & StyleAutoVideoBytesPress ReleasesContestsAbout UsTV ListingsContact UsNews TeamSales & AdvertisingFOX 8 ProductionsJobs at FOX 8EEO ReportCrescent City StudiosInternship InformationMobile Apps










Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, Joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board
2017-07-05T11:22:42Z




Virtual Rehab further strengthens its Advisory Board team with the addition of top C-Level healthcare industry executive.Fresh Meadows, NY,  July 05, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Virtual Rehab, the leader in reducing the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates through the use of Virtual and Augmented Reality correctional and rehabilitation programs, has announced today the addition of Mr. Philip Fasano to its Advisory Board.Mr. Fasano is an award-winning chief information officer with 30+ years experience in technology, healthcare, and financial services industries. He has created IT strategies, products, investments, and security methods that have developed into industry standards."We are beyond thrilled by the joining of Mr. Phil Fasano," said Dr. Raji Wahidy, Founder and CEO of Virtual Rehab. "Mr. Fasano is a great value-add to the Virtual Rehab team. His experience, knowledge, and expertise will further steer our organization in the right direction. Moreover, Mr. Fasano's support of our mission is a further validation of our ongoing efforts to revolutionize this industry."During his professional career, Mr. Fasano has served as CIO for AIG, Kaiser Permanente, Capital One, J.P. Morgan Chase, American Financial Group, and Deutsche Financial Services. He is also the founder of Capital Sourcing Group where he provided strategic consulting services to the Department of Homeland Security and Fortune 500 CEO’s, focusing on emerging technology, cybersecurity, and financial oversight.Mr. Fasano has received numerous accolades for his forward-thinking and innovation, including the ACORD Case Study Award, CIO 100 Award, HIMSS Analytics Stage 7 Award & Davies Award, and the Uptime Institute’s Continuous Availability Award. He has also received recognition from Computerworld for leading Kaiser Permanente to serve as one of the "Top 12 Green-IT Organizations" and one of the "100 Best Places to Work in IT.""I am very honored to be part of an activity and a capability that will positively impact many people's lives," said Mr. Philip Fasano. "Virtual Rehab's innovative solution will be making a real difference by leveraging technology which has already proven its efficacy in the medical and the educational industries."About Virtual RehabHeadquartered in Fresh Meadows, New York, Virtual Rehab leverages the advancements in Virtual and Augmented Reality technology to reduce the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates worldwide. Virtual Rehab’s services include Formal Education, Vocational Job Training, Psychological Rehabilitation, and Correctional Services Rehabilitation. Virtual Rehab believes that putting a kid in the corner does not teach them how to be a better person but rather teaches them not to get caught. Virtual Rehab is in it for the social good and for helping the most vulnerable populations. Virtual Rehab also operates out of New York and San Francisco.Contact Information:Virtual RehabDr. Raji Wahidy+1-925-989-6194Contact via Emailhttp://www.virtualrehab.coRead the full story here: http://www.pr.com/press-release/722062Press Release Distributed by PR.comInformation contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.com
























Can't Find Something? 




1025 S. Jefferson Davis Pkwy.New Orleans, LA 70125
(504) 486-6161


FCC Public File
publicfile@fox8live.com
(504) 486-6161
EEO Report
Closed Captioning










Texas News Now






				All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
        	









Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, Joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board - PR.com





























Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release

Join Now     Sign In







 






Businesses


Articles


Press Releases






 












Business Directory
Products & Services
Jobs





Recent Press Releases
Press Release Pricing
Submit Press Release





Businesses
Products & Services
Products
Services
Press Releases
Jobs








Press Release Pricing
|
News by Category
|
News by Country
|
News by US Region
|
Recent News
|
PR.com News on Your Site







 
Press Releases 


Virtual Rehab



Press Release





Share






    
Blog












Receive press releases from Virtual Rehab: By Email

PDF Version

 RSS Feeds:









Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, Joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board
Virtual Rehab further strengthens its Advisory Board team with the addition of top C-Level healthcare industry executive.  Fresh Meadows, NY,  July 05, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Virtual Rehab, the leader in reducing the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates through the use of Virtual and Augmented Reality correctional and rehabilitation programs, has announced today the addition of Mr. Philip Fasano to its Advisory Board.Mr. Fasano is an award-winning chief information officer with 30+ years experience in technology, healthcare, and financial services industries. He has created IT strategies, products, investments, and security methods that have developed into industry standards."We are beyond thrilled by the joining of Mr. Phil Fasano," said Dr. Raji Wahidy, Founder and CEO of Virtual Rehab. "Mr. Fasano is a great value-add to the Virtual Rehab team. His experience, knowledge, and expertise will further steer our organization in the right direction. Moreover, Mr. Fasano's support of our mission is a further validation of our ongoing efforts to revolutionize this industry."During his professional career, Mr. Fasano has served as CIO for AIG, Kaiser Permanente, Capital One, J.P. Morgan Chase, American Financial Group, and Deutsche Financial Services. He is also the founder of Capital Sourcing Group where he provided strategic consulting services to the Department of Homeland Security and Fortune 500 CEO’s, focusing on emerging technology, cybersecurity, and financial oversight.Mr. Fasano has received numerous accolades for his forward-thinking and innovation, including the ACORD Case Study Award, CIO 100 Award, HIMSS Analytics Stage 7 Award & Davies Award, and the Uptime Institute’s Continuous Availability Award. He has also received recognition from Computerworld for leading Kaiser Permanente to serve as one of the "Top 12 Green-IT Organizations" and one of the "100 Best Places to Work in IT.""I am very honored to be part of an activity and a capability that will positively impact many people's lives," said Mr. Philip Fasano. "Virtual Rehab's innovative solution will be making a real difference by leveraging technology which has already proven its efficacy in the medical and the educational industries."About Virtual RehabHeadquartered in Fresh Meadows, New York, Virtual Rehab leverages the advancements in Virtual and Augmented Reality technology to reduce the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates worldwide. Virtual Rehab’s services include Formal Education, Vocational Job Training, Psychological Rehabilitation, and Correctional Services Rehabilitation. Virtual Rehab believes that putting a kid in the corner does not teach them how to be a better person but rather teaches them not to get caught. Virtual Rehab is in it for the social good and for helping the most vulnerable populations. Virtual Rehab also operates out of New York and San Francisco.






Contact Information
Virtual RehabDr. Raji Wahidy+1-925-989-6194Contacthttp://www.virtualrehab.co

Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Virtual Rehab









Promote Your Business
Affiliate Program
Link To Us
 
Email this page to a friend





PR.com
Contact Us
About Us
Terms of Use
Help







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












        AIG Chief Information Officer Philip Fasano to Depart - CIO Journal. - WSJ
    



















































































































DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY








News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.

DOW JONES

Barron's
BigCharts
DJX
Dow Jones Newswires
Factiva
Financial News
Mansion Global
MarketWatch


Newsmart
NewsPlus
Private Markets
Risk & Compliance
WSJ.com
WSJ Pro
WSJ Conference
WSJ Video



NEWS CORP

Big Decisions
Business Spectator
Checkout51
Harper Collins
New York Post
PropTiger
REA


realtor.com
Storyful
The Australian
The Sun
The Times













DJIA
▲

21793.35
-0.01%



 


S&P 500
▲

2469.25
-0.25%



 


Nasdaq
▲

6373.75
-0.13%



 


U.S. 10 Yr
▲

4/32 yield
2.297%



 


Crude Oil
▲

49.69
1.33%



 


Euro
▲

1.1747
0.61%



 











Subscribe Now
Sign In





The Wall Street Journal




Sections



                    My Journal
                    
                  





Home


World


U.S.


Politics


Economy


Business


Tech


Markets


Opinion


Arts


Life


Real Estate


Today's Paper


SHOW ALL SECTIONS
HIDE ALL SECTIONS




World Home


Africa
Asia
Canada
China
Europe
Latin America
Middle East


Economy


World Video




U.S. Home


Economy
Law
New York
Politics


Real Time Economics
Washington Wire


Journal Report
U.S. Video
What's News Podcast




Politics Home


Washington Wire


Politics Video
WSJ/NBC News Poll




Economy Home


Real Time Economics


Economic Forecasting Survey
Economy Video




Business Home


Management
Tech/WSJ.D


Aerospace & Defense
Autos & Transportation
Commercial Real Estate
Consumer Products
Energy
Entrepreneurship
Financial Services
Food & Services
Health Care
Hospitality
Law
Manufacturing
Media & Marketing
Natural Resources
Retail


CFO Journal
CIO Journal
CMO Today
Logistics Report
Risk & Compliance


Heard on the Street


Business Video
Journal Report
Business Podcast




Tech Home


CIO Journal


Geoffrey Fowler
Christopher Mims
Joanna Stern
Li Yuan


Billion Dollar Startup Club
Tech Video
Tech Podcast
Startup Stock Trader




Markets Home


Bonds
Commercial Real Estate
Commodities & Futures
Currencies
Deals
Financial Services
Funds
Stocks
Your Money


Heard on the Street
MoneyBeat
Wealth Adviser
Ahead of the Tape


CFO Journal
Journal Report
Market Data
Markets Video
Markets Podcast
MoneyBeat Podcast
Watching Your Wealth Podcast




Opinion Home


James Freeman
William A. Galston
Daniel Henninger
Holman W. Jenkins
William McGurn
Peggy Noonan
Mary Anastasia O'Grady
Jason Riley
Kimberley A. Strassel


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series
Music
Dance
Opera
Exhibition
Cultural Commentary


Editorials
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
The Weekend Interview
Potomac Watch Podcast
Foreign Edition Podcast
Opinion Video
Notable & Quotable
Best of the Web Newsletter
Morning Editorial Report Newsletter




Arts Home


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series


Arts Video
WSJ. Magazine




Life Home


Careers
Cars
Food & Drink
Health
Ideas
Real Estate
Science
Sports
Style & Fashion
Travel


Life Video
WSJ. Magazine
WSJ Puzzles
The Future of Everything




Real Estate Home


Commercial Real Estate
House of the Day
Mansion


Real Estate Video





HIDE ALL SECTIONS





Aim higher, reach further.

                Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks.
                Subscribe Now


Sign In


Reveal Navigation Options



Subscribe
Sign In





















                                Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                              











                                Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                              











                                An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                              











                                China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                              











                                Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                              











                                Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                              











                                Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                              











                                Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                              











                                Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                              











                                United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                              











                                Procter & Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                              











                                LinkedIn Case Tests Whether Firms Can Use Your Data
                              











                                Samsung Is Closing In on Apple as World’s Most Profitable Tech Firm
                              











                                ‘Unlimited’ Boosts Verizon Subscribers
                              











                                AstraZeneca Shares Dive After Major Setback Over Cancer Drugs
                              











                                UPS Expects Retailers to Pay Up for Christmas Deliveries
                              











                                Air France Says Delta, China Eastern Each Acquiring 10% of Its Shares
                              











                                Bud Light Turnaround Falling Flat; U.S. Market Is Tough for AB InBev
                              











                                Toyota’s Cure for EV Range Anxiety: A Better Battery
                              











                                Toshiba Bankruptcy Filing Pushed by Some Involved in Workout
                              











                                Starbucks Brews Stronger U.S. Sales Growth
                              











                                Era of Jumbo Jet Nears End as Airbus Slashes A380 Production
                              











                                Diageo Earnings Gain on Higher Prices, Wider Profit Margins
                              











                                Twitter’s Election-Fueled Growth Fizzles
                              











                                The Wireless Horse Race
                              











                                Anglo American’s Profit Surge Bodes Well for Miners
                              











                                House Panel Clears Self-Driving-Car Bill
                              











                                Court Rules Against Politician Who Banned Access to Her Facebook Page
                              











                                New York Times Sees Jump in Digital Advertising Revenue
                              











                                Halliburton to Settle SEC Allegations Over Angola Payments
                              











                                Germany Recalls Porsche Models It Says Have Defeat Devices
                              













































 

                        Small
                      


 

                        Medium
                      


 

                        Large
                      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ
















Next Story >



CIO Journal.




AIG Chief Information Officer Philip Fasano to Depart






By

Steven Norton and Joann S. Lublin



                    Mar 6, 2017 2:41 pm  ET
                  


Philip Fasano, chief information officer at American International Group Inc., is departing by mutual agreement with the company to pursue outside opportunities, according to a memo to employees from Chief Executive Peter Hancock. AIG named Chief Auditor Martha Gallo as Mr. Fasano’s replacement, effective immediately. The company said it plans to name a new chief […]



                      To Read the Full Story
                    


                        Subscribe
                      

                        Sign In
                      











Previous
Coca-Cola Set to Expand Tech Incubator, Bring in Corporate Partners



Next
The Morning Download: One VC Says Cloud Computing May Soon Dissipate 

 
















Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many 








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers 








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old! 








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef 


















Content from our sponsor
Deloitte
CIO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte


Illuminate Insights With Dark Analytics
Few organizations have been able to explore nontraditional data sources such as image, audio, and video files; information generated by the internet of things; and the enormous troves of raw data found in the unexplored recesses of the deep web. Recent advances in computer vision, pattern recognition, and cognitive analytics make it possible for companies to shine a light on these untapped sources and derive more useful insights.


Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above.
More from Deloitte →









              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many 








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers 








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old! 








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef 


















        
        
        
        
        
           
             
               
             
           
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
        
          
            
            
              
            
            
              Save Article
              Sign In to Save
              Subscribe to WSJ
            
          
        
           
             
               
             
           
           
             
               
             
           
        
        
        
        
          
          
            
              
            
            
              Text Size
          
              
              
                          

                Small
              
          
              
              
                          

                Medium
              
          
              
              
                          

                Large
              
            
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Print
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Facebook
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Twitter
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    WhatsApp
                  
                
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    SMS
                  
                
          
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Copy Link
                  
                
          
              
          
              
                
              
          
            
          
          
          
        
        


































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, 





















Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY 


Print

Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, Joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board
Posted: 

Wednesday, July 5, 2017 7:22 AM EDT





Virtual Rehab further strengthens its Advisory Board team with the addition of top C-Level healthcare industry executive.Fresh Meadows, NY,  July 05, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Virtual Rehab, the leader in reducing the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates through the use of Virtual and Augmented Reality correctional and rehabilitation programs, has announced today the addition of Mr. Philip Fasano to its Advisory Board.Mr. Fasano is an award-winning chief information officer with 30+ years experience in technology, healthcare, and financial services industries. He has created IT strategies, products, investments, and security methods that have developed into industry standards."We are beyond thrilled by the joining of Mr. Phil Fasano," said Dr. Raji Wahidy, Founder and CEO of Virtual Rehab. "Mr. Fasano is a great value-add to the Virtual Rehab team. His experience, knowledge, and expertise will further steer our organization in the right direction. Moreover, Mr. Fasano's support of our mission is a further validation of our ongoing efforts to revolutionize this industry."During his professional career, Mr. Fasano has served as CIO for AIG, Kaiser Permanente, Capital One, J.P. Morgan Chase, American Financial Group, and Deutsche Financial Services. He is also the founder of Capital Sourcing Group where he provided strategic consulting services to the Department of Homeland Security and Fortune 500 CEO’s, focusing on emerging technology, cybersecurity, and financial oversight.Mr. Fasano has received numerous accolades for his forward-thinking and innovation, including the ACORD Case Study Award, CIO 100 Award, HIMSS Analytics Stage 7 Award & Davies Award, and the Uptime Institute’s Continuous Availability Award. He has also received recognition from Computerworld for leading Kaiser Permanente to serve as one of the "Top 12 Green-IT Organizations" and one of the "100 Best Places to Work in IT.""I am very honored to be part of an activity and a capability that will positively impact many people's lives," said Mr. Philip Fasano. "Virtual Rehab's innovative solution will be making a real difference by leveraging technology which has already proven its efficacy in the medical and the educational industries."About Virtual RehabHeadquartered in Fresh Meadows, New York, Virtual Rehab leverages the advancements in Virtual and Augmented Reality technology to reduce the number of repeated offenses and relapse rates worldwide. Virtual Rehab’s services include Formal Education, Vocational Job Training, Psychological Rehabilitation, and Correctional Services Rehabilitation. Virtual Rehab believes that putting a kid in the corner does not teach them how to be a better person but rather teaches them not to get caught. Virtual Rehab is in it for the social good and for helping the most vulnerable populations. Virtual Rehab also operates out of New York and San Francisco.Contact Information:Virtual RehabDr. Raji Wahidy+1-925-989-6194Contact via Emailhttp://www.virtualrehab.coRead the full story here: http://www.pr.com/press-release/722062Press Release Distributed by PR.comInformation contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.com
























About
Contact Us
Careers
Press
Affiliates
Advertisers
Programming
Syndication
Magazine
Newsletter,
Store














All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly and RFDTV. All Rights Reserved.For more information on this site, please read our ,> and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.








Philip Fasano joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board | Virtual Rehab































































































Skip to content


















 









 

Philip Fasano joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board

Posted on June 29, 2017 Virtual RehabPosted in Advisory Board Announcement 


Virtual Rehab is pleased to announce the joining of Mr. Philip Fasano as a member of the Advisory Board.
Mr. Fasano is an award-winning chief information officer with 30+ years’ experience in the technology, healthcare, and financial services industries.  He has created IT strategies, products, investments, and security methods that have developed into industry standards.
During his professional career, Mr. Fasano has served as CIO for AIG (2014-2017), Kaiser Permanente (2007-2014), Capital One (2003-2004), J.P. Morgan Chase (2001-2003), American Financial Group (1999-2001), and Deutsche Financial Services (1996-1999).  He is also the founder of Capital Sourcing Group where he provided strategic consulting services to the Department of Homeland Security and Fortune 500 CEO’s, focusing on emerging technology, cybersecurity, and financial oversight.
He has received numerous accolades for his forward-thinking and innovation, including the ACORD Case Study Award, CIO 100 Award, HIMSS Analytics Stage 7 Award & Davies Award, and the Uptime Institute’s Continuous Availability Award.  He has also received recognition from Computerworld for leading Kaiser Permanente to serve as one of the “Top 12 Green-IT Organizations” and one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT”.
Virtual Rehab looks forward to working closely with Mr. Fasano.
Share This: 





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 







Search for:



 Tweets by ViRehab 
  Recent Posts 

Stati Uniti. La riabilitazione dei detenuti diventa virtuale


Virtual Rehab releases new Substance Abuse Video Trailer


Award-Winning Healthcare Industry Executive, Mr. Philip Fasano, Joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board


Philip Fasano joins Virtual Rehab Advisory Board


Numérique et prisons : vers la réhabilitation en réalité virtuelle ?


 Archives 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016

Follow Us







Translate »











