










 


    Jessica Feather-Bowman | Air Products and Chemicals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



Feather-Bowman Jessica D - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading Screener - OpenInsider











OpenInsider

Latest

Latest Cluster Buys
Latest Insider Trading (all filings)
Latest Insider Purchases
Latest Insider Purchases $25k+
Latest Officer Purchases $25k+
Latest CEO/CFO Purchases $25k+
Latest Insider Sales
Latest Insider Sales $100k+
Latest Officer Sales $100k+
Latest CEO/CFO Sales $100k+


Top

Top Officer Purchases Today
Top Officer Purchases Past Week
Top Officer Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Purchases Today
Top Insider Purchases Past Week
Top Insider Purchases Past Month
Top Insider Sales Today
Top Insider Sales Past Week
Top Insider Sales Past Month


By Symbol

Officer Purchases $25k+ Today
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Week
Officer Purchases $25k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month
Officer Sales $100k+ Today (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $200k+ Past Week (no opt-ex)
Officer Sales $500k+ Past Month (no opt-ex)
Insider Purchases of Penny Stocks, Past Month
Insider Sales of Penny Stocks, Past Month


Charts

Contact











Feather-Bowman Jessica D - SEC Form 4 Insider Trading ScreenerCIK: 1685970 - Address: Versum Materials, Inc., 7201 Hamilton Boulevard, Allentown, PA 18195 




General

Tickers
Insider
Sh Price $



Lqdty M$






Date

Filing Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  



Trade Date

All dates
Custom
Latest day
Last 3 days
Last 1 week
Last 2 weeks
Last 1 month
Last 2 months
Last 3 months
Last 6 months
Last 1 year
Last 2 years
Last 4 years



  


Filing Delay



N Days Ago








Transaction Filing

 P - Purchase S - Sale A - Grant D - Sale to Iss G - Gift F - Tax M - Option Ex X - Option Ex C - Cnv Deriv W - Inherited

 No deriv


 Multiple Days

Traded K$



Own Chg %








Industry




All Sectors (except Funds)
Agriculture, Forestry, Fish
Mining
Construction
Manufacturing
Transportation & Utilities
Wholesale Trade
Retail Trade
Financial
Services
Closed-End Funds


























Insider Title

  Officer
    COB
    CEO
    Pres
    COO
    CFO
    GC
    VP
  Director
  10% Own
  Other






Group by


Filing
Company





Company Totals

Num Filings



Num Insiders



Num Officers



Traded K$



Own Chg %







Sort by

Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker Symbol
Trade Value


Max Results
Page


clear


Real-time CSV, Options, Alerts








1 results -  -  -  -  -  -  - TCcnt1d1w1m6mP1+1+4+4+0 


X
Filing Date
Trade Date
Ticker
Insider NameInsider Title
Trade Type 
Share Price
Shares Traded
Shares Owned
Own chg
Value Traded
1d ret
1w ret
1m ret
6m ret



2016-12-08 08:23:072016-12-07 VSMFeather-Bowman Jessica DController, PAOP - Purchase$26.70+2,0008,420+31%+$53,400+1+4+4
Real-time CSV? Options? Alerts? Contact us!



AAmended filing
DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
EError detected in filing
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price


S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another personS - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the companyP - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person 

Return to top
Copyright © 2017 openinsider.com. All rights reserved.
















Insider trading history of Feather-bowman Jessica D    at Versum Materials, Inc. 



















Insider Monitor



Realtime

Insider Buys 

Insider buys today     
Insider buys 1 day ago
Insider buys 2 days ago
Insider buys 3 days ago
Insider buys 4 days ago
Insider buys 5 days ago
Insider buys 6 days ago
Insider buys 7 days ago
Insider buys 8 days ago
Insider buys 9 days ago
Insider buys 10 days ago



Insider Sales 

Insider sales today       
Insider sales 1 day ago
Insider sales 2 days ago
Insider sales 3 days ago
Insider sales 4 days ago
Insider sales 5 days ago
Insider sales 6 days ago
Insider sales 7 days ago



Top 10 

Top 10 insider buys of the week
Top 10 officer buys of the week
Top 10 insider buys of the month
Top 10 officer buys of the month
Top 10 insider sales of the week
Top 10 insider sales of the month









               
		







 Insider Stock Trading History of Feather-bowman Jessica D  








The following table details the trading activities 
(stock purchases, stock sales, and stock option exercises) 
reported to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
by insider Feather-bowman Jessica D  since year 2005. 
The trader's CIK number is 1685970.
At the time of this reporting, Feather-bowman Jessica D  is the Controller and PAO of Versum Materials, Inc. . 
(stock ticker symbol VSM).
See this page for all insider trading activities at Versum Materials, Inc. . 





Stock purchases, sales, and option exercises reported by insider Feather-bowman Jessica D  since 2005.
  

   Trade Date   
 Symbol 
 Company Name (Issuer) 
 Trade Type 
     Shares   
     Price ($)
   Value ($) 

 2016-12-07  VSM  Versum Materials, Inc.   Buy  2,000  26.70  53,400 


Insider trading activities including stock purchases, stock sales, and option exercises
listed in the above table cannot be completely guaranteed as to their accuracy.
For more  information regarding the trades made by Feather-bowman Jessica D  
(Controller and PAO of Versum Materials, Inc.  at the time of this reporting) see 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  website.


















 



















Newest Insider Buys 
Insider Trading Resources 
Archive  
Privacy  
Contact  
2016,2017 Market Holidays 
Market Hours 






Tweet



 ©2017, insider-monitor.com. All rights reserved. 
 















Jessica D  Feather-Bowman - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Jessica D  Feather-Bowman
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Jessica D  Feather-Bowman. Find out Jessica D  Feather-Bowman address and contact details. View other people related to Jessica D  Feather-Bowman - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

VERSUM MATERIALS, INC. 7201 HAMILTON BOULEVARD ALLENTOWN 18195 PA




Companies related to Jessica D  Feather-Bowman
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001660690Versum Materials, Inc.Controller and PAO 8555 SOUTH RIVER PARKWAY  TEMPE 85284




Jessica D  Feather-Bowman on the Web
Persons related to Jessica D  Feather-Bowman - Versum Materials, Inc.NamePositionCityAIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC /DE/10% Owner ALLENTOWNGeorge G  BittoSVP and CFO ALLENTOWNJACQUES M  CROISETIEREDirector Jessica D  Feather-BowmanController and PAO ALLENTOWNSeifi  GhasemiDirector PRINCETONJeffrey S  HandelmanVP, Process Materials ALLENTOWNJohn G  LanganChief Technology Officer ALLENTOWNPatrick F  LoughlinSVP, Ops and Supply Chain ALLENTOWNGUILLERMO  NOVOPresident and CEO PHILADELPHIAYI HYON  PAIKDirector PHILADELPHIAThomas  RiordanDirector PRINCETONSUSAN C  SCHNABELDirector NEW YORKEdward C  ShoberVP, Materials ALLENTOWNMichael W  ValenteSVP, Law and HR, GC, Secretary ALLENTOWNJohn Jeffrey  WhiteVP, Delivery Sys and Services ALLENTOWNAlejandro Daniel  WolffDirector PRINCETON












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












FEATHER-BOWMAN JESSICA D Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FEATHER-BOWMAN JESSICA D
                    

•   ALLENTOWN, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Feather-bowman Jessica D is based out of Allentown.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FEATHER-BOWMAN JESSICA D, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




feather-bowman jessica d


7201 HAMILTON BOULEVARD

ALLENTOWN
PA
                                                        
                                                    18195









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 04/21/2017
4 filed on 12/08/2016
4 filed on 12/01/2016
4 filed on 11/03/2016
3/A filed on 10/17/2016
4 filed on 10/05/2016
3 filed on 10/05/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























FEATHER-BOWMAN JESSICA D Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of FEATHER-BOWMAN JESSICA D





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



VERSUM MATERIALS, INC.
Officer
04/19/2017
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
11
0
8,375


VERSUM MATERIALS, INC.
Officer
12/07/2016
Form 4
Buy
direct
2,000
26.7
8,364


VERSUM MATERIALS, INC.
Officer
11/01/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
direct
6,364
0
6,364















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2912
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1328
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    588
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    475
                    ratings
Rate It


NFLX

69% bullish
                    of
                    324
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



































