










 













 













 













 


  Federated MDT Balanced Fund (A): Overview                                        Website Sign In     Customer Service   My Investments   Careers   Literature and Forms     search             Home     Products▼      Mutual Funds     Managed Accounts     Institutional Separate Accounts     Non-U.S. Products     Closed-End Funds     Collective Investment Funds     Variable Annuity Funds     Private Funds          Market Views▼      Videos     Equity     Fixed Income     Cash Management     International     Federated Perspectives     Infographics          Retirement▼      Investments     Platforms     Fiduciary Support     Retirement Resources     Insurance     Recent Advisor Communications     Sales Team          Resources▼      Investing Education     Calculators     Fiduciary Luminary     Morningstar Hypothetical Tool     Advisor Resources      Asset Allocation & Market Calls      Webcasts & Conference Calls           About Federated▼      Press Releases     Investor Relations     Media Appearances     Our History     SEC Filings                                Federated MDT Balanced Fund (A)  QABGX            Share Classes Product Type Asset Class Category     A   C   IS   R6     Mutual Fund     Multi-Asset     Asset Allocation        Overview PortfolioCharacteristics Performance Hypothetical Commentary Literature and Prospectuses Distributions  and Tax Info        As of 06-30-2017    Highlights     Pursues the possibility of long-term growth of capital and income. Provides a broad, one-decision approach to stock and bond investing. Allocates assets across a broad range of equity and fixed-income asset classes — including real estate investment trusts, U.S. stocks and bonds and international stocks and bonds. Selects stocks through a bottom-up, fundamentally based, quantitatively driven process. Selects bonds through top-down analysis; sector allocation is driven by outlook, pricing, risk exposure, credit, interest rate, yield curve positioning and volatility.     Key Investment Team     John Sherman, CFA       Daniel Mahr, CFA       Frederick Konopka, CFA       Brian Greenberg       John Paul Lewicke       Chengjun (Chris) Wu, CFA          Facts          Symbol    QABGX    Fund Number(s)    285    Newspaper Listing    MDTBalA    CUSIP    31421R841    Benchmark    60% S&P 500/40% Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index    Performance Inception Date    10-01-2002    Fiscal Year-End    7-31       Morningstar Category & Style  disclosures »         Category  Allocation--50% to 70% Equity    Style             Related Information     MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company                                                        Mutual funds are subject to risks and fluctuate in value.   The fund’s R Shares, now re-designated as R6 shares, commenced operations on December 12, 2006. For the period prior to the commencement of operations of the R6 Shares, the performance information shown is for the fund’s Institutional Shares, adjusted to reflect the expenses of the R6 Shares. See the prospectus for other fees and expenses that apply to a continued investment in the fund.   The fund is the successor to the MDT Balanced Fund pursuant to a reorganization that took place on December 8, 2006. Prior to that date, the fund had no investment operations. Accordingly, the performance information shown for periods prior to that date is that of the MDT Balanced Fund.   Bond prices are sensitive to changes in interest rates, and a rise in interest rates can cause a decline in their prices.   High-yield, lower-rated securities generally entail greater market, credit/default and liquidity risks and may be more volatile than investment-grade securities.   The quantitative models and analysis used by the fund may perform differently than expected and negatively affect fund performance.   Past performance is no guarantee of future results.   These pages include general information and have not been tailored for any specific recipient or recipients. Accordingly, these pages are not intended to cause Federated or any affiliate to become a fiduciary within the meaning of Section 3(21)(A)(ii) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or Section 4975(e)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.    "Category" product classifications noted at the top are Federated's internal classifications.   For additional information, including definitions of related terms and indexes, see the Financial Glossary and Benchmark Index Glossary.   Federated Securities Corp., Distributor          Not FDIC Insured May Lose Value No Bank Guarantee                  Copyright © 2017 Federated Investors, Inc.    Site Map   Fund Governance   Privacy Policy   Security Policy   Contact Us   Mobile     Connect with us:                          

Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:44 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of March 05, 2010, Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund has been acquired by Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Core Fund. It is an open ended equity mutual fund launched by Federated Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Federated MDTA LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund spreads its investments across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of small cap companies, having market capitalization within the range of Russell 2000 value index. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis, with bottom up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its...
As of March 05, 2010, Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund has been acquired by Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Core Fund. It is an open ended equity mutual fund launched by Federated Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Federated MDTA LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund spreads its investments across diversified sectors. It invests in value stocks of small cap companies, having market capitalization within the range of Russell 2000 value index. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis, with bottom up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 2000 Value Index. The fund was formerly known as MDT Small Cap Value Fund. Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund was formed on September 15, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


125 High StreetOliver Street Tower21st FloorBoston, MA 02110United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 617-235-7100

Fax: 412-288-3939








Key Executives for Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund


Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Federated MDT Series - Federated MDT Small Cap Value Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company - Federated                                         Website Sign In     Customer Service   My Investments   Careers   Literature and Forms     search             Home     Products▼      Mutual Funds     Managed Accounts     Institutional Separate Accounts     Non-U.S. Products     Closed-End Funds     Collective Investment Funds     Variable Annuity Funds     Private Funds          Market Views▼      Videos     Equity     Fixed Income     Cash Management     International     Federated Perspectives     Infographics          Retirement▼      Investments     Platforms     Fiduciary Support     Retirement Resources     Insurance     Recent Advisor Communications     Sales Team          Resources▼      Investing Education     Calculators     Fiduciary Luminary     Morningstar Hypothetical Tool     Advisor Resources      Asset Allocation & Market Calls      Webcasts & Conference Calls           About Federated▼      Press Releases     Investor Relations     Media Appearances     Our History     SEC Filings                      MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company        Why MDT? At MDT, we build well-diversified equity portfolios for our clients, covering the full spectrum of U.S. public equities. Our portfolios aim for high alpha with lower volatility relative to the market. All of our strategies, whether core or style-specific, tax-aware or non-tax-aware, utilize the same consistent, disciplined Optimum Q process, our unique approach to investing in U.S. equities. Its objective in all strategies is the same: exploit multiple market inefficiencies and outperform the appropriate benchmark with moderate relative risk -- “a smoother ride” for our clients. Investment process Our process analyzes all of the companies in a strategy’s universe every day, using stock selection factors to assess their growth, value, and quality characteristics. Advanced, proprietary software based on sound financial theory is used to identify the companies that are most likely to outperform. Using quantitative technology allows us to sort through thousands of companies every day in order to find opportunities for our clients’ portfolios. When building client portfolios, multiple levels of risk control are employed to ensure that the model’s alpha is achieved with the lowest tracking error possible. There are limits on individual company weights and on deviations from benchmark sector weights, and company correlations driven by factor exposures are monitored as well. Trade decisions are fully transparent and reviewed by the investment team in an effort to ensure that all trades are based on accurate and current information. Product availability We offer our strategies in institutional separate accounts, managed accounts (SMA), and mutual funds. Please use the links provided in the upper right for more information.   Important Disclosure Information      Learn More About MDT Advisers   MDT Home   MDT Institutional Accounts   MDT Managed Accounts   MDT Mutual Funds   MDT Team   MDT Careers   Contact MDT                                                       122548          Copyright © 2017 Federated Investors, Inc.    Site Map   Fund Governance   Privacy Policy   Security Policy   Contact Us   Mobile     Connect with us:                       