
  FDML Stock Quote - Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC   FDML:US      Acquired   FDML:US was acquired by 253163Z:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.78    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   169.041    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.72%     Industry Automobiles & Components   % Price Change -0.92%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    1/24/2017   Federal-Mogul Comes Under Icahn’s Control (FDML)   - Investopedia     1/23/2017   Icahn Will Assume Ownership of Federal-Mogul  - Investopedia     9/14/2016   Does Carl Icahn Want to Buy Out Herbalife?   - Investopedia     9/6/2016   Icahn Enterprises Purchases Remainder of Federal-Mogul (FDML)  - The Street    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     2/23/2017   Federal-Mogul Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results     2/16/2017   Federal-Mogul Board of Directors Appoints  Bradley S. Norton Co-CEO, CEO of Federal-Mogul Motorparts     2/6/2017   Wagner® Brake Continues its Market Leadership with Aggressive Expansion of its Brake, Rotor and Hydraulic Lines     2/6/2017   Fel-Pro® PermaTorque® MLS Performance Head Gaskets Now Available for Ford Modular V8 Engines     2/1/2017   New Fel-Pro® Performance eCatalog Features More Than 100 Additional Gaskets, Sets for Racing and Modern Muscle Car Engines    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC supplies products, services and solutions to automotive, light commercial, heavy-duty truck, off-highway, agricultural, marine, rail, and industrial markets. The Company provides powertrain, vehicle safety, engine, sealing, steering, braking, service and other energy solutions.    Address  27300 West 11 Mile RoadSouthfield, MI 48034United States   Phone  1-248-354-7700   Website   www.federal-mogul.com     Executives Board Members    Rainer Jueckstock  Co-Chairman/Co-CEO/CEO:Powertrain    Bradley S Norton "Brad"  Co-Chairman/Co-CEO    Michelle Epstein Taigman  Senior VP/Secy/Co-Gen Counsel    Jean-Philippe Keller-Comte  Senior VP/Gen Mgr:Valvetrain    John Patouhas  VP/Chief Acctg Officer     Show More         ﻿

























Reviewing Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) & Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Verifone Systems, Inc. (NYSE:PAY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Decreases Stake in Fabrinet (FN)
Granite Construction Incorporated (GVA) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
Urban Edge Properties (UE) Position Reduced by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
California Public Employees Retirement System Lowers Position in Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT)
California Public Employees Retirement System Reduces Stake in Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC)
Essent Group Ltd. (ESNT) Shares Bought by California Public Employees Retirement System
Twitter, Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Receives $14.70 Average Price Target from Analysts
General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $19.56 Million Stake in Allegion PLC (ALLE)
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $19.97 Million Stake in Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC)
Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 67,162 Shares of Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK)
Cullen Capital Management LLC Sells 136,270 Shares of MetLife, Inc. (MET)
NMI Holdings Inc (NMIH) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC
Sonic Automotive, Inc. (SAH) Stake Raised by Fmr LLC
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) versus China Distance Education Holdings Limited (DL) Critical Contrast
Reviewing Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) & Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML)
Analyzing Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. (FSFR) & OFS Capital Corporation (OFS)
Swedish Orphan Bio Spon (SWTUY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
USG Corporation (USG) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub


 


Reviewing Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) & Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Federal-Mogul Holdings (NASDAQ: FDML) and Johnson Controls International PLC (NYSE:JCI) are both auto/tires/trucks companies, but which is the superior business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their analyst recommendations, profitabiliy, risk, institutional ownership, valuation, dividends and earnings. 
Profitability


 Get Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC alerts:



This table compares Federal-Mogul Holdings and Johnson Controls International PLC’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Federal-Mogul Holdings
0.31%
16.56%
2.17%


Johnson Controls International PLC
-1.69%
11.97%
4.84%






Volatility & Risk
Federal-Mogul Holdings has a beta of 2.93, suggesting that its stock price is 193% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Johnson Controls International PLC has a beta of 1.28, suggesting that its stock price is 28% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Dividends
Johnson Controls International PLC pays an annual dividend of $1.00 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.3%. Federal-Mogul Holdings does not pay a dividend. Johnson Controls International PLC pays out -194.7% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Johnson Controls International PLC has increased its dividend for 6 consecutive years. 
Insider & Institutional Ownership
98.5% of Federal-Mogul Holdings shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 84.2% of Johnson Controls International PLC shares are owned by institutional investors. 82.1% of Federal-Mogul Holdings shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 1.5% of Johnson Controls International PLC shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a company is poised for long-term growth.
Earnings and Valuation
This table compares Federal-Mogul Holdings and Johnson Controls International PLC’s revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Federal-Mogul Holdings
N/A
N/A
N/A
$0.12
83.17


Johnson Controls International PLC
$42.60 billion
0.97
$4.00 billion
($0.51)
-85.67


Johnson Controls International PLC has higher revenue and earnings than Federal-Mogul Holdings. Johnson Controls International PLC is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Federal-Mogul Holdings, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a summary of recent recommendations for Federal-Mogul Holdings and Johnson Controls International PLC, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Federal-Mogul Holdings
0
0
0
0
N/A


Johnson Controls International PLC
0
8
12
0
2.60


Johnson Controls International PLC has a consensus price target of $50.63, indicating a potential upside of 15.06%. Given Johnson Controls International PLC’s higher probable upside, analysts plainly believe Johnson Controls International PLC is more favorable than Federal-Mogul Holdings.
Summary
Johnson Controls International PLC beats Federal-Mogul Holdings on 7 of the 13 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Federal-Mogul Holdings
Federal-Mogul Holdings Corp, formerly Federal-Mogul Corporation, is a global supplier of technology and innovation in vehicle and industrial products for fuel economy, emissions reduction and safety systems. The Company serves original equipment manufacturers (OEM) and servicers (OES) (collectively OE) of automotive, light, medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, off-road, agricultural, marine, rail, aerospace, power generation and industrial equipment, as well as the worldwide aftermarket. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had OEM products included on more than 300 global vehicle platforms and more than 700 global powertrains used in light, medium and heavy-duty vehicles. The Company offers brands, OE replacement and premium products for all aftermarket customers.
About Johnson Controls International PLC
Johnson Controls, Inc. is a technology company. The Company provides products, services and solutions to optimize energy and operational efficiencies of buildings; lead-acid automotive batteries and advanced batteries for hybrid and electric vehicles, and seating and interior systems for automobiles. The Company operates in two segments: Building Efficiency and Power Solutions. The Building Efficiency segment offers designing, producing, marketing and installing integrated heating, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, building management systems, controls, security and mechanical equipment. The Power Solutions segment offers lead-acid automotive batteries for passenger cars, light trucks and utility vehicles. The Company serves both automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the general vehicle battery aftermarket. The Company also supplies advanced battery technologies to power start-stop, hybrid and electric vehicles. 
 
Receive News & Ratings for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC: NASDAQ:FDML quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceFederal-Mogul Holdings LLC(NASDAQ:FDML)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC  (Public, NASDAQ:FDML)  
Watch this stock
 









Officers and directors


Rainer Jueckstock
Co-Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Powertrain Segment


Daniel A. Ninivaggi J.D.
Co-Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Motorparts Segment


Jerome Rouquet
Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President


Scott Pepin
Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources


John Patouhas
Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President


SungHwan Cho
Director


Courtney R. Mather
Director


Michael Nevin
Director


Louis J. Pastor
Director


Thomas W. Elward
Independent Director


Address
27300 W 11 Mile RdSOUTHFIELD, MI 48034-6147United States
- Map+1-248-3547700 (Phone)+1-302-6365454 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.federalmogul.com



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters








Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation is a supplier of technology in vehicle and industrial products for fuel economy, emissions reduction and safety systems. The Company operates in two segments: Powertrain segment and Motorparts segment. The Powertrain segment focuses on original equipment products for automotive, heavy duty and industrial applications. The Motorparts segment sells and distributes a portfolio of products in the global aftermarket. The Company supplies a range of components, accessories and systems. The Company serves the original equipment manufacturers (OEM) and original equipment servicers (OES) (collectively OE) of automotive, light, medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, off-road, agricultural, marine, rail, aerospace, power generation and industrial equipment. The Company offers brands, OE replacement and entry/mid-level products for all aftermarket customers. It offers Beck/Arnley fluids, engine management, cooling, electrical parts and electronic components.



Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC
NASDAQ

FDML

9.98




1.69B



Dana Inc
NYSE

DAN

23.28


-0.22
(-0.94%)
3.37B



Delphi Automotive PLC
NYSE

DLPH

90.07


-0.44
(-0.49%)
24.13B



Illinois Tool Works Inc.
NYSE

ITW

141.04


+0.22
(0.16%)
48.72B



Timken Co
NYSE

TKR

45.50


-0.65
(-1.41%)
3.55B



Valeo, SA (USA)
OTCMKTS

VLEEY

34.98
*

+0.03
(0.08%)
16.66B



Coates International Ltd
OTCMKTS

COTE

0.00028
*

-0.00002
(-6.67%)
856,949.00



ELRINGKLINGER AG NPV (REGD)
OTCMKTS

EGKLF

20.10
*

0.00
(0.00%)
1.27B



BorgWarner Inc.
NYSE

BWA

46.99


-0.03
(-0.06%)
9.97B



NGK SPARK PLUG CO ADR EACH REPR 5 SHS
OTCMKTS

NGKSY

10.46
*

0.00
(0.00%)
4.68B



AB SKF (ADR)
OTCMKTS

SKFRY

20.01
*

+0.27
(1.35%)
9.18B


* Delayed by up to 20 minutes - 
Disclaimer





Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service


Federal-mogul Holdings Llc (FDML) Business Description - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 





Business Description
Officers & Directors
 



 


Federal-mogul Holdings Llc  (FDML)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 







  
 Sector • 
      Consumer Discretionary    Industry

• Auto & Truck Parts


Tweet
 










 
 Federal-mogul Holdings Llc	
Business Description








Federal-Mogul Corporation completed a holding company reorganization. As a 
  result of the Reorganization, the outstanding shares of Federal-Mogul Corporation 
  common stock were automatically converted on a one-for-one basis into shares 
  of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation common stock, and all of the stockholders 
  of Federal-Mogul Corporation immediately prior to the Reorganization automatically 
  became stockholders of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation. The rights of stockholders 
  of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation are generally governed by Delaware law 
  and Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation’s certificate of incorporation 
  and bylaws, which are the same in all material respects as those of Federal-Mogul 
  Corporation immediately prior to the Reorganization. In addition, the board 
  of directors of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation and its Audit Committee and 
  Compensation Committee are composed of the same members as the board of directors, 
  Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of Federal-Mogul Corporation prior 
  to the Reorganization.
We are a leading global supplier of technology and innovation in vehicle and 
  industrial products for fuel economy, emissions reduction and safety systems. 
  We serve the world’s foremost original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) 
  and servicers (“OES”) (collectively “OE”) of automotive, 
  light, medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, off-road, agricultural, marine, 
  rail, aerospace, power generation and industrial equipment, as well as the worldwide 
  aftermarket. We seek to participate in both of these markets by leveraging our 
  original equipment product engineering and development capability, manufacturing 
  know-how, and expertise in managing a broad and deep range of replacement parts 
  to service the aftermarket. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to effectively 
  manage the life cycle of a broad range of products to a diverse customer base. 
  We are a leading technology supplier and a market share leader in several product 
  categories. As of December 31, 2015, we had current OEM products included on 
  more than 300 global vehicle platforms and more than 700 global powertrains 
  used in light, medium, and heavy-duty vehicles. We offer premium brands, OE 
  replacement, and entry/mid level products for all aftermarket customers. This 
  broad range of vehicle and powertrain applications reinforces our belief in 
  our unique market position.
We operate with two end-customer focused business segments. The Powertrain 
  segment focuses on original equipment powertrain products for automotive, heavy 
  duty, and industrial applications. The Motorparts segment sells and distributes 
  a broad portfolio of products in the global aftermarket including more than 
  20 globally-recognized brands. We also serve original equipment manufacturers 
  with products including braking, wipers, and a limited range of chassis. This 
  organizational model allows for a strong product line focus benefitting both 
  original equipment and aftermarket customers and enables us to be responsive 
  to customers’ needs for superior products and to promote greater identification 
  with our premium brands. Additionally, this organizational model enhances management 
  focus to capitalize on opportunities for organic or acquisition growth, profit 
  improvement, capital allocation, and business model optimization in line with 
  the unique requirements of the two different customer bases and business models.
Powertrain offers its customers a diverse array of market-leading products 
  for OE applications, including pistons, piston rings, piston pins, cylinder 
  liners, engine valves, valve seats and guides, ignition products, dynamic seals, 
  bonded piston seals, combustion and exhaust gaskets, static gaskets and seals, 
  rigid heat shields, engine bearings, industrial bearings, bushings and washers, 
  element resistant systems protection sleeving products, acoustic shielding, 
  and flexible heat shields. Motorparts offers powertrain products, typically 
  manufactured by Powertrain, and is also a leading global manufacturer and distributor 
  of brake disc pads, brake linings, brake blocks, brake system components, chassis 
  and driveline products, engine gaskets and seals, wipers, lighting, and other 
  product lines to OE and aftermarket customers. Motorparts markets its products 
  under more than 20 globally recognized brands through a global distribution 
  network.
We have manufacturing facilities, technical centers, distribution centers, 
  and warehouses in 25 countries. Accordingly, our reporting segments derive sales 
  from both domestic and international markets. The attendant risks of our international 
  operations are primarily related to currency fluctuations, changes in local 
  economic and political conditions, extraterritorial effects of United States 
  laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and changes in laws and regulations.
We maintain technical centers throughout the world designed to:

  provide solutions for customers and bring new, innovative products to market;

  integrate our leading technologies into advanced products and processes;

  provide engineering support for all of our manufacturing sites; and

  provide technological expertise in engineering and design development.
Our research and development activities are conducted at our research and development 
  locations. Within the United States, these centers are located in Skokie, Illinois; 
  Ann Arbor, Michigan; Plymouth, Michigan; St. Louis, Missouri; Exton, Pennsylvania; 
  and Waupun, Wisconsin. Internationally, our research and development centers 
  are located in Araras, Brazil; Aubange, Belgium; Chapel-en-le-Frith, United 
  Kingdom; Coventry, United Kingdom; Burscheid, Germany; Nuremberg, Germany; Wiesbaden, 
  Germany; Bad Camberg, Germany; Glinde, Germany; Kostelec, Czech Republic, and 
  Shanghai, China.


 
 






View Company Supplier
View Company Competition
View Company Customers










 





CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright Š 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com






	Federal-Mogul Corporation




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us



















  
 
OE Pistons • Sealing • Systems Protection • Bearings • Ignition Rings & Liners • Valve Seats and Guides • Valvetra​in 
 
 
OE Braking • Chassis • Wipers Aftermarket Components







Module Contents 
 
 
 
 
















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages





	Federal-Mogul Contacts




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us




















Contact Us
























Module ContentsContact Us
Choose the user group that best suits you. Before submitting a request, please review the FAQ pages for questions and answers.
INQUIRIES Federal-Mogul Motorparts
Federal-Mogul Powertrain
 
CONTACTS Media Corporate Communications and Industry Analyst Relations groups 
InvestorContacts for our securities analysts and investors 
SupplierFor SupplyNet password issues or restricted substances issues
 
FAQsTry our Frequently Asked Questions section
World Headquarters27300 West 11 Mile RoadSouthfield, Michigan 48034+1 248-354-7700​


















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages





	Home




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us































Module Contents





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy








































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages





	Federal-Mogul Corporation





































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us




















Company Overview





















Company Overview
Corporate Leaders
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance

Code of Conduct
Audit Committee Charter
Code of Ethics
Corporate Governance


Culture and Diversity
Corporate Social Responsibility

CSR Report
From Our CEOs
People
Environment
Products


Policy Documents
Material Safety Data
Technology Innovation & Licensing
History





Module Contents2














Module ContentsOur Company
Federal-Mogul LLC is an innovative and diversified global supplier of quality products, trusted brands and creative solutions to manufacturers of automotive, light commercial, heavy-duty and off-highway vehicles, as well as in power generation, aerospace, marine, rail and industrial. Federal-Mogul operates with two business divisions, each with a chief executive officer reporting to Federal-Mogul’s Board of Directors.  Federal-Mogul Powertrain focuses on original equipment powertrain products for automotive, heavy-duty and industrial applications; Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes a broad portfolio of products in the global vehicle aftermarket, while also serving original equipment (OE/OES) manufacturers with vehicle products including brake friction, chassis, wipers and other components. For more than a century, Federal-Mogul has developed the innovative products our customers need to produce the next generation of vehicles. The company continues to develop innovations to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance durability through global engineering, manufacturing, distribution and customer service programs.  Federal-Mogul is the preferred partner for its global customers.














Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages





	Federal-Mogul Powertrain




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us













                    Powertrain
                


About UsProductsBrandsLeading TechnologiesMarketsGlobal Presence

  Federal-Mogul Powertrain Bentley-Harris® Protection Products Champion® Performance Driven™ Daros® Piston Rings for 2-Stroke Large Bore Engines Deva®  Glycodur®  Goetze ® Mechanical Face Seals Goetze® Piston Rings for 4-Stroke Large Bore Engines





BEARINGS
CYLINDER LINERS
IGNITION
LIGHTING
PISTON RINGS
PISTONS
SEALING
SYSTEMS PROTECTION
VALVE SEATS & GUIDES
VALVETRAIN




All BEARINGS Products



Bearings, Bushings and Washers




Self-Lubricating Bearings





All CYLINDER LINERS Products



Liners 





All IGNITION Products



Ignition - Coils




Ignition - Spark Plugs





All LIGHTING Products



Lighting - Exterior
Lighting - Interior




Lighting - Power Distribution




Lighting - Sources





All PISTON RINGS Products



Large Bore Engine




Piston Rings





All PISTONS Products



Pins




Pistons - Aluminum 




Pistons - Steel





All SEALING Products



Bonded Transmission Piston
Gaskets - Cold
Gaskets - Hot




Heat Shields
Mechanical Face Seals




Seals - Dynamic
Wellhead Service Products





All SYSTEMS PROTECTION Products



Abrasion and Mechanical
Abrasion/Bundling
Acoustic Shielding
Electrical Aerospace




EMI/RFI Shielding
Flexible Heat Shielding
Noise, Vibration and Harshness




Safety/Crash Protection
Sleeves - Air Ducting
Sleeves - Thermal Management





All VALVE SEATS & GUIDES Products



Valve - Guides




Valve - Seats





All VALVETRAIN Products



Valve - Cotters
Valve - Engine Valves




Valve - Retainers
Valve - Rocker Arm Assemblies




Valve - Rotators
Valve - Tappets





















     





Module Contents
 
Product PortfolioA wide range of Powertrain Products trusted worldwide [Learn More] 

 
Global FootprintMore than 50k employees & 100 Plants in 34 countries.[Learn More] 

 
Powertrain CareersInnovate, Grow, Imagine.Build your future here![Learn More] 







     

 
 
Video ArchiveAccess our extensive Library of Powertrain Product videos. [Learn More] 















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy








































FM_OE_pub.master
Pages






Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML) News & Analysis






















    























































































Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC Company Profile (NASDAQ:FDML)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)
Federal-Mogul Holdings Corp, formerly Federal-Mogul Corporation, is a global supplier of technology and innovation in vehicle and industrial products for fuel economy, emissions reduction and safety systems. The Company serves original equipment manufacturers (OEM) and servicers (OES) (collectively OE) of automotive, light, medium and heavy-duty commercial vehicles, off-road, agricultural, marine, rail, aerospace, power generation and industrial equipment, as well as the worldwide aftermarket. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had OEM products included on more than 300 global vehicle platforms and more than 700 global powertrains used in light, medium and heavy-duty vehicles. The Company offers brands, OE replacement and premium products for all aftermarket customers. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Auto/Tires/Trucks
Industry: Auto Parts
Sub-Industry: Auto Parts & Equipment
Symbol: NASDAQ:FDML
CUSIP: 31354940
Web: www.federalmogul.com

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $9.98200 Day Moving Avg: $10.0152 Week Range: $8.11 - $10.68


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 8.32P/E Growth: 0.00


Profitability:Net Margins: 0.31%Return on Equity: 16.56%Return on Assets: 2.17%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 2.96%Current Ratio: 1.76%Quick Ratio: 1.03%Misc:Beta: 2.93

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)
What is Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's stock symbol?

Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "FDML."



How were Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's earnings last quarter?

Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML) announced its earnings results on Wednesday, July, 27th. The company reported $0.28 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $1.92 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2 billion. Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC had a net margin of 0.31% and a return on equity of 16.56%. Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's revenue for the quarter was down 1.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.35 EPS.  View Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's Earnings History.



Who are some of Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC include Toyota Motor Corp Ltd Ord (TM), Volkswagen AG (VLKAY), Daimler AG (DDAIF), Tesla (TSLA), Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BAMXF), General Motors Company (GM), Honda Motor Company (HMC), Continental AG (CTTAY), Ford Motor Company (F), Nissan Motor Co Ltd (NSANY), Denso Corp. (DNZOY), Cummins (CMI), Fuji Heavy Industries (FUJHY), Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH), MICHELIN (CGDE) (MGDDY), Tata Motors Ltd (TTM), PACCAR (PCAR) and Ferrari N.V. (RACE).



How do I buy Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC stock? 

Shares of Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC's stock price today?

One share of Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC stock can currently be purchased for approximately $9.98.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ FDML)Community Ranking:  0.9 out of 5 ()Outperform Votes:  19 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  86 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  105MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails6/21/2016FBR & CoBoost Price TargetMkt Perform$7.00 -> $8.00N/A2/2/2016BB&T CorporationReiterated RatingNot Applicable -> HoldN/A10/29/2015GabelliUpgradeHold -> Buy$13.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)Earnings History by Quarter for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ FDML)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails10/26/2016Q316$0.21$0.15$1.87 billion$1.83 billionViewListen7/27/2016Q216$0.32$0.28$2.00 billion$1.92 billionViewListen4/27/2016Q116$0.27$0.31$1.89 billion$1.90 billionViewListen2/29/2016Q415$0.12$0.22$1.81 billion$1.80 billionViewListen10/28/2015Q3$0.21$0.17$2.02 billion$1.82 billionViewListen7/29/2015Q215$0.21$0.35$1.98 billion$1.96 billionViewListen4/29/2015Q115$0.18$0.25$1.95 billion$1.84 billionViewListen2/24/2015Q414$0.13$0.07$1.83 billion$1.80 billionViewN/A10/22/2014Q314$0.24$0.13$1.82 billion$1.87 billionViewListen7/23/2014Q214$0.35$0.33$1.87 billion$1.87 billionViewListen4/23/2014Q114$0.30$0.31$1.82 billion$1.78 billionViewListen10/23/2013Q313$0.12$0.26$1.67 billion$1.69 billionViewListen7/22/2013Q2 2013$0.39$0.57$1.73 billion$1.77 billionViewListen4/24/2013Q1 2013($0.21)($0.34)$1.74 billion$1.70 billionViewListen2/27/2013Q4 2012$0.15($0.81)$1.55 billion$1.60 billionViewListen10/19/2012$0.25($0.11)ViewN/A7/26/2012$0.56($0.30)ViewN/A4/24/2012$0.50$0.32ViewN/A2/28/2012$0.44$0.51ViewN/A10/27/2011$0.45$0.34ViewN/A7/28/2011$0.58$0.64ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.21QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171$0.28$0.28$0.28Q2 20171$0.36$0.36$0.36Q3 20171$0.27$0.27$0.27Q4 20171$0.30$0.30$0.30(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)Insider Ownership Percentage: 82.10%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 98.49%Insider Trades by Quarter for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails1/23/2017Carl C IcahnMajor ShareholderBuy16,766,401$10.00$167,664,010.00  9/6/2012Rainer JueckstockInsiderBuy20,000$10.07$201,400.00  8/30/2012Carl C IcahnChairmanBuy239,149$9.41$2,250,392.09  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)


Latest Headlines for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (NASDAQ:FDML)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineJohnson Controls International PLC (JCI) & Federal-Mogul Holdings (NASDAQ:FDML) Critical Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 12:27 AMHead to Head Review: Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) and Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 9:30 AMAnalyzing Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) and Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 10:23 PMFederal-Mogul Holdings (NASDAQ:FDML) & Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Head to Head Analysiswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 12:10 AMComparing Federal-Mogul Holdings (NASDAQ:FDML) & Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 12:34 PMJohnson Controls International PLC (JCI) versus Federal-Mogul Holdings (FDML) Critical Analysiswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 10:33 PMTracking Carl Icahn's Portfolio - Q1 2017 Updateseekingalpha.com - May 19 at 6:34 AMEdited Transcript of FDML earnings conference call or presentation 29-Apr-15 2:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 10 at 10:20 PMFederal-Mogul Motorparts' Garage Gurus™ to Host First Facebook Live Event on May 9feeds.benzinga.com - May 4 at 11:53 AMFederal-Mogul Holdings Corp (FDML) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 9:32 AMEdited Transcript of FDML earnings conference call or presentation 29-Feb-16 2:30pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 2 at 7:19 PMFederal-Mogul Holdings Corp (FDML) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.31www.americanbankingnews.com - April 26 at 8:44 AMFederal-Mogul Holdings Corp (FDML) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.56www.americanbankingnews.com - April 19 at 10:31 AMFederal-Mogul Holdings LLC -- Moody's assigns B1 rating to Federal-Mogul's new senior secured noteswww.moodys.com - March 20 at 7:30 PMCarl Icahn Buys Hertz Global Holdings - Yahoo Finance - Yahoo Financefinance.yahoo.com - March 15 at 5:32 PMWagner® Brake Continues its Market Leadership with Aggressive Expansion of its Brake, Rotor and Hydraulic Linesfinance.yahoo.com - February 6 at 5:12 PMFel-Pro® PermaTorque® MLS Performance Head Gaskets Now Available for Ford Modular V8 Enginesfinance.yahoo.com - February 6 at 11:24 AMNew Fel-Pro® Performance eCatalog Features More Than 100 Additional Gaskets, Sets for Racing and Modern Muscle Car Enginesfinance.yahoo.com - February 1 at 5:49 PMFel-Pro® Brand Unveils Exclusive High-Temperature Alloy Turbocharger Gaskets for Racing Enginesfinance.yahoo.com - January 26 at 6:35 PMFEDERAL-MOGUL HOLDINGS CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets, Notice of Delistius.rd.yahoo.com - January 24 at 5:51 PMNew Wagner® LongLife™ HD Lamps Offer 2 to 4 Times Longer Service in Trucking, Utility and Municipal Vehicle and Automotive Applicationsfinance.yahoo.com - January 24 at 5:51 PMIcahn Enterprises LP (IEP) Closes Acquisition of Federal-Mogul (FDML) - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - January 23 at 5:32 PMFederal-Mogul Motorparts to Highlight its Commercial Vehicle Offerings at HDAW in Las Vegasfinance.yahoo.com - January 23 at 5:32 PMIcahn Will Assume Ownership of Federal-Mogulwww.investopedia.com - January 23 at 5:32 PMIcahn Enterprises Completes Acquisition of Federal-Mogulfinance.yahoo.com - January 23 at 5:32 PMIcahn completes purchase of Federal-Mogulseekingalpha.com - January 23 at 5:24 PMMOOG® Steering and Suspension Brand Continued to Expand Coverage in Decemberfinance.yahoo.com - January 23 at 10:30 AMIcahn Enterprises L.P. Announces Results Of Federal-Mogul Tender Offerfinance.yahoo.com - January 19 at 6:53 PMIcahn Enterprises extends tender offer on Federal-Mogul Holdingsseekingalpha.com - January 18 at 10:37 PMIcahn Enterprises L.P. Announces Extension of Tender Offer for all ... - Yahoo Financefinance.yahoo.com - January 18 at 5:35 PMGAMCO Tenders Federal-Mogul Sharesfinance.yahoo.com - January 18 at 5:35 PMFederal-Mogul Holdings (FDML) Flat on New Contractswww.baystreet.ca - January 11 at 5:46 PMFederal-Mogul Powertrain Supplies Engine Technologies for All 10 of Wards 10 Best Engines for 2017finance.yahoo.com - January 11 at 5:46 PMFEDERAL-MOGUL HOLDINGS CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule orbiz.yahoo.com - January 6 at 5:44 PMWall Street's M&A Chatter From January 3feeds.benzinga.com - January 4 at 7:54 AMIcahn Enterprises L.P. (IEP) Raises Federal-Mogul (FDML) Tender Offer to $10/Share - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - January 4 at 5:27 AMIcahn Enterprises Increases Tender Offer Price To $10.00/shr For Federal-Mogulwww.nasdaq.com - January 4 at 12:25 AMIcahn sweetens offer for Federal-Mogul for third time | Reuters - Reuterswww.reuters.com - January 3 at 7:24 PMIcahn ups offer to buy Federal-Mogul againfinance.yahoo.com - January 3 at 7:24 PMCarl Icahn's Art of the Dealwww.bloomberg.com - January 3 at 7:24 PMIcahn bumps bid for Federal-Mogul to $10/shareseekingalpha.com - January 3 at 10:36 AMIcahn Enterprises L.P. Announces Extension of Tender Offer for All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation at $9.25 Per Share in Cashus.rd.yahoo.com - December 16 at 5:43 PMIcahn Enterprises L.P. Announces Extension of Tender Offer for All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation at $9.25 Per Share in Cashus.rd.yahoo.com - December 16 at 5:43 PM8:29 am Federal-Mogul: Icahn Enterprises L.P. (IEP) extends $9.25/share cash tender offering to January 4, 2017us.rd.yahoo.com - December 16 at 5:43 PM8:29 am Federal-Mogul: Icahn Enterprises L.P. (IEP) extends $9.25/share cash tender offering to January 4, 2017us.rd.yahoo.com - December 16 at 5:43 PM


Social





Chart
Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC (FDML) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff
















































Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
























Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Automobile Parts Manufacturing Industry Report


Machinery Manufacturing Industry Report


Semiconductor & Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Industry Report


Search, Detection, Navigation & Guidance System Manufacturing Industry Report


Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Industry Report


















Federal-Mogul Holdings LLCCompany Information

27300 W 11 Mile RdSouthfield, MI, 48034 United States(248) 354-7700 †
http://www.federalmogul.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC Company Profile
Iron and steel forgings, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Southfield, MI, United States
Automobile Parts Manufacturing
Machinery Manufacturing
Semiconductor & Other Electronic Component Manufacturing
Search, Detection, Navigation & Guidance System Manufacturing
Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























Federal-Mogul - Wikipedia





















 






Federal-Mogul

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: FDML


Industry
Auto parts


Founded
1899; 118 years ago (1899)
as the Muzzy-Lyon Company


Headquarters
Southfield, Michigan, United States



Key people

Carl Icahn, Chairman of the Board
Rainer Jückstock, CEO, Federal-Mogul Powertrain
Brad Norton, CEO, Federal-Mogul Motorparts


Products
Pistons, Rings, Pins, Liners, Valve Seats and Guides, Ignition, Bearings, Bushings, Heat shields, Sealing, Systems Protection, Transmission, Brake, Chassis, Wiper products


Revenue
 US$7.317 billion (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$168 million) (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.067 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$806 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

48,600 (December 31, 2014)


Website
www.federalmogul.com


Federal-Mogul Corporation is an American developer, manufacturer and supplier of products for automotive, commercial, aerospace, marine, rail and off-road vehicles; and industrial, agricultural and power-generation applications.[2][unreliable source?]
Federal-Mogul operates two independent business divisions, called Federal-Mogul Powertrain and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The two divisions each have their own chief executive officer.



Contents


1 History
2 Company divisions
3 Awards
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Federal-Mogul was founded in Detroit in 1899 by J. Howard Muzzy and Edward F. Lyon as the Muzzy Lyon Company.[3] Muzzy and Lyon went into business together producing mill supplies and rubber goods.[3] In addition, the partners formed a subsidiary called Mogul Metal Company where they launched various bearing innovations.[4][3][5][unreliable source?] Muzzy Lyon began producing bearings made from their own Babbitt metal called Mogul, an alloy of tin, antimony and copper.[4][3][5] The product was trademarked under “Mogul” and “Duro”.[4][3][5] In addition to Babbitt metal, Muzzy and Lyon invented a process of custom die-casting bearings.[5]
The Muzzy Lyon Company bearings business proved successful in the early 1900s and became the pair's main concern, with Buick as one of their earliest customers.[3] The Muzzy Lyon Company later merged with an engine bearings and bushings manufacturing company, Federal Bearings and Bushings Corporation.[5] Federal Bearings & Bushings Co. was founded in 1915 by a group of Detroit businessmen.[4] In 1924, the Muzzy Lyon Company and Federal Bearings and Bushing merged to become Federal-Mogul Corporation.[5] The combined company also manufactured bronze bearings, a product the Muzzy Lyon Company did not supply.
Federal Mogul established a research division in 1929, with the help of Battelle Memorial Institute.[5] During the depression, Federal-Mogul invested in the Equi-Poise propeller division.[5]
In 1932, the company developed a new alloy called C-100, one of the first new bearing materials since the discovery of Babbitt metal.[5] The Federal-Mogul research team revamped the C-100 in 1934 to create a C-50 alloy.[5]
In 1955, the company acquired National Motor Bearing Company, resulting in a company name change to Federal-Mogul Bower.[6]
In the late 1950s, the company opened business operations in Switzerland.[5] In 1962, the company opened established an overseas service center in Antwerp, Belgium.[7] In 1963, Federal-Mogul Bower’s Arrowhead division manufactured components for NASA’s Saturn launch vehicle.[7]
In April 1965, Federal-Mogul Bower merged with Sterling Aluminum Products. The combined company was renamed the Federal-Mogul Corporation.[6][8]
In 1966, Federal-Mogul Corporation relocated from downtown Detroit, establishing its corporate headquarters in Southfield, Michigan.[7]
In 1981, Federal-Mogul Arrowhead parts were implemented in the NASA space shuttle launch.[7]
In 1981, the company attempted to patent a process for curing rubber based on the mathematical equation written by Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius in 1889. The US Patent Office rejected Federal-Mogul's claim, on the basis that neither a formula, as a law of nature, nor a computer program based on such a formula, could be patented.[9] That same year, the company won a claim in the Supreme Court to the patent.
In 1998, the company acquired Cooper Industries and brands including Anco wiper blades, Champion ignition, MOOG chassis, Wagner and Abex friction, and Wagner and Blazer lighting.[10]
That same year, Federal-Mogul also acquired Turner & Newall, a building materials company based in Manchester, UK. Turner & Newall was one of the world's largest manufacturers of asbestos-related products, including those made with blue crocidolite asbestos mined in South Africa. Turner & Newall was responsible for the Armley asbestos disaster in Leeds, UK. After the acquisition, Federal-Mogul set aside approximately $2.1 billion to cover asbestos-related claims but that amount provide insufficient.[11] The large number of products liability claims that came with this acquisition were largely responsible for Federal-Mogul's federal Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in 2002.[12]
During the company’s restructuring, Federal-Mogul Corporation acquired multiple companies including Robert G. Evans Co., Hanauer Machine Works, Inc., Metaltec, Inc., Mather Co. and Fel-Pro, Inc.[13] The company emerged from Chapter 11 reorganization in January 2008 and in April 2008, the company listed Class A common stock on NASDAQ under the trading symbol FDML.[13]
In June 2010, Federal-Mogul expanded further into Asia by opening a headquarters and technical center in Shanghai, China.[14] The Asia Pacific headquarters and technical center facility contains powertrain dynamometers and vehicle braking test cells among other processes.[14] The location allows for increased technical support to powertrain and vehicle customers as well as technology development.[14]
Federal-Mogul acquired Daros Group in June 2010, a privately owned supplier of pistons for large bore engines used in industrial energy generation and commercial shipping.[15] The acquisition of the group included operations in China, Sweden and Germany.[15] The purchase of Daros added two-stroke and four-stroke piston ring products to Federal-Mogul’s portfolio of industrial piston rings.[15]




Technical Center, Ann Arbor, Michigan


In December 2010 Barcelona (Spain) warehouse was shut down and moved to Madrid.
In March 2012, Federal-Mogul’s board of directors announced its decision to modify the company’s corporate structure to create separate Powertrain and Vehicle Components segments, each with its own CEO.[16] Rainer Jueckstock, former senior vice president of the company's Powertrain Energy business, was named CEO for the Powertrain segment effective April 1, 2012.[16] In February 2014, Daniel A. Ninivaggi was appointed CEO of the Federal-Mogul Vehicle Components segment (VCS).
In July 2012, Federal-Mogul announced a definitive agreement to purchase the BERU spark-plug business from BorgWarner Inc.[17]
In September 2014, the company formally announced the long pending modification to the company's corporate structure would be a split into two separate companies, Federal-Mogul Powertrain, and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The Powertrain division will focus on the manufacturing and selling of OEM auto parts while the Motorparts division focuses on selling aftermarket parts. Each individual company has their own CEO and corporate level staff that will continue to report to the board of directors of Federal-Mogul Holding Corporation. The company expects the split to be completed in the first half of 2015 pending regulatory approval.[18]
In 2014, Honeywell completed the $155 million sale of its friction materials business to Federal Mogul Corp.
In February 2017, Ninivaggi was promoted to CEO of the Icahn Automotive Group, LLC. Brad Norton was promoted to CEO of Federal-Mogul Motorparts as his replacement.
Company divisions[edit]
Federal-Mogul Powertrain designs and manufacturers original equipment powertrain components and system protection products in the United States and internationally, its diversified production line consists of various products, ranging from powdered metal parts to space suits, including engine bearings, pistons, piston pins, piston rings, cylinder liners, valve seats and guides, spark plugs, ignition coils, transmission products, technical textiles and connecting rods.[4] Bower Roller Bearing Division was a major supplier of bearings for missiles and aircraft, and for many other industries — automotive, construction machinery, machine tool and farm equipment.[19]
Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes products under more than 20 brands in the global vehicle aftermarket, including ANCO wiper blades; Bentley-Harris protection solutions; Champion spark plugs, wipers and filters, BERU glow plugs; AE, Fel-Pro, Goetze, Nural, Glyco and Payen engine products; MOOG steering and suspension parts; and Ferodo and Wagner brake products.[2]
Awards[edit]
Federal-Mogul has received 16 Automotive News PACE Awards. [20] The awards are for automotive suppliers that show innovation, technological advancement and business performance.[21] Federal-Mogul received their first PACE Award in 2003; their most recent was awarded in 2016.
References[edit]



^ a b c d "Federal-Mogul - Investors - SEC Filings". corporate-ir.net. 
^ a b "FEDERAL-MOGUL TO PRESENT INNOVATIVE RANGE OF EFFICIENCY-ENHANCING TECHNOLOGIES AT THE 2012 IAA COMMERCIAL VEHICLE SHOW IN SEPTEMBER". Reuters. Retrieved 2 August 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Turner, Tyya N. (2005). Vault guide to the top manufacturing employers. New York, NY: Vault Inc. pp. 108–112. ISBN 1-58131-324-1. 
^ a b c d e Klier, Thomas H; Rubenstein, James N. (2008). Who really made your car? Restructuring and geographic change in the auto industry. Kalamazoo, MI: W. E. Upjohn Institute. pp. 68–69. ISBN 978-0-88099-333-3. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "1899-1940: Founded on Innovation". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b "1941-1956: Diversifying for Success". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b c d "1957-1974 Going Global". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Morton, Hudson T. (1965). Anti-friction Bearings. Ann Arbor, MI: Hudson T. Morton. p. 465. 
^ "Computer-aided processes are patently confusing". New Scientist. 89 (1244): 678. 12 March 2008. ISSN 0262-4079. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffery (1998). The Legend of Federal-Mogul. Florida: Write Stuff Enterprises, Inc. p. 151. ISBN 0-945903-44-8. 
^ "Federal-Mogul Corporation". 2014-06-10. 
^ Federal Mogul:" Wheeling & Dealing in Asbestos Liability, Environmental Working Group website
^ a b "1975-2011 A Bright Future". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Opens Shanghai Headquarters and Technical Center". eBearing News. Retrieved 3 August 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Buys Piston Ring Caster Daros". American Foundry Society. 25 June 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2012. 
^ a b "Federal-Mogul Says Rainer Jueckstock To Succeed Jose Maria Alapont As CEO". RTT News. 12 March 2012. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Walsh, Dustin (3 July 2012). "Federal-Mogul acquisition of BorgWarner's Beru spark plug unit expected to boost sales $80 million". Crains Detroit Business. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Clothier, Mark (3 September 2014). "Icahn’s Federal-Mogul to Split Motorparts, Powertrain". Bloomberg. 
^ Searing heat, frigid cold torture missile bearings. // Aviation Week & Space Technology, May 2, 1960, v. 72, no. 18, p. 14.
^ . Crain Communications http://www.autonews.com/assets/html/pace_award/past_winners.html. Retrieved 13 September 2016.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "2013 Automotive News PACE Awards". Crain Communications Inc. Retrieved 13 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Federal-Mogul Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Federal-Mogul&oldid=791430036"					
Categories: Companies that have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcyCompanies based in Southfield, MichiganAuto parts suppliers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1899Companies listed on NASDAQAsbestos1899 establishments in MichiganHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from June 2014Articles with a promotional tone from June 2014All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from June 2014Articles lacking reliable references from March 2017Use mdy dates from January 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Federal-Mogul - Wikipedia





















 






Federal-Mogul

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: FDML


Industry
Auto parts


Founded
1899; 118 years ago (1899)
as the Muzzy-Lyon Company


Headquarters
Southfield, Michigan, United States



Key people

Carl Icahn, Chairman of the Board
Rainer Jückstock, CEO, Federal-Mogul Powertrain
Brad Norton, CEO, Federal-Mogul Motorparts


Products
Pistons, Rings, Pins, Liners, Valve Seats and Guides, Ignition, Bearings, Bushings, Heat shields, Sealing, Systems Protection, Transmission, Brake, Chassis, Wiper products


Revenue
 US$7.317 billion (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$168 million) (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.067 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$806 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

48,600 (December 31, 2014)


Website
www.federalmogul.com


Federal-Mogul Corporation is an American developer, manufacturer and supplier of products for automotive, commercial, aerospace, marine, rail and off-road vehicles; and industrial, agricultural and power-generation applications.[2][unreliable source?]
Federal-Mogul operates two independent business divisions, called Federal-Mogul Powertrain and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The two divisions each have their own chief executive officer.



Contents


1 History
2 Company divisions
3 Awards
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Federal-Mogul was founded in Detroit in 1899 by J. Howard Muzzy and Edward F. Lyon as the Muzzy Lyon Company.[3] Muzzy and Lyon went into business together producing mill supplies and rubber goods.[3] In addition, the partners formed a subsidiary called Mogul Metal Company where they launched various bearing innovations.[4][3][5][unreliable source?] Muzzy Lyon began producing bearings made from their own Babbitt metal called Mogul, an alloy of tin, antimony and copper.[4][3][5] The product was trademarked under “Mogul” and “Duro”.[4][3][5] In addition to Babbitt metal, Muzzy and Lyon invented a process of custom die-casting bearings.[5]
The Muzzy Lyon Company bearings business proved successful in the early 1900s and became the pair's main concern, with Buick as one of their earliest customers.[3] The Muzzy Lyon Company later merged with an engine bearings and bushings manufacturing company, Federal Bearings and Bushings Corporation.[5] Federal Bearings & Bushings Co. was founded in 1915 by a group of Detroit businessmen.[4] In 1924, the Muzzy Lyon Company and Federal Bearings and Bushing merged to become Federal-Mogul Corporation.[5] The combined company also manufactured bronze bearings, a product the Muzzy Lyon Company did not supply.
Federal Mogul established a research division in 1929, with the help of Battelle Memorial Institute.[5] During the depression, Federal-Mogul invested in the Equi-Poise propeller division.[5]
In 1932, the company developed a new alloy called C-100, one of the first new bearing materials since the discovery of Babbitt metal.[5] The Federal-Mogul research team revamped the C-100 in 1934 to create a C-50 alloy.[5]
In 1955, the company acquired National Motor Bearing Company, resulting in a company name change to Federal-Mogul Bower.[6]
In the late 1950s, the company opened business operations in Switzerland.[5] In 1962, the company opened established an overseas service center in Antwerp, Belgium.[7] In 1963, Federal-Mogul Bower’s Arrowhead division manufactured components for NASA’s Saturn launch vehicle.[7]
In April 1965, Federal-Mogul Bower merged with Sterling Aluminum Products. The combined company was renamed the Federal-Mogul Corporation.[6][8]
In 1966, Federal-Mogul Corporation relocated from downtown Detroit, establishing its corporate headquarters in Southfield, Michigan.[7]
In 1981, Federal-Mogul Arrowhead parts were implemented in the NASA space shuttle launch.[7]
In 1981, the company attempted to patent a process for curing rubber based on the mathematical equation written by Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius in 1889. The US Patent Office rejected Federal-Mogul's claim, on the basis that neither a formula, as a law of nature, nor a computer program based on such a formula, could be patented.[9] That same year, the company won a claim in the Supreme Court to the patent.
In 1998, the company acquired Cooper Industries and brands including Anco wiper blades, Champion ignition, MOOG chassis, Wagner and Abex friction, and Wagner and Blazer lighting.[10]
That same year, Federal-Mogul also acquired Turner & Newall, a building materials company based in Manchester, UK. Turner & Newall was one of the world's largest manufacturers of asbestos-related products, including those made with blue crocidolite asbestos mined in South Africa. Turner & Newall was responsible for the Armley asbestos disaster in Leeds, UK. After the acquisition, Federal-Mogul set aside approximately $2.1 billion to cover asbestos-related claims but that amount provide insufficient.[11] The large number of products liability claims that came with this acquisition were largely responsible for Federal-Mogul's federal Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in 2002.[12]
During the company’s restructuring, Federal-Mogul Corporation acquired multiple companies including Robert G. Evans Co., Hanauer Machine Works, Inc., Metaltec, Inc., Mather Co. and Fel-Pro, Inc.[13] The company emerged from Chapter 11 reorganization in January 2008 and in April 2008, the company listed Class A common stock on NASDAQ under the trading symbol FDML.[13]
In June 2010, Federal-Mogul expanded further into Asia by opening a headquarters and technical center in Shanghai, China.[14] The Asia Pacific headquarters and technical center facility contains powertrain dynamometers and vehicle braking test cells among other processes.[14] The location allows for increased technical support to powertrain and vehicle customers as well as technology development.[14]
Federal-Mogul acquired Daros Group in June 2010, a privately owned supplier of pistons for large bore engines used in industrial energy generation and commercial shipping.[15] The acquisition of the group included operations in China, Sweden and Germany.[15] The purchase of Daros added two-stroke and four-stroke piston ring products to Federal-Mogul’s portfolio of industrial piston rings.[15]




Technical Center, Ann Arbor, Michigan


In December 2010 Barcelona (Spain) warehouse was shut down and moved to Madrid.
In March 2012, Federal-Mogul’s board of directors announced its decision to modify the company’s corporate structure to create separate Powertrain and Vehicle Components segments, each with its own CEO.[16] Rainer Jueckstock, former senior vice president of the company's Powertrain Energy business, was named CEO for the Powertrain segment effective April 1, 2012.[16] In February 2014, Daniel A. Ninivaggi was appointed CEO of the Federal-Mogul Vehicle Components segment (VCS).
In July 2012, Federal-Mogul announced a definitive agreement to purchase the BERU spark-plug business from BorgWarner Inc.[17]
In September 2014, the company formally announced the long pending modification to the company's corporate structure would be a split into two separate companies, Federal-Mogul Powertrain, and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The Powertrain division will focus on the manufacturing and selling of OEM auto parts while the Motorparts division focuses on selling aftermarket parts. Each individual company has their own CEO and corporate level staff that will continue to report to the board of directors of Federal-Mogul Holding Corporation. The company expects the split to be completed in the first half of 2015 pending regulatory approval.[18]
In 2014, Honeywell completed the $155 million sale of its friction materials business to Federal Mogul Corp.
In February 2017, Ninivaggi was promoted to CEO of the Icahn Automotive Group, LLC. Brad Norton was promoted to CEO of Federal-Mogul Motorparts as his replacement.
Company divisions[edit]
Federal-Mogul Powertrain designs and manufacturers original equipment powertrain components and system protection products in the United States and internationally, its diversified production line consists of various products, ranging from powdered metal parts to space suits, including engine bearings, pistons, piston pins, piston rings, cylinder liners, valve seats and guides, spark plugs, ignition coils, transmission products, technical textiles and connecting rods.[4] Bower Roller Bearing Division was a major supplier of bearings for missiles and aircraft, and for many other industries — automotive, construction machinery, machine tool and farm equipment.[19]
Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes products under more than 20 brands in the global vehicle aftermarket, including ANCO wiper blades; Bentley-Harris protection solutions; Champion spark plugs, wipers and filters, BERU glow plugs; AE, Fel-Pro, Goetze, Nural, Glyco and Payen engine products; MOOG steering and suspension parts; and Ferodo and Wagner brake products.[2]
Awards[edit]
Federal-Mogul has received 16 Automotive News PACE Awards. [20] The awards are for automotive suppliers that show innovation, technological advancement and business performance.[21] Federal-Mogul received their first PACE Award in 2003; their most recent was awarded in 2016.
References[edit]



^ a b c d "Federal-Mogul - Investors - SEC Filings". corporate-ir.net. 
^ a b "FEDERAL-MOGUL TO PRESENT INNOVATIVE RANGE OF EFFICIENCY-ENHANCING TECHNOLOGIES AT THE 2012 IAA COMMERCIAL VEHICLE SHOW IN SEPTEMBER". Reuters. Retrieved 2 August 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Turner, Tyya N. (2005). Vault guide to the top manufacturing employers. New York, NY: Vault Inc. pp. 108–112. ISBN 1-58131-324-1. 
^ a b c d e Klier, Thomas H; Rubenstein, James N. (2008). Who really made your car? Restructuring and geographic change in the auto industry. Kalamazoo, MI: W. E. Upjohn Institute. pp. 68–69. ISBN 978-0-88099-333-3. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "1899-1940: Founded on Innovation". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b "1941-1956: Diversifying for Success". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b c d "1957-1974 Going Global". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Morton, Hudson T. (1965). Anti-friction Bearings. Ann Arbor, MI: Hudson T. Morton. p. 465. 
^ "Computer-aided processes are patently confusing". New Scientist. 89 (1244): 678. 12 March 2008. ISSN 0262-4079. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffery (1998). The Legend of Federal-Mogul. Florida: Write Stuff Enterprises, Inc. p. 151. ISBN 0-945903-44-8. 
^ "Federal-Mogul Corporation". 2014-06-10. 
^ Federal Mogul:" Wheeling & Dealing in Asbestos Liability, Environmental Working Group website
^ a b "1975-2011 A Bright Future". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Opens Shanghai Headquarters and Technical Center". eBearing News. Retrieved 3 August 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Buys Piston Ring Caster Daros". American Foundry Society. 25 June 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2012. 
^ a b "Federal-Mogul Says Rainer Jueckstock To Succeed Jose Maria Alapont As CEO". RTT News. 12 March 2012. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Walsh, Dustin (3 July 2012). "Federal-Mogul acquisition of BorgWarner's Beru spark plug unit expected to boost sales $80 million". Crains Detroit Business. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Clothier, Mark (3 September 2014). "Icahn’s Federal-Mogul to Split Motorparts, Powertrain". Bloomberg. 
^ Searing heat, frigid cold torture missile bearings. // Aviation Week & Space Technology, May 2, 1960, v. 72, no. 18, p. 14.
^ . Crain Communications http://www.autonews.com/assets/html/pace_award/past_winners.html. Retrieved 13 September 2016.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "2013 Automotive News PACE Awards". Crain Communications Inc. Retrieved 13 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Federal-Mogul Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Federal-Mogul&oldid=791430036"					
Categories: Companies that have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcyCompanies based in Southfield, MichiganAuto parts suppliers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1899Companies listed on NASDAQAsbestos1899 establishments in MichiganHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from June 2014Articles with a promotional tone from June 2014All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from June 2014Articles lacking reliable references from March 2017Use mdy dates from January 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Federal-Mogul - Wikipedia





















 






Federal-Mogul

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






A major contributor to this article appears to have a close connection with its subject. It may require cleanup to comply with Wikipedia's content policies, particularly neutral point of view. Please discuss further on the talk page. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: FDML


Industry
Auto parts


Founded
1899; 118 years ago (1899)
as the Muzzy-Lyon Company


Headquarters
Southfield, Michigan, United States



Key people

Carl Icahn, Chairman of the Board
Rainer Jückstock, CEO, Federal-Mogul Powertrain
Brad Norton, CEO, Federal-Mogul Motorparts


Products
Pistons, Rings, Pins, Liners, Valve Seats and Guides, Ignition, Bearings, Bushings, Heat shields, Sealing, Systems Protection, Transmission, Brake, Chassis, Wiper products


Revenue
 US$7.317 billion (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$168 million) (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$7.067 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$806 million (2014)[1]



Number of employees

48,600 (December 31, 2014)


Website
www.federalmogul.com


Federal-Mogul Corporation is an American developer, manufacturer and supplier of products for automotive, commercial, aerospace, marine, rail and off-road vehicles; and industrial, agricultural and power-generation applications.[2][unreliable source?]
Federal-Mogul operates two independent business divisions, called Federal-Mogul Powertrain and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The two divisions each have their own chief executive officer.



Contents


1 History
2 Company divisions
3 Awards
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Federal-Mogul was founded in Detroit in 1899 by J. Howard Muzzy and Edward F. Lyon as the Muzzy Lyon Company.[3] Muzzy and Lyon went into business together producing mill supplies and rubber goods.[3] In addition, the partners formed a subsidiary called Mogul Metal Company where they launched various bearing innovations.[4][3][5][unreliable source?] Muzzy Lyon began producing bearings made from their own Babbitt metal called Mogul, an alloy of tin, antimony and copper.[4][3][5] The product was trademarked under “Mogul” and “Duro”.[4][3][5] In addition to Babbitt metal, Muzzy and Lyon invented a process of custom die-casting bearings.[5]
The Muzzy Lyon Company bearings business proved successful in the early 1900s and became the pair's main concern, with Buick as one of their earliest customers.[3] The Muzzy Lyon Company later merged with an engine bearings and bushings manufacturing company, Federal Bearings and Bushings Corporation.[5] Federal Bearings & Bushings Co. was founded in 1915 by a group of Detroit businessmen.[4] In 1924, the Muzzy Lyon Company and Federal Bearings and Bushing merged to become Federal-Mogul Corporation.[5] The combined company also manufactured bronze bearings, a product the Muzzy Lyon Company did not supply.
Federal Mogul established a research division in 1929, with the help of Battelle Memorial Institute.[5] During the depression, Federal-Mogul invested in the Equi-Poise propeller division.[5]
In 1932, the company developed a new alloy called C-100, one of the first new bearing materials since the discovery of Babbitt metal.[5] The Federal-Mogul research team revamped the C-100 in 1934 to create a C-50 alloy.[5]
In 1955, the company acquired National Motor Bearing Company, resulting in a company name change to Federal-Mogul Bower.[6]
In the late 1950s, the company opened business operations in Switzerland.[5] In 1962, the company opened established an overseas service center in Antwerp, Belgium.[7] In 1963, Federal-Mogul Bower’s Arrowhead division manufactured components for NASA’s Saturn launch vehicle.[7]
In April 1965, Federal-Mogul Bower merged with Sterling Aluminum Products. The combined company was renamed the Federal-Mogul Corporation.[6][8]
In 1966, Federal-Mogul Corporation relocated from downtown Detroit, establishing its corporate headquarters in Southfield, Michigan.[7]
In 1981, Federal-Mogul Arrowhead parts were implemented in the NASA space shuttle launch.[7]
In 1981, the company attempted to patent a process for curing rubber based on the mathematical equation written by Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius in 1889. The US Patent Office rejected Federal-Mogul's claim, on the basis that neither a formula, as a law of nature, nor a computer program based on such a formula, could be patented.[9] That same year, the company won a claim in the Supreme Court to the patent.
In 1998, the company acquired Cooper Industries and brands including Anco wiper blades, Champion ignition, MOOG chassis, Wagner and Abex friction, and Wagner and Blazer lighting.[10]
That same year, Federal-Mogul also acquired Turner & Newall, a building materials company based in Manchester, UK. Turner & Newall was one of the world's largest manufacturers of asbestos-related products, including those made with blue crocidolite asbestos mined in South Africa. Turner & Newall was responsible for the Armley asbestos disaster in Leeds, UK. After the acquisition, Federal-Mogul set aside approximately $2.1 billion to cover asbestos-related claims but that amount provide insufficient.[11] The large number of products liability claims that came with this acquisition were largely responsible for Federal-Mogul's federal Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in 2002.[12]
During the company’s restructuring, Federal-Mogul Corporation acquired multiple companies including Robert G. Evans Co., Hanauer Machine Works, Inc., Metaltec, Inc., Mather Co. and Fel-Pro, Inc.[13] The company emerged from Chapter 11 reorganization in January 2008 and in April 2008, the company listed Class A common stock on NASDAQ under the trading symbol FDML.[13]
In June 2010, Federal-Mogul expanded further into Asia by opening a headquarters and technical center in Shanghai, China.[14] The Asia Pacific headquarters and technical center facility contains powertrain dynamometers and vehicle braking test cells among other processes.[14] The location allows for increased technical support to powertrain and vehicle customers as well as technology development.[14]
Federal-Mogul acquired Daros Group in June 2010, a privately owned supplier of pistons for large bore engines used in industrial energy generation and commercial shipping.[15] The acquisition of the group included operations in China, Sweden and Germany.[15] The purchase of Daros added two-stroke and four-stroke piston ring products to Federal-Mogul’s portfolio of industrial piston rings.[15]




Technical Center, Ann Arbor, Michigan


In December 2010 Barcelona (Spain) warehouse was shut down and moved to Madrid.
In March 2012, Federal-Mogul’s board of directors announced its decision to modify the company’s corporate structure to create separate Powertrain and Vehicle Components segments, each with its own CEO.[16] Rainer Jueckstock, former senior vice president of the company's Powertrain Energy business, was named CEO for the Powertrain segment effective April 1, 2012.[16] In February 2014, Daniel A. Ninivaggi was appointed CEO of the Federal-Mogul Vehicle Components segment (VCS).
In July 2012, Federal-Mogul announced a definitive agreement to purchase the BERU spark-plug business from BorgWarner Inc.[17]
In September 2014, the company formally announced the long pending modification to the company's corporate structure would be a split into two separate companies, Federal-Mogul Powertrain, and Federal-Mogul Motorparts. The Powertrain division will focus on the manufacturing and selling of OEM auto parts while the Motorparts division focuses on selling aftermarket parts. Each individual company has their own CEO and corporate level staff that will continue to report to the board of directors of Federal-Mogul Holding Corporation. The company expects the split to be completed in the first half of 2015 pending regulatory approval.[18]
In 2014, Honeywell completed the $155 million sale of its friction materials business to Federal Mogul Corp.
In February 2017, Ninivaggi was promoted to CEO of the Icahn Automotive Group, LLC. Brad Norton was promoted to CEO of Federal-Mogul Motorparts as his replacement.
Company divisions[edit]
Federal-Mogul Powertrain designs and manufacturers original equipment powertrain components and system protection products in the United States and internationally, its diversified production line consists of various products, ranging from powdered metal parts to space suits, including engine bearings, pistons, piston pins, piston rings, cylinder liners, valve seats and guides, spark plugs, ignition coils, transmission products, technical textiles and connecting rods.[4] Bower Roller Bearing Division was a major supplier of bearings for missiles and aircraft, and for many other industries — automotive, construction machinery, machine tool and farm equipment.[19]
Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes products under more than 20 brands in the global vehicle aftermarket, including ANCO wiper blades; Bentley-Harris protection solutions; Champion spark plugs, wipers and filters, BERU glow plugs; AE, Fel-Pro, Goetze, Nural, Glyco and Payen engine products; MOOG steering and suspension parts; and Ferodo and Wagner brake products.[2]
Awards[edit]
Federal-Mogul has received 16 Automotive News PACE Awards. [20] The awards are for automotive suppliers that show innovation, technological advancement and business performance.[21] Federal-Mogul received their first PACE Award in 2003; their most recent was awarded in 2016.
References[edit]



^ a b c d "Federal-Mogul - Investors - SEC Filings". corporate-ir.net. 
^ a b "FEDERAL-MOGUL TO PRESENT INNOVATIVE RANGE OF EFFICIENCY-ENHANCING TECHNOLOGIES AT THE 2012 IAA COMMERCIAL VEHICLE SHOW IN SEPTEMBER". Reuters. Retrieved 2 August 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Turner, Tyya N. (2005). Vault guide to the top manufacturing employers. New York, NY: Vault Inc. pp. 108–112. ISBN 1-58131-324-1. 
^ a b c d e Klier, Thomas H; Rubenstein, James N. (2008). Who really made your car? Restructuring and geographic change in the auto industry. Kalamazoo, MI: W. E. Upjohn Institute. pp. 68–69. ISBN 978-0-88099-333-3. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "1899-1940: Founded on Innovation". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b "1941-1956: Diversifying for Success". Federal-Mogul Corporation. 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-06. 
^ a b c d "1957-1974 Going Global". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Morton, Hudson T. (1965). Anti-friction Bearings. Ann Arbor, MI: Hudson T. Morton. p. 465. 
^ "Computer-aided processes are patently confusing". New Scientist. 89 (1244): 678. 12 March 2008. ISSN 0262-4079. 
^ Rodengen, Jeffery (1998). The Legend of Federal-Mogul. Florida: Write Stuff Enterprises, Inc. p. 151. ISBN 0-945903-44-8. 
^ "Federal-Mogul Corporation". 2014-06-10. 
^ Federal Mogul:" Wheeling & Dealing in Asbestos Liability, Environmental Working Group website
^ a b "1975-2011 A Bright Future". Federal-Mogul Corporation History. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Opens Shanghai Headquarters and Technical Center". eBearing News. Retrieved 3 August 2012. 
^ a b c "Federal-Mogul Buys Piston Ring Caster Daros". American Foundry Society. 25 June 2010. Retrieved 27 July 2012. 
^ a b "Federal-Mogul Says Rainer Jueckstock To Succeed Jose Maria Alapont As CEO". RTT News. 12 March 2012. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Walsh, Dustin (3 July 2012). "Federal-Mogul acquisition of BorgWarner's Beru spark plug unit expected to boost sales $80 million". Crains Detroit Business. Retrieved 1 August 2012. 
^ Clothier, Mark (3 September 2014). "Icahn’s Federal-Mogul to Split Motorparts, Powertrain". Bloomberg. 
^ Searing heat, frigid cold torture missile bearings. // Aviation Week & Space Technology, May 2, 1960, v. 72, no. 18, p. 14.
^ . Crain Communications http://www.autonews.com/assets/html/pace_award/past_winners.html. Retrieved 13 September 2016.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "2013 Automotive News PACE Awards". Crain Communications Inc. Retrieved 13 September 2016. 



External links[edit]

Federal-Mogul Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Federal-Mogul&oldid=791430036"					
Categories: Companies that have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcyCompanies based in Southfield, MichiganAuto parts suppliers of the United StatesCompanies established in 1899Companies listed on NASDAQAsbestos1899 establishments in MichiganHidden categories: Pages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWikipedia articles with possible conflicts of interest from June 2014Articles with a promotional tone from June 2014All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from June 2014Articles lacking reliable references from March 2017Use mdy dates from January 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 06:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Federal-Mogul Corporation





































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us




















Company Overview





















Company Overview
Corporate Leaders
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance

Code of Conduct
Audit Committee Charter
Code of Ethics
Corporate Governance


Culture and Diversity
Corporate Social Responsibility

CSR Report
From Our CEOs
People
Environment
Products


Policy Documents
Material Safety Data
Technology Innovation & Licensing
History





Module Contents2














Module ContentsOur Company
Federal-Mogul LLC is an innovative and diversified global supplier of quality products, trusted brands and creative solutions to manufacturers of automotive, light commercial, heavy-duty and off-highway vehicles, as well as in power generation, aerospace, marine, rail and industrial. Federal-Mogul operates with two business divisions, each with a chief executive officer reporting to Federal-Mogul’s Board of Directors.  Federal-Mogul Powertrain focuses on original equipment powertrain products for automotive, heavy-duty and industrial applications; Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes a broad portfolio of products in the global vehicle aftermarket, while also serving original equipment (OE/OES) manufacturers with vehicle products including brake friction, chassis, wipers and other components. For more than a century, Federal-Mogul has developed the innovative products our customers need to produce the next generation of vehicles. The company continues to develop innovations to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance durability through global engineering, manufacturing, distribution and customer service programs.  Federal-Mogul is the preferred partner for its global customers.














Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages







Federal-Mogul Powertrain Debuts New Pokal Industrial Spark Plug  









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In












Federal-Mogul Powertrain Debuts New Pokal Industrial Spark Plug 




















March 09, 2017 08:00 ET

 | Source: Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation

photo-release




Federal-Mogul Powertrain Pokal Industrial Spark Plug


 

Federal-Mogul Powertrain’s new Pokal industrial spark plug has unprecedented mechanical and electrical strength, thanks to a new ‘u-shaped’ core nose on the insulator.

© 2017 Federal-Mogul LLC





Unique insulator core nose design provides unprecedented mechanical and electrical strength SOUTHFIELD, Mich., March  09, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Federal-Mogul Powertrain has introduced a new industrial spark plug that has unprecedented mechanical and electrical strength, thanks to a new ‘u-shaped’ core nose on the insulator. The Pokal spark plug offers increased robustness for use in new engine applications with high peak cylinder pressures while also enabling the use of larger electrodes, providing increased service life and enhanced performance. “The geometric constraints of a 14mm plug make it more difficult to meet the levels of robustness and durability possible with an 18mm product, but we have achieved this with our new Pokal spark plug,” said Gian Maria Olivetti, Chief Technology Officer, Federal-Mogul Powertrain. “The unique shape of the insulator core nose increases its resistance to mechanical pressure waves, allowing OEMs to use more aggressive combustion strategies for improved engine efficiency without reducing spark plug life.” Conventional insulators have a conical nose, the shape of which defines the heat range of the plug and ultimately limits the thermal extraction and electrical properties. The nose of the Pokal spark plug incorporates a cup-shaped cavity around the center electrode, improving both the electrical and mechanical strength.  This shape allows the plug to better withstand increased voltage demand requirements, in addition to a more aggressive combustion setting with higher peak cylinder pressures. The Pokal spark plug has been released for use in engines rated between 100 KW and 600 KW and has been in production since 2016. Its first application is with a major European industrial engine manufacturer, but the technology is of interest worldwide for marine, off-highway and stationary industrial engines using gaseous fuels, including natural gas, landfill gas and bio-gas. “There is significant market demand for cost-effective plugs wrapped in M14 packaging, but they must be technically capable in order to meet increasing efficiency and service life requirements of current and future engine applications,” explained Andrew Stamper, Director, Global Sales and Engineering, Industrial Ignition, Federal-Mogul Powertrain. “Federal-Mogul Powertrain’s Pokal spark plug brings a new, higher level of capability and robustness offering to this important market sector.” Federal-Mogul Powertrain’s industrial ignition products are sold under the Federal-Mogul and Champion® brands globally, and are industry-leading technologies servicing all heavy-duty and environmentally friendly industrial gasoline engine segments, including on- and off-highway, marine, power generation and compression/pumping.  Champion was the first to pioneer ignition products for heavy-duty and industrial applications and, for over 100 years, is still driving the market in product excellence. About Federal-Mogul Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC is a leading global supplier of products and services to the world’s manufacturers and servicers of vehicles and equipment in the automotive, light, medium and heavy-duty commercial, marine, rail, aerospace, power generation and industrial markets. The company’s products and services enable improved fuel economy, reduced emissions and enhanced vehicle safety. Federal-Mogul operates two independent business divisions, each with a chief executive officer reporting to Federal-Mogul's Board of Directors. Federal-Mogul Powertrain designs and manufactures original equipment powertrain components and systems protection products for automotive, heavy-duty, industrial and transport applications. Federal-Mogul Motorparts sells and distributes a broad portfolio of products through more than 20 of the world’s most recognized brands in the global vehicle aftermarket, while also serving original equipment vehicle manufacturers with products including braking, wipers and a range of chassis components. The company’s aftermarket brands include ANCO® wiper blades; Beck/Arnley® premium OE quality parts and fluids ; BERU®* ignition systems; Champion® lighting, spark plugs, wipers and filters; Interfil® filters; AE®, Fel-Pro®, FP Diesel®, Goetze®, Glyco®, Nüral®, Payen® and Sealed Power® engine products; MOOG® chassis components; and Ferodo®, Jurid® and Wagner® brake products and lighting. Federal-Mogul was founded in Detroit in 1899 and maintains its worldwide headquarters in Southfield, Michigan. The Company has nearly 53,000 employees in 24 countries. For more information, please visit www.federalmogul.com. *BERU is a registered trademark of BorgWarner Ludwigsburg GmbH A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/27529b2b-f9c5-413f-8d93-525ef65d09b6.  CONTACT:

Ursula Hellstern
Federal-Mogul Powertrain Communications
+49 (611) 201 9190
ursula.hellstern@federalmogul.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation


MOOG® Brand Honored by Advance Auto Parts for eCatalog Content Excellence
May 23, 2017 11:00


MOOG® Steering and Suspension Brand Introduces New Control Arm Bump Stop, Expands Coverage in April
May 22, 2017 11:00


Federal-Mogul Motorparts’ Garage Gurus™ to Host First Facebook Live Event on May 9
May 04, 2017 11:00


Care to Share a Recent Auto-Related ‘Fail?’ You Could Win Up to $500 in #PartsMatter Monthly Sweepstakes
May 02, 2017 09:00


Federal-Mogul Motorparts Announces Leadership Changes
April 18, 2017 14:40






439



other news releases in

Product / Services Announcement

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Southfield, Michigan, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
CONTACT:

Ursula Hellstern
Federal-Mogul Powertrain Communications
+49 (611) 201 9190
ursula.hellstern@federalmogul.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Federal-Mogul Powertrain Pokal Industrial Spark Plug


(JPEG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Federal-Mogul Powertrain’s new Pokal industrial spark plug has unprecedented mechanical and electrical strength, thanks to a new ‘u-shaped’ core nose on the insulator.





© 2017 Federal-Mogul LLC



Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small


























Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.









Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Automobile Parts Manufacturing Industry Report


Machinery Manufacturing Industry Report


Semiconductor & Other Electronic Component Manufacturing Industry Report


Search, Detection, Navigation & Guidance System Manufacturing Industry Report


Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing Industry Report















Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Iron and steel forgings, nsk







Financials Information for Federal-Mogul Holdings LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$7434.0


Gross Profit
$0.0


Operating Income
$0.0


Net Income
$90.0


Diluted EPS
$0.0










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$880.0


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























	Federal-Mogul Corporation




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us



















  
 
OE Pistons • Sealing • Systems Protection • Bearings • Ignition Rings & Liners • Valve Seats and Guides • Valvetra​in 
 
 
OE Braking • Chassis • Wipers Aftermarket Components







Module Contents 
 
 
 
 
















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages





	Federal-Mogul Corporation




































































English


English
Chinese













Financials


Media


Suppliers


Company


FAQ


Contact Us



















  
 
OE Pistons • Sealing • Systems Protection • Bearings • Ignition Rings & Liners • Valve Seats and Guides • Valvetra​in 
 
 
OE Braking • Chassis • Wipers Aftermarket Components







Module Contents 
 
 
 
 
















Explore Federal-Mogul Powertrain 

Careers









                              
                              

Explore Federal-Mogul Motorparts 

Careers













©2017 Federal-Mogul LLC |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer |
Social Media |
Modern Slavery Policy





































FM_Corporate_pub.master
Pages



Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
