  MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company - Federated                                         Website Sign In     Customer Service   My Investments   Careers   Literature and Forms     search             Home     Products▼      Mutual Funds     Managed Accounts     Institutional Separate Accounts     Non-U.S. Products     Closed-End Funds     Collective Investment Funds     Variable Annuity Funds     Private Funds          Market Views▼      Videos     Equity     Fixed Income     Cash Management     International     Federated Perspectives     Infographics          Retirement▼      Investments     Platforms     Fiduciary Support     Retirement Resources     Insurance     Recent Advisor Communications     Sales Team          Resources▼      Investing Education     Calculators     Fiduciary Luminary     Morningstar Hypothetical Tool     Advisor Resources      Asset Allocation & Market Calls      Webcasts & Conference Calls           About Federated▼      Press Releases     Investor Relations     Media Appearances     Our History     SEC Filings                      MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company        Why MDT? At MDT, we build well-diversified equity portfolios for our clients, covering the full spectrum of U.S. public equities. Our portfolios aim for high alpha with lower volatility relative to the market. All of our strategies, whether core or style-specific, tax-aware or non-tax-aware, utilize the same consistent, disciplined Optimum Q process, our unique approach to investing in U.S. equities. Its objective in all strategies is the same: exploit multiple market inefficiencies and outperform the appropriate benchmark with moderate relative risk -- “a smoother ride” for our clients. Investment process Our process analyzes all of the companies in a strategy’s universe every day, using stock selection factors to assess their growth, value, and quality characteristics. Advanced, proprietary software based on sound financial theory is used to identify the companies that are most likely to outperform. Using quantitative technology allows us to sort through thousands of companies every day in order to find opportunities for our clients’ portfolios. When building client portfolios, multiple levels of risk control are employed to ensure that the model’s alpha is achieved with the lowest tracking error possible. There are limits on individual company weights and on deviations from benchmark sector weights, and company correlations driven by factor exposures are monitored as well. Trade decisions are fully transparent and reviewed by the investment team in an effort to ensure that all trades are based on accurate and current information. Product availability We offer our strategies in institutional separate accounts, managed accounts (SMA), and mutual funds. Please use the links provided in the upper right for more information.   Important Disclosure Information      Learn More About MDT Advisers   MDT Home   MDT Institutional Accounts   MDT Managed Accounts   MDT Mutual Funds   MDT Team   MDT Careers   Contact MDT                                                       122548          Copyright © 2017 Federated Investors, Inc.    Site Map   Fund Governance   Privacy Policy   Security Policy   Contact Us   Mobile     Connect with us:                       

Federated MDTA LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































federated mdta llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Federated MDTA LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company offers cash management, mutual funds, equities, retirement plans, insurance, asset allocation, and financial planning services. Federated MDTA serves customers in the State of Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

125 High Street
Oliver Street Tower 21st Floor
Boston, MA 02110
United States


Phone:
1-617-235-7100


Fax:
1-617-235-7199


Web url:
www.federatedinvestors.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


John Donahue
Federated Investors Inc








Vice Chairman
Company


Gordon Ceresino
Federated Investors Inc








President/CEO
Company


John Fisher
Federated Global Investment Management Corp/de








Board Members
Company


Thomas Donahue
Federated Securities Corp


























From The Web











Key Executives


John Christopher Donahue


Chairman




Gordon Joseph Ceresino


Vice Chairman




John Basil Fisher


President/CEO




Stephen Frank Auth


Chief Investment Officer




Stephen Van Meter


Chief Compliance Officer




Edward Stuart Foss


Senior VP/COO




Richard Anthony Novak


Treasurer




George Frank Magera


Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Federated Mdta LLC                                                                                                       - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Federated Mdta LLC
                                    



 





















F 


Federated Mdta LLC                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



125 HIGH ST STE 2120 BOSTON, MA 02110
Get Directions



(617) 235-7100
www.mdtadvisers.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $5,515,558.00
 Employee Count 40
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Gordon Ceresino                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















News on Federated MDTA LLC


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        Federated MDTA LLC                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Federated MDTA LLC











Federated Investors, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Earnings


                                April 27, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... 2016. Top-selling equity funds during Q1 2017 on a net basis included Federated MDT Small Cap Core Fund, Federated Clover Small Value Fund, Federated MDT ...
                                









MDT Releases High-resolution 50DPI TMR Magnetic Image Sensors: New TMR Magnetic Image Sensors Enable Advanced Magnetic Image Scanning for Banknote Validation and Non-Destructive Testing


                                May 11, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... MultiDimension TechnologyCo., Ltd. (MDT), a leading supplier of magnetic sensors specializing in Tunneling Magnetoresistance (TMR) technology, ...
                                









Federated Investors, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2014 Earnings: Financial report


                                October 23, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... available through Federated Global Investment Management Corp., Federated Investment Counseling and Federated MDTA LLC, each a registered investment adviser. Certain statements in this press release, ...
                                









Federated Investors, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2014 Earnings; Equity Managed Assets Reach a Record $50 Billion


                                July 24, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... available through Federated Global Investment Management Corp., Federated Investment Counseling and Federated MDTA LLC, each a registered investment adviser. Certain statements in this press release, ...
                                









Federated Investors, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2014 Earnings


                                April 24, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... available through Federated Global Investment Management Corp., Federated Investment Counseling and Federated MDTA LLC, each a registered investment adviser. Certain statements in this press release, ...
                                









MDT Offers Foundry Service and IP Licensing for Magnetic Sensors


                                November 20, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... MDT Offers Foundry Service and IP Licensing for Magnetic Sensors . MDT Offers Foundry Service and IP Licensing for Magnetic Sensors MDT's Strong IP ...
                                









MDT Reveals Z-Axis TMR Sensors for eCompass and Current Sensors


                                November 18, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... MDT Reveals Z-Axis TMR Sensors for eCompass and Current Sensors . MDT Reveals Z-Axis TMR Sensors for eCompass and Current Sensors MultiDimension TechnologyCo., Ltd. ...
                                









MDT Releases TMR Magnetic Sensors for Banknote Validation


                                September 4, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... MDT Releases TMR Magnetic Sensors for Banknote Validation . MDT Releases TMR Magnetic Sensors for Banknote Validation. New TMR Magnetic Sensors Enable ...
                                









MDT Exhibits Advanced TMR Magnetic Sensors at Sensors Expo 2013


                                June 4, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... MDT Exhibits Advanced TMR Magnetic Sensors at Sensors Expo 2013 . MDT Exhibits Advanced TMR Magnetic Sensors at Sensors Expo 2013. Innovative TMR Technology ...
                                









Federated Investors, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2013 Earnings


                                April 25, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            










UL Expands South Bend, Indiana Laboratory to Add Non-Clinical Testing Capabilities


                                February 12, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... 2011, UL acquired the ISO/IEC 17025 accredited and GLP certified test house MDT (medical device testing GmbH) located in Ochsenhausen, Germany that has operated for ...
                                









UL Expands South Bend, Indiana Laboratory to Add Non-Clinical Testing Capabilities


                                February 12, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... 2011, UL acquired the ISO/IEC 17025 accredited and GLP certified test house MDT (medical device testing GmbH) located in Ochsenhausen, Germany that has operated for ...
                                









UL Expands South Bend, Indiana Laboratory to Add Non-Clinical Testing Capabilities.


                                February 12, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... 2011, UL acquired the ISO/IEC 17025 accredited and GLP certified test house MDT (medical device testing GmbH) located in Ochsenhausen, Germany that has operated for ...
                                









UL Expands South Bend, Indiana Laboratory to Add Non-Clinical Testing Capabilities


                                February 12, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... 2011, UL acquired the ISO/IEC 17025 accredited and GLP certified test house MDT (medical device testing GmbH) located in Ochsenhausen, Germany that has operated for ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving Federated MDTA LLC







Alumni of Federated MDTA LLC







Federated MDTA LLC

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	MDT Trademark of FEDERATED MDTA LLC. Serial Number: 78736470 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MDT










 
Get FREE email alerts













MDT  Trademark Information
 FEDERATED MDTA LLC
Financial investment and management services, namely, distribution and administration of private investment funds for institutional and individual investors; mutual fund investment services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   investment   management   services         distribution   administration   private   investment   funds   institutional   individual   investors   mutual   fund   investment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MDT trademark by FEDERATED MDTA LLC 
                                in Boston, MA, 02110.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MDT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner FEDERATED MDTA LLC of the MDT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MDT trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 19, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MDT by 
                        FEDERATED MDTA LLC, Boston, MA  02110.
                        The USPTO has given the MDT 
                        trademark serial  number of  78736470.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for MDT is 
                        
                        
                                            David J. Byer of 
                                            K&L Gates LLP,  One Lincoln Street, State Street Financial Center Boston, MA 02111
                                .
                            The MDT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MDT 
                            is Financial investment and management services, namely, distribution and administration of private investment funds for institutional and individual investors; mutual fund investment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 MDT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

1/6/2017



  Serial Number:  
78736470


  Filing Date:  
10/19/2005


 Registration Number:  
3226918 


 Registration Date:  
4/10/2007


 Goods and Services: 
Financial investment and management services, namely, distribution and administration of private investment funds for institutional and individual investors; mutual fund investment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/23/2007


Last Applicant/Owner:

FEDERATED MDTA LLCBoston, MA  02110
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


David J. Byer
K&L Gates LLP
One Lincoln Street
State Street Financial Center
Boston, MA 02111





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/1994


First Use In Commerce: 
4/1/1994





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MDT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/6/2017
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



David J. Byer


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MDT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search mdt on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MDT 




MDT is providing Financial investment and management services, namely, distribution and administration of private investment funds for institutional and individual investors; mutual fund investment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















federated mdta llc - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Form An LLC in 3 Steps - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Start Your Business



Ready To Incorporate?



LLC vs. Corporation




Web Results

MDT Advisers | A Federated Advisory Company

www.federatedinvestors.com/FII/leaf/display.do?cid=122548


Investment focus: early-stage information technology ventures.


Federated MDTA LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/.../companies/731060Z:US-federated-mdta-llc


Company profile & key executives for Federated MDTA LLC (731060Z:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Federated MDTA LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Federated MDTA LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


FEDERATED MDTA LLC INCLUDING ITS MDT ADVISERS DIVISION

https://www.lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/FEDERATED MDTA LLC.pdf


BOS-3700428 v14 FEDERATED MDTA LLC (INCLUDING ITS MDT ADVISERS DIVISION) 125 High Street Oliver Street Tower, 21st Floor Boston, Massachusetts 02110


Federated Mdta LLC - Boston , MA - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/federatedmdtallc-boston-ma...


Find the Federated Mdta LLC business profile in Boston ...


FEDERATED MDTA LLC INCLUDING ITS MDT ADVISERS DIVISION

https://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/pdfs/adv/...


FEDERATED MDTA LLC (INCLUDING ITS MDT ADVISERS DIVISION) 125 High Street Oliver Street Tower, 21st Floor Boston, Massachusetts 02110 1-800-685-4277


Federated Mdta, LLC - Boston MA, San Francisco CA, and ...

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/federated-mdta-llc.html


There are 3 companies that go by the name of Federated Mdta, LLC in Boston MA, San Francisco CA, and Wilmington DE


SECGems: Federated MDTA LLC

secgems.com/c/0001056508/federated-mdta-llc


Learn up to the minute information about Federated MDTA LLC - including connections with people/companies, SEC filings (including ownership and fundraising), contact ...


Federated Mdta LLC in Boston, MA | Company Info & Reviews

https://www.bizapedia.com/ma/federated-mdta-llc.html


Discover Company Info on Federated Mdta LLC in Boston, MA, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent.


Federated Mdta Llc in Boston, MA 02110-2735 | FindTheCompany

listings.findthecompany.com/l/21779721/Federated-Mdta-Llc-in-Boston-MA


Federated Mdta Llc is an investment advisor located in Boston, Massachusetts. View phone number, website, employees, products, revenue, and more.










Form An LLC in 3 Steps - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Set Up An LLC Online - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Start Your Business



Ready To Incorporate?



LLC vs. Corporation



12345Next






Answers







2015 Federated Auto Parts 400



The 2015 Federated Auto Parts 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race held on September 12, 2015, at Richmond International Raceway in Richmond,...

more






2014 Federated Auto Parts 400



The 2014 Federated Auto Parts 400 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on September 6, 2014, at Richmond International Raceway...

more






HANTRU-1



Federated States of Micronesia arranged to add extensions to this trunk line for total of $30 million. It has cable landing points Guam Pohnpei,...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








