










 













 




Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund: Board of Directors - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:45 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund INSIDERS ON Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsTitleAgeJohn Donahue   34 RelationshipsPresident and Director68
Other Board Members on Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsType of Board MembersPrimary CompanyAgePeter Madden  15 RelationshipsChairman of the BoardFederated Premier Municipal Income Fund75John Walsh  15 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsPortable Heater Parts Inc.60Thomas O'Neill  17 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsFederated Short-Intermediate Duration Municipal Trust66John Collins  29 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsCollins Group Inc.70Maureen Lally-Green  20 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsCONSOL Energy Inc.68Charles Mansfield Jr.15 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsFederated U.S. Government Securities Fund 2-5 Years - Federated U.S. Government Securities Fund: 2-572P. Richey  10 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsCNX Gas Corporation68
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Connected People on the Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund BoardNameRelationshipsJohn Christopher Donahue  34 RelationshipsJohn T. Collins  29 RelationshipsMaureen E. Lally-Green  20 RelationshipsThomas M. O'Neill  17 RelationshipsJohn S. Walsh  15 Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  XPTFX Quote - Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund   XPTFX:US   NASDAQ GM        10.04USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   10.00 - 10.08    YTD Return   0.40%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   10.04    52Wk Range   10.00 - 10.08    YTD Return   0.40%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Multi Strategy    Asset Class Focus   Alternative    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   10.04    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/27/2017)   71.344    Inception Date   12/09/2016    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   IHAB L SALIB / PATRICK BAYLISS    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.00%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund is a continuously offered (Interval), non-diversified, closed-end management investment company incorpora- ted in the USA. The Fund seks total return primarily from income by investing in trade finance, structured trade, export finance, import finance, supply chain financing and project finance assets of entities, including sovereign entities.    Address  Federated Investors Funds4000 Ericsson DriveWarrendale, PA 15086-7561USA   Phone  1-412-288-1900   Website   www.federatedinvestors.com              





Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund | Tagmydeals - company details










































 
Company
People
Deals




 





Register 
                        Log in 
in




























Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund







company type
Financial institutions


company industry
Financial Services


region
United States






credit rating


N/A




number of deals

Please login to see






Follow company 
Correct data

Share









About us / Product & services
Contact details
Latest articles












Deals
Branches
People



Join tagmydeals & access Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund’s details page. It’s free!
As a tagmydeals member, you will be able:

To see Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund's deals
To see Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund's subsidaries
To see Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund's employees

View Federated Project and Trade Finance Core Fund’s full details page











×




Click here for more information

















































 



 Federated Investors, Inc. Introduces Federated Project and Trade Finance Tender Fund 
         










    










 













 











 



















Federated Investors, Inc. Introduces Federated Project and Trade Finance Tender Fund
        																																
              

          - Builds upon Federated's 10 years of experience in managing trade finance assets- Alternative strategy features low correlation to equity, fixed-income and commodity market returns
        











 News provided by
Federated Investors, Inc.  
Dec 12, 2016, 08:59 ET









 Share this article




























































PITTSBURGH, Dec. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Federated Investors, Inc. (NYSE:   FII), one of the nation's largest investment managers, today announced the launch of Federated Project and Trade Finance Tender Fund, a closed-end tender offer fund that seeks to provide total return primarily from income by investing in loans or similar investments used to finance domestic and international trade and related infrastructure projects. The fund is non-diversified and will be continuously offered. The loans and similar portfolio investments of the fund will primarily include trade finance, structured trade, export finance, import finance, supply chain financing and similar project finance assets of sovereign, private or other entities. The fund's investments will be originated primarily in, or have exposure to, global emerging markets. 








Trade finance transactions refer to the capital needed to buy or sell, import or export, products or other tangible goods. Project finance transactions are typically used to build something tangible or to expand existing plant capacity to produce more goods for trade.
"Federated has honed the trade finance strategy over the last 10 years and possesses an experienced team of international investing professionals who enlist a thorough process of monitoring, screening, assessing and analyzing transactions to consider for investment," said John B. Fisher, director of Federated and president and chief executive officer of Federated Advisory Companies. "The fund offers investors a rare product with the potential to generate income in a low-yield world, while adjusting with inflation and presenting low correlation with other asset classes."
Christopher P. McGinley, portfolio manager and head of the trade finance team, leads the group of five investment professionals with nearly 80 years combined experience managing approximately $500 million in trade finance assets out of Federated's London office. The portfolio management team reports to Ihab L. Salib, senior portfolio manager and head of the international fixed income group, in Pittsburgh.
The continuously offered closed-end fund's shares are available to investors at net asset value and are not traded on an exchange. Purchases are processed monthly on the last business day of each month, and typically require 30 days' advance notice (which may be waived in the fund's discretion). At the discretion of the fund's board of trustees and provided that it is in the best interests of the fund and shareholders to do so, the fund intends to provide a limited degree of liquidity to shareholders by conducting repurchase offers generally quarterly. Targeted to investors with a minimum investment amount of $500,000, the fund uses one-month London Inter Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as its benchmark. 
Federated Investors, Inc. is one of the largest investment managers in the United States, managing $364.3 billion in assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. With 123 funds and a variety of separately managed account options, Federated provides comprehensive investment management to approximately 8,500 institutions and intermediaries including corporations, government entities, insurance companies, foundations and endowments, banks and broker/dealers. For more information, visit FederatedInvestors.com.
Fund shares are subject to special risks including risks associated with non-investment grade securities, interest rate risk, prepayment risk, call risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, risks of investing in derivative contracts and hybrid instruments. The fund is not a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the fund. An investment in the fund may not be appropriate for all investors. Investors should consider the fund's objective, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing.  The fund's prospectus, which contains this and other information about the fund, should be read carefully before investing.  A prospectus is available upon request from your financial advisor, or you may obtain a copy from the fund by calling 1-800-341-7400.
Federated Investment Management Company ("FIMCO"), a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated, acts as the fund's investment adviser under an investment advisory agreement. FIMCO has delegated daily management of some or all of the fund assets to Federated Investors (UK) LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England and Wales and a FIMCO affiliate. Federated Advisory Services Company, an affiliate of FIMCO, provides certain support services to FIMCO.
The fund is a newly organized non-diversified closed-end fund with no history of operations and is designed for long-term investors and not as a trading vehicle.
An investment is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount invested and represents an indirect investment in the securities owned by the fund.
See the fund's prospectus for more detailed information on these and other risks, including the risk of investing in trade finance related securities.
Federated Securities Corp.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/federated-investors-inc-introduces-federated-project-and-trade-finance-tender-fund-300376129.html
SOURCE Federated Investors, Inc.
 Related Links

http://FederatedInvestors.com



 












Dec 15, 2016, 10:00 ET
Preview: Month-End Portfolio Data Now Available for Federated Investors' Closed-End Funds













Dec 09, 2016, 08:30 ET
Preview: Federated Investors' Closed-End Municipal Funds Declare Monthly Dividends






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 27, 2017, 16:17 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Federated Investors, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Earnings








 

Jul 17, 2017, 11:05 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Month-End Portfolio Data Now Available for Federated Investors'...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Federated Investors, Inc. Introduces Federated Project and Trade Finance Tender Fund


 News provided by
Federated Investors, Inc.  
Dec 12, 2016, 08:59 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Federated Project & Trade Finance Core Fund - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/220156-federated-project-trade-finance-core-fundsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=220156  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Federated Project & Trade Finance Core FundCompany DetailsGet alertedif Federated Project & Trade Finance Core Fund gets funded!Federated Project & Trade Finance Core FundFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesPennsylvaniaWarrendaleIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 14th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Federated Project & Trade Finance Core Fund gets funded?Key peopleJohn CollinsDirectorJ. Christopher DonahueDirector, Executive OfficerJohn DonahueDirectorLori HenslerExecutive OfficerG. Thomas HoughDirectorMaureen Lally-GreenDirectorPeter MaddenDirectorCharles Mansfield, Jr.DirectorP.  Jerome RicheyDirectorJohn WalshDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!  Federated - EAAC                                        Website Sign In     Customer Service   My Investments   Careers   Literature and Forms     search             Home     Products▼      Mutual Funds     Managed Accounts     Institutional Separate Accounts     Non-U.S. Products     Closed-End Funds     Collective Investment Funds     Variable Annuity Funds     Private Funds          Market Views▼      Videos     Equity     Fixed Income     Cash Management     International     Federated Perspectives     Infographics          Retirement▼      Investments     Platforms     Fiduciary Support     Retirement Resources     Insurance     Recent Advisor Communications     Sales Team          Resources▼      Investing Education     Calculators     Fiduciary Luminary     Morningstar Hypothetical Tool     Advisor Resources      Asset Allocation & Market Calls      Webcasts & Conference Calls           About Federated▼      Press Releases     Investor Relations     Media Appearances     Our History     SEC Filings                     Evaluation and Approval of Advisory Contract     The funds' Senior Officer, who manages the process by which the funds' Board considers the funds' advisory fees, prepares an analysis to assist the Board in this regard, which is summarized in the "Evaluation and Approval of Advisory Contract" for each fund that may be accessed below.           Federated Product Name Current Year Evaluation Prior Year Evaluation      Absolute Return Fund                 Adjustable Rate Securities Fund                 Bank Loan Core Fund                 Bond Fund                 California Municipal Cash Trust                 Capital Income Fund                 Capital Reserves Fund                 Clover Small Value Fund                 Clover Value Fund                 Connecticut Municipal Cash Trust                 Corporate Bond Strategy Portfolio                 Emerging Market Debt Fund                 Emerging Markets Core Fund         —     Emerging Markets Equity Fund                 Equity Advantage Fund                 Equity Income Fund, Inc.                 Floating Rate Strategic Income Fund                 Florida Municipal Cash Trust                 Fund for U.S. Government Securities                 Fund for U.S. Government Securities II                 Georgia Municipal Cash Trust                 Global Allocation Fund                 Global Strategic Value Dividend Fund         —     Global Total Return Bond Fund                 Government Income Securities, Inc.                 Government Income Trust                 Government Money Fund II                 Government Obligations Fund                 Government Obligations Tax-Managed Fund                 Government Reserves Fund                 Government Ultrashort Duration Fund                 High Income Bond Fund II                 High Income Bond Fund, Inc.                 High Yield Bond Portfolio                 High Yield Trust                 High-Yield Strategy Portfolio                 Institutional High Yield Bond Fund                 Institutional Money Market Management                 Institutional Prime 60 Day Fund                 Institutional Prime Obligations Fund                 Institutional Prime Value Obligations Fund                 Institutional Tax-Free Cash Trust                 InterContinental Fund                 Intermediate Corporate Bond Fund                 Intermediate Municipal Trust                 International Bond Strategy Portfolio                 International Dividend Strategy Portfolio                 International Leaders Fund                 International Small-Mid Company Fund                 International Strategic Value Dividend Fund                 Kaufmann Fund                 Kaufmann Fund II                 Kaufmann Large Cap Fund                 Kaufmann Small Cap Fund                 MDT All Cap Core Fund                 MDT Balanced Fund                 MDT Large Cap Growth Fund                 MDT Large Cap Value Fund                 MDT Mid Cap Growth Fund                 MDT Small Cap Core Fund                 MDT Small Cap Growth Fund                 Managed Risk Fund                 Managed Tail Risk Fund II                 Managed Volatility Fund II                 Massachusetts Municipal Cash Trust                 Max-Cap Index Fund                 Michigan Intermediate Municipal Trust                 Michigan Municipal Cash Trust                 Mid-Cap Index Fund                 Minnesota Municipal Cash Trust                 Mortgage Core Portfolio                 Mortgage Fund                 Mortgage Strategy Portfolio                 Muni and Stock Advantage Fund                 Municipal High Yield Advantage Fund                 Municipal Obligations Fund                 Municipal Bond Fund, Inc.                 Municipal Trust                 Municipal Ultrashort Fund                 New Jersey Municipal Cash Trust                 New York Municipal Cash Trust                 New York Municipal Income Fund                 North Carolina Municipal Cash Trust                 Ohio Municipal Cash Trust                 Ohio Municipal Income Fund                 Pennsylvania Municipal Cash Trust                 Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund                 Prime Cash Obligations Fund                 Project and Trade Finance Tender Fund         —     Project and Trade Finance Core Fund                 Prudent Bear Fund                 Prudent DollarBear Fund                 Quality Bond Fund II                 Real Return Bond Fund                 Short-Intermediate Duration Municipal Trust                 Short-Intermediate Total Return Bond Fund                 Short-Term Income Fund                 Strategic Income Fund                 Strategic Value Dividend Fund                 Tax-Free Obligations Fund                 Total Return Bond Fund                 Total Return Government Bond Fund                 Treasury Obligations Fund                 Trust for U.S. Treasury Obligations                 U.S. Government Securities Fund: 1-3 Years                 U.S. Government Securities Fund: 2-5 Years                 U.S. Treasury Cash Reserves                 Ultrashort Bond Fund                 Virginia Municipal Cash Trust                                                                         Copyright © 2017 Federated Investors, Inc.    Site Map   Fund Governance   Privacy Policy   Security Policy   Contact Us   Mobile     Connect with us:                       


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









