










 


    Robert Feeser | MWV Netherlands B.V. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Robert A Feeser - York, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert A Feeser in York, PA


Robert A Feeser

                                                                                                   Intelius found that Robert A Feeser  is  between 100 and 110 years old from York, PA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert A Feeser is in his 100s

Robert Has Lived In

York, PA

Robert's Relatives

Mildred Feeser
Jane Wood
William Feeser
Kenneth Feeser







Robert A Feeser



Zodiac SignPisces



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert A Feeser
Get a Criminal Check on Robert A Feeser
Get a Public Record Report on Robert A Feeser
Get a People Search Report on Robert A Feeser


Robert A Feeser's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert A Feeser has lived as well as Robert A Feeser's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert A Feeser Has Lived in 1 States
Pennsylvania Address for Robert A Feeser


1925 W**** S* 

York, PA


Has Lived In

York, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert A Feeser

(717) ***-**** - York, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert A Feeser



Get Email Report




Robert A Feeser's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert A Feeser


Robert A Feeser's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert A Feeser's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Feeser
Username Matches

                  RobertFeeser
                  FeeserRobert
                  Robert.Feeser
                  Feeser.Robert
                  Robert_Feeser
                  Feeser_Robert
                  Robert-Feeser
                  Feeser-Robert
                  RFeeser
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Feeser







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Robert A. Feeser: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:45 PM ET
Containers and Packaging

Company Overview of WestRock Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert A. Feeser  President of Consumer Packaging, WestRock CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.55$3,285,133As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Robert A. Feeser, also known as Bob, has been President of Consumer Packaging at WestRock Company since September 8, 2016 and served as its Executive Vice President of Consumer Paper and Global Solutions until September 8, 2016. Mr. Feeser served as an Executive Vice President of Global Operations of MeadWestvaco Corporation since January 2014. Mr. Feeser served as Senior Vice President of Food & Beverage Packaging at MeadWestvaco Corporation. He served as the President ... of Tobacco PaperBoard SBUs and Operations at MeadWestvaco Corporation and also served as its President of Packaging Resources Group. Mr. Feeser joined Mead’s Fine Paper Division as a Product Manager in 1987 and later served as Marketing Director. In 1994, he served as Director of Sales and Marketing of carbonless and converting grades business unit of the Paper Division. He joined Zellerbach, Mead’s distribution business, in 1995 as Vice President and General Manager of the industrial business unit. In 1997, Mr. Feeser served as President of Gilbert Paper and served in this role until joining Mead’s Containerboard Division where he served as President until 2002. Prior to joining Mead, he was with Champion International, where he held various positions in process engineering and product development working from Champion’s Technical Center in Hamilton, Ohio. He serves as Director of North Carolina State Pulp & Paper Foundation, MeadWestvaco Foundation and Science Museum Foundation of Virginia. He served as Chairman of Cotton Fiber Product Group, American Forest & Paper Association and Text, Cover Product Group and AF&PA. Mr. Feeser serves as a Member of Containerboard Executive Committee, American Forest & Paper Association, Competing Materials Joint Steering Committee and American Forest & Paper Association/Fiber Board Association. He also serves as member of Council of the Americas and member of Brazilian/American Chamber of Commerce Inc. Mr. Feeser holds BS in Chemical Engineering and Pulp & Paper Science from Miami University (Ohio), M.S. in Chemical Engineering from University of Dayton and an MBA in Finance and Marketing from Duke University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
501 South 5th StreetRichmond, Virginia 23219United StatesPhone: 804-444-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA Duke UniversityMS University of DaytonBS Miami University
Other Affiliations
WestRock MWV, LLCDuke UniversityUniversity of DaytonMiami University


Annual Compensation
Salary$558,250Total Annual Compensation$558,250
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$897,551All Other Compensation$44,817Exercisable Options$289,291Exercisable Options Value$6,360,165Unexercisable Options$44,416Unexercisable Options Value$582,928Total Value of Options$6,943,093Total Number of Options$333,707
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,078,655Total Short Term Compensation$558,250Other Long Term Compensation$942,368Total Calculated Compensation$3,285,133




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJohn A. Hayes Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBall Corporation$1.2MJussi  Pesonen M.Sc. (Eng.)Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorUPM-Kymmene Oyj$1.9MUlf  Larsson BSc ForestryCEO, President & DirectorSvenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ)--Karl-Henrik  Sundström B.Sc. (Business Studies)Chief Executive OfficerStora Enso Oyj$384.0KSusumu  Yajima Group CEO, President, Representative Director & President of Forest Resource & Environment Mktg Co. Oji Holdings Corporation--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact WestRock Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Executive Profile | WestRock Company | Robert A. (Bob) Feeser | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Robert A. (Bob) Feeser 

		
		President, Consumer Packaging, 

	
		 WestRock Company 	

 
Last Updated: 10/16/2016 



Executive Summary
Feeser is appointed as President of Consumer Packaging at WestRock Company in 2016. Prior to assuming the current role, he served as Executive Vice President of Consumer and Global Paper Solutions, Paper Solutions of WestRock Company, which resulted from the July 2015 merger of Rock-Tenn Co. and M 
Current Focus

Current role: In September 2016 WestRock Company named Bob Feeser president of Consumer Packaging. In this role he reports to Steve 
Biographical Highlights

Born c. 1963
Feeser graduated with a BS degree in chemical engineering, pulp and paper science from Miami University, Ohio (1979-1984) and a MS degree in chemical engineering from University of Dayton (1984-1986). 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Board of Directors, Technical Association of the Pulp, Paper, Packaging and Converting Industries (TAPPI)
Former Member, Board of Directors, North Carolina State Pulp & Paper Foundation 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robert Joseph Feeser in Indianapolis, IN 46240 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Indiana
» Indianapolis
» General Contractors
» Robert Joseph Feeser













Robert Joseph Feeser


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





8181 Jordan Ln  Indianapolis, Indiana 46240


(317) 255-9374


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Robert Joseph Feeser is located at the address 8181 Jordan Ln in Indianapolis, Indiana 46240.  They can be contacted via phone at (317) 255-9374 for pricing, hours and directions.  Robert Joseph Feeser specializes in Hotels, Exterior Work, Decks & Patios.  Robert Joseph Feeser has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Robert Joseph Feeser provides Kitchens, Waterproofing, Curbing to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Robert Joseph Feeser view the map to the right.  For reviews of Robert Joseph Feeser see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Wire
, Above Ground Tanks
, Enclosures
, Tiles
, Steel Siding
, Backhoes
, Chippers
, Storm Doors
, Marble
, Landscape Lighting



SERVICES


Concrete Repairs
, Installations
, Treatments & Applications
, Odor Removal
, Painting
, Waterproofing
, Curbing
, Kitchens
, Insect Control & Pest Control
, Faux


 BRANDS


Dog Guard
, Quantum
, Ceco
, Marvin
, Invisible Fence
, Crusader
, Kohler
, Round-Up
, AO Smith
, Pulsar


 SPECIALTIES


Steel
, Siding
, Moldings
, Sunrooms
, Landscape Lighting
, Hotels
, Exterior Work
, Factory & Industrial
, Decks & Patios
, Outdoor



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (317) 255-9374
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 140000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Nonresidential Building Construction
Residential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Pearman Locksmith


11804 Cable Dr  Indianapolis, Indiana 46236




GLOBAL STAINLESS STEEL


  Indianapolis, Indiana 46201




Moe Construction


10715 E Us Highway 136  Indianapolis, Indiana 46234




Indy Parks and Recreation


200 E Washington St Ste 2301 Indianapolis, Indiana 46204




Geiger & Peters Inc


761 S Sherman Dr  Indianapolis, Indiana 46203




Harmon Steel  Inc


1002 W Troy Ave  Indianapolis, Indiana 46225





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










