    Maier Fein | | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Maier Fein O - EAST LYME,CT | maier o fein | 4+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for maier o fein









Results from US Search. Showing top 2 of 2 results.






Premium Public Records for name Maier O Fein found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Maier O Fein and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Maier Ort FeinEAST LYME, CT
1 Address(s) Found East Lyme, CT
Sonya Esther FeinSonya Esther-fein
Age: 73yrs.  
Matthew FeinMichael Fein
Get People Search Report  >>

Maier O FeinNEWPORT, RI
3 Address(s) Found Newport, RIMerchantville, NJEast Lyme, CT
Sonya Esther Fein
Age: 75yrs.  
Matthew FeinMichael Fein
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from Intelius. Showing top 2 of 2 results.






Premium Public Records for Maier O Fein found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Maier O Fein found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Maier O Fein and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Maier O FeinEAST LYME, CT
East Lyme,CTMerchantville,NJNewport,RI
186 **** 185 **** 140 **** 
Age: 75yrs.
Matthew FeinMichael Fein
Get People Search Report  >>

Maier Ort FeinEAST LYME, CT
East Lyme,CT
186 **** 
Age: 73yrs.
Matthew FeinMichael Fein
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for maier o fein. 






Public comments related to name Maier O Fein are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Maier O Fein





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Maier O Fein - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-26-2017 07-25-2017 07-24-2017 07-23-2017 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Maier Fein O - EAST LYME,CT | maier o fein | 4+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for maier o fein are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for maier o fein are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.















Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 14 mins.S&P 5002,472.72-2.70 (-0.11%)Dow 3021,834.76+38.21 (+0.18%)Insider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-2 of 2 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsRCMT2016-11-306,289N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.RCMT2015-12-028,000N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.The real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceMen's Wedding Bands Under $50.00Tungsten FashionsSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






Maier O. Fein , Board of Directors, RCM Technologies, Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Maier O. Fein  
DirectorBoard of Directors, RCM Technologies, Inc.
Telephone, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Engineering Manager,  Naval Undersea Warfare Center,  ,  
(2 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership Networks® Leadership® Health Focus


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 Ownership Submission 









FORM 3





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
	Washington, D.C. 20549


INITIAL STATEMENT OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES


	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Section 17(a) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
	





OMB APPROVAL







OMB Number:


3235-0104




Expires:


January 31, 2005




Estimated average burden hours per response...


0.5











(Print or Type Responses)









1. Name and Address of Reporting Person *



 
	          Fein Maier O




2. Date of Event Requiring Statement (Month/Day/Year)
09/04/2012

3. Issuer Name and Ticker or Trading Symbol
RCM TECHNOLOGIES INC [RCMT]
	      








(Last)




(First)




(Middle)




2500 MCCLELLLAN AVENUE, SUITE 350

4. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer(Check all applicable)



__X__ Director


_____ 10% Owner




_____ Officer (give title below)


_____ Other (specify below)











5. If Amendment, Date Original Filed
(Month/Day/Year)









(Street)




PENNSAUKEN, NJ 08109

6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing
(Check Applicable Line)


		  _X_ Form filed by One Reporting Person
		  ___ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person
		








(City)




(State)




(Zip)







Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned











1.Title of Security(Instr. 4)


2. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned(Instr. 4)


3. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I)(Instr. 5)


4. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership(Instr. 5)











Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.


SEC 1473 (7-02)







Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.










Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (e.g., puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)




1. Title of Derivative Security(Instr. 4)


2. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date(Month/Day/Year)


3. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security(Instr. 4)


4. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security


5. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I)(Instr. 5)


6. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership(Instr. 5)




Date Exercisable


Expiration Date


Title


Amount or Number of Shares





Reporting Owners




Reporting Owner Name / Address




Relationships





Director


10% Owner


Officer


Other



Fein Maier O2500 MCCLELLLAN AVENUE, SUITE 350PENNSAUKEN, NJ 08109
 
	
            X
          
 
	
 
	

	     
	  


Signatures




Maier O. Fein by Kevin D. Milller PoA


09/10/2012





**
Signature of Reporting Person


Date





Explanation of Responses:





No securities are beneficially owned








*




If the form is filed by more than one reporting person, see Instruction 5(b)(v).






**




Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.  See 18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).







Note: File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed.  If space is insufficient, See Instruction 6 for procedure.




Potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.










Maier O. Fein - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Maier O. Fein
Board Member at RCM Technologies, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Maier O. Fein? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Maier O. Fein's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Maier O. Fein's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Maier O. Fein's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Maier O. Fein through your network of contacts.
												








Maier O. Fein's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
RCM Technologies, Inc.


Past
To view Maier O. Fein's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
75

 
 


Maier O. Fein's Biography



Mr. Fein is a distinguished professional with an extensive and diversified background in technology and science.  He was employed by the Naval Undersea Warfare Center ("NUWC") and its predecessor organizations.  He began his career as a research physicist in New London, CT and advanced to the position of Engineering Manager in Newport, RI, responsible for major operations and organizational functions while maintaining liaison with the financial, facilities, security and human resource departments.
Mr. Fein's strong science, engineering, management skills and extensive knowledge of Federal programs and procurements are particularly valuable t ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Fein is a distinguished professional with an extensive and diversified background in technology and science.  He was employed by the Naval Undersea Warfare Center ("NUWC") and its predecessor organizations.  He began his career as a research physicist in New London, CT and advanced to the position of Engineering Manager in Newport, RI, responsible for major operations and organizational functions while maintaining liaison with the financial, facilities, security and human resource departments.
Mr. Fein's strong science, engineering, management skills and extensive knowledge of Federal programs and procurements are particularly valuable to the Company's Aerospace and Defense Engineering Division.
		
Source: RCM Technologies, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Maier O. Fein's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Maier O. Fein. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Maier O. Fein's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Maier O. Fein's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Maier O. Fein through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Maier O. Fein


















Maier O. Fein's Connections (11)





Sign up now to view Maier O. Fein's 11 connections »









Roger H. Ballou
Board Member, Alliance Data









Kevin D. Miller
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Lawrence Needleman
Former Board Member, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Richard D. Machon
Board Member, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Rocco Campanelli
President and Chief Executive Officer, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Timothy Brandt
Former Group Senior Vice President, IT Consulting and Solutions Division and Corporate Sales, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Michael Saks
Former Senior Vice President and General Manager, RCMs Health Care Services Division, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Robert B. Kerr
Former Board Member, RCM Technologies, Inc.









S. Gary Snodgrass
Board Member, RCM Technologies, Inc.









Leon Kopyt
Board Member, RCM Technologies, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Maier Fein Consulting                                                                                                    - East Lyme                                         , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



East Lyme



Business Consulting, Nec



Business Consulting, Nec



                            Maier Fein Consulting
                                    



 





















M 


Maier Fein Consulting                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12 MAYFIELD TER EAST LYME, CT 06333
Get Directions



(860) 739-6842
 





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $73,467.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Consulting, Nec
 Contacts Maier Fein                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004 the company has been providing Business Consulting, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Power tools for professional use - FEIN Power Tools Inc.




















Rockin'Renovation 150Celebrate 150 years of power tool excellenceCustomerDealer
PDF flyer



Just chillCelebrate Father’s Day with 50 years of MultiMasterMore information



The best oscillatingmulti-tools. Since 1967and in the future.The professional choice for interior work and renovation.Find out more



The FEIN angle grinder series.High performance and durable angle grinders forindustry and trade.Find out more



Slugger by FEIN magnetic base drilling with annular cutters.Sturdy construction with tough metal housing for rugged applications.Mag drillsAnnular cutters




Grit by FEIN – the name for professional belt grinding.Stationary belt grinding machines for metal processing and finishing applications.Find out more







FEIN MultiMaster Top



The high performance, universal system for interior construction and renovation with comprehensive accessories for unrivaled versatility.






Buy NowFind a dealerView MultiMaster



FEIN original accessoriesBest work progress. Outstanding service life.View accessories

StarlockTool-free accessory change



Multi-tools:


MultiMaster


MultiTalent


SuperCut


Accessories


Starlock compatibility finder
















JHM USA 101



A special drill spindle guide makes this a highly durable machine and delivers precision drilling.






Buy NowFind a dealerView JHM USA 101



Get a FREE pilot pin!Buy a standard size Slugger by FEIN cutter.View cutter & pin

Slugger by FEIN cuttersHighest quality annular cutters on the market.View cutters



Metalworking:


Mag drills


Grinders


Belt grinding


Sheet metal working















Tools

Cordless Drill/Drivers


Power Drills


Magnetic base drilling





MultiMaster


SuperCut Construction


Compact Angle Grinders


Accessories

Search by product


Search by application


New products

Cordless Drill/Drivers


FEIN MultiMaster Cordless


New products


Fast search









Top products





WSG 7-115
Compact Angle Grinder Ø 4-1/2 inBuy NowFind a dealer






9 in Slugger Metal Cutting Saw
9 in Slugger Metal Cutting SawBuy NowFind a dealer






GRIT GIC
Cylindrical grinding moduleBuy NowFind a dealer





FEIN dealer & repair searchFind a dealer near.



Start search


FEIN online dealer searchFind a online dealer.



Start search







Our competences





Jancy. The hole story.

Whether your job involves drilling steel, stainless, or aluminum, Slugger by FEIN has a solution to
save you time and money on the job site or in the workshop.



View Jancy history





The Original

We invented the oscillating power tool in 1967. We have now been consistently further developing tools
and accessories for almost 50 years and so have the most comprehensive system for interior work and
renovation on the market today.



View our story








3 year FEIN PLUS guarantee




Next


Spare parts catalog




Next


Catalogs and instructions




Next


Technical care & Maintainance




Next








FEIN invented the world’s first power tool. Wilhelm Emil Fein founded the company in 1867. FEIN invented the first power tool – the electric hand drill – in 1895. Today FEIN is a long-established power tool manufacturer with an international reputation.
This first-class German manufacturer develops and produces application solutions for the metalworking, interior construction, and automotive sectors and is the specialist for professional and extremely reliable power tools for industry and trades.
FEIN. Extremely reliable power Tools.


Learn more about FEIN








Products



Drilling



Fastening



Grinding



Belt Grinding Machines



Surface Finishing



Oscillating multi-tool



Sheet metal work



Sawing and Cutting







About FEIN



About FEIN



Careers



Introducing FEIN







Service



Contact



Dealer & repair



Catalogs and instructions



3 year FEIN PLUS guarantee



Repair







Social Media



YouTube



Facebook



Google+



Pinterest



Linkedin



Instagram







FEIN newsletter
Subscribe to receive up-to-date Information from FEIN

























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































