

	PINCH Trademark of FERMENT LABS, INC.. Serial Number: 86653433 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
PINCH










 
Get FREE email alerts













PINCH  Trademark Information
 FERMENT LABS, INC.
Downloadable software for use in viewing, posting, and responding to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for use in crowdsourcing requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for processing electronic payments and for transferring funds to and from others; Downloadable software for use in displaying and sharing a u...
Electronic payment services conducted via a global communications network; Credit card and debit card transaction processing services; Payment processing services, namely, providing virtual currency transaction processing services for others; Financial services, namely, providing a virtual currency for use by members of an on-line community via a global computer network
Computer services, namely, providing an on-line community for registered users to view, post, and respond to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Computer services, namely, providing an on-line virtual environment for crowdsourcing for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Computer services, namely, hosting and maintaining an on-line non-downloadable web site for o...
On-line social networking service that facilitates crowdsourcing for the exchange of personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Providing an interactive social networking website for users to view, post, and respond to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Online social networking services




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Insurance & Financial Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Personal & Legal & Social Services





Words that describe this mark
downloadable   software   use   viewing      posting      responding   requests   personal   assistance   services      including      limited      delivery   downloadable   software   use   crowdsourcing   requests   personal   assistance   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PINCH trademark by FERMENT LABS, INC. 
                                in SAN FRANCISCO, CA, 94115.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PINCH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner FERMENT LABS, INC. of the PINCH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PINCH trademark.
                           






On Friday, June 5, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PINCH by 
                        FERMENT LABS, INC., SAN FRANCISCO, CA  94115.
                        The USPTO has given the PINCH 
                        trademark serial  number of  86653433.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for PINCH is 
                        
                        
                                            DIANA J. REA of 
                                            TONG, REA, BENTLEY & KIM, LLC,  Suite 105, 12 Christopher Way Eatontown NJ 07724-2272
                                .
                            The PINCH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Personal & Legal & Social Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PINCH 
                            is Downloadable software for use in viewing, posting, and responding to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for use in crowdsourcing requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for processing electronic payments and for transferring funds to and from others; Downloadable software for use in displaying and sharing a user's location and finding, locating, and interacting with other users and places. 
                            





Word mark:
 PINCH


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

12/20/2016



  Serial Number:  
86653433


  Filing Date:  
6/5/2015


 Registration Number:  
5105878 


 Registration Date:  
12/20/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Downloadable software for use in viewing, posting, and responding to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for use in crowdsourcing requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for processing electronic payments and for transferring funds to and from others; Downloadable software for use in displaying and sharing a user's location and finding, locating, and interacting with other users and places


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/24/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

FERMENT LABS, INC.SAN FRANCISCO, CA  94115
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DIANA J. REA
TONG, REA, BENTLEY & KIM, LLC
Suite 105
12 Christopher Way
Eatontown NJ 07724-2272





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
11/4/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
11/26/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/4/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
11/26/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/2/2016


First Use In Commerce: 
4/2/2016




Primary Class: 
 Class (045) - Legal services; security services for the protection of property and individuals; personal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individuals. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/4/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
11/26/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PINCH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/20/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DIANA J. REA


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PINCH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pinch on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PINCH 




PINCH is providing Downloadable software for use in viewing, posting, and responding to requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for use in crowdsourcing requests for personal assistance services, including, but not limited to, delivery; Downloadable software for processing electronic payments and for transferring funds to and from others; Downloadable software for use in displaying and sharing a user's location and finding, locating, and interact....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 














Fermentation | Wyeast Laboratories
































Fermentation Center




















Search














































































        Beer
          































Beer Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Beer Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
Additional Product:
Smack-Pack Activator System™
Brettanomyces and Lactic Acid Bacteria Cultures
Wyeast Nutrient Blend






























COMMERCIAL BREWERS:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Brewers
Additional Products:
Pure Liquid Yeast
Tanal A
Brewtan B
Wyeast Nutrient Blend















































View our
Private Collection
Explore


View Private Collection








































        Commercial Brewers
          
























        Fermentation Center for Commercial Brewers
          



















        Additional Product
          
























        Wyeast Nutrient Blend
          



















        Home Enthusiasts
          
























        Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
          



















        Related Products
          
























        Tanal A
          







        Tanal B
          







        Wyeast Nutrient Blend
          







        Premium Liquid Yeast
          



















        Technical Info.
          
























        Pitch Rates
          







        Quality Control
          







        Yeast Harvesting
          































        Cider
          































Cider Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Cider Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS:
Smack-Pack Activator System™
Wyeast Nutrient Blend






























COMMERCIAL CIDER MAKERS:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Cider Makers
ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS:
Wyeast Nutrient Blend



























































        Wild & Sour
          































Wild & Sour Overview


Search Our Strains


Explore Wild & Sour Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts






























COMMERCIAL BREWERS:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Brewers



























































        Wine
          































Wine Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Wine Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
Additional Product:
Smack-Pack Activator System™
Malolactic Cultures
Wyeast Nutrient Blend






























COMMERCIAL WINE MAKERS:
Fermentation Center for Wine Makers
Additional Products:
Malolactic Cultures
Pure Liquid Yeast
Wyeast Nutrient Blend



























































        Mead
          































Mead Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Mead Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
Additional Product:
Smack-Pack Activator System™
Wyeast Nutrient Blend
 
 






























COMMERCIAL MEAD MAKERS:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Mead Makers
ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS:
Wyeast Nutrient Blend



























































        Spirits
          































Spirits Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Spirit Styles






































COMMERCIAL DISTILLERS:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Distillers



























































        Saké
          































Saké Overview


Search Our Yeast Strains


Explore Saké Styles






































HOME ENTHUSIASTS:
Fermentation Center for Home Enthusiasts
Additional Product:
Smack-Pack Activator System™






























COMMERCIAL Saké Brewers:
Fermentation Center for Commercial Saké Brewers












































































































Fermentation











Fermentation is the heart of the brewing process. During fermentation, wort created from raw materials is converted to beer by yeast. Fermentation is usually divided into three stages: primary, secondary, and conditioning (or lagering). Fermentation is when yeast produce all of the alcohol and aroma and flavor compounds found in beer. Manipulation of temperature, oxygen levels, and pitch rate as well as yeast strain selection will all dramatically affect the production of aroma and flavor compounds produced during fermentation.
Primary Fermentation
The primary stage of fermentation begins when the yeast is introduced into cooled, aerated wort. The yeast quickly utilize the available oxygen to produce sterols, a vital compound for culture expansion. When the oxygen is gone, the yeast switch to the anaerobic phase where the majority of wort sugars are reduced to ethanol and CO₂. Yeast growth occurs during primary fermentation. The extent and rate of yeast growth is directly related to the production of aroma and flavor compounds.
Primary Fermentation Summary: 
Depletion of dissolved oxygen 
Acidification/reduction in pH 
Yeast growth or culture expansion 
Ethanol and CO₂ production 
Production of flavor compounds such as esters, diacetyl, sulfur containing compounds, etc. 
Consumption of most wort sugars 

The temperature of the primary fermentation should be regulated according to the desired flavor and aroma profile. The following is a guideline:
Primary Fermentation Temperatures: 
Ales: 62-75 °F (17-24 °C) 
Lagers: 46-58 °F (8-14 °C) *Note: Lager fermentations can be started warmer (~60 °F/15.5 °C) until signs of fermentation (gravity drop, CO₂ production, head formation) are evident. Cool to desired fermentation temperature once signs of fermentation are observed. 
Wheat and Belgian styles: 62-85 °F (17-29 °C) 
Secondary Fermentation
The secondary stage of fermentation refers to the stage of fermentation after the majority of the wort sugars have been consumed and there is a sharp decrease in the rate of fermentation. During this period, most of the final sugars are depleted and some secondary metabolites are converted by the yeast. Yeast flocculation and settling begins to occur due to the increase in alcohol content and the depletion of sugar and nutrients. Diacetyl reduction takes place during secondary fermentation and during the diacetyl rest that some brewers incorporate into the secondary stage of fermentation.
Secondary Fermentation Summary: 
Decreased rate of ethanol and CO₂ production 
Diacetyl Conversion 
Reduction of some flavor compounds by yeast metabolism or CO₂ scrubbing 
Terminal gravity is reached 
Yeast flocculation and settling begins 
Secondary Fermentation Temperatures:
Ales: Same as primary fermentation (higher temperatures will increase diacetyl reduction rates) 
Lagers: 40-60 °F (4-15 °C). Some brewers allow the beer to increase in temperature to speed the diacetyl reduction. This increased temperature is usually only sustained for 24 to 48 hours. 
Wheat and Belgian Beers: Same as primary fermentation (higher temperatures will increase diacetyl reduction rates). 
Conditioning
The conditioning stage takes place when the terminal gravity has been reached and the tank is cooled to refrigeration temperatures (31-38 °F, 0-3 °C). During this time the yeast continues to flocculate and settle. The yeast also conditions the beer by reducing various undesirable flavor compounds. Ales do not benefit from long conditioning times like lagers do. The desirable flavors in ales will decrease with age and therefore it is recommended that conditioning be as short as possible before packaging. Exposure to oxygen at this stage is extremely detrimental to beer quality.
Conditioning Summary: 
Most of the yeast is removed from beer 
Formation and precipitation of haze forming proteins 
Reduction and mellowing of harsh flavors 
Reduction of sulfur compounds, diacetyl, and acetaldehyde 
Flavor stabilization 



















Customer login
Access your account, place an order, and keep your operation humming.
Login



Become a Customer
Not yet a customer? Fill out the application, and we look forward to working with you.
Apply Here



Find a Retailer Near You
Big plans for your next homebrew? Use our locator to find Wyeast products.
Find Our Products



















	Scott Laboratories - Enology

















Home

Enology

Filtration

Corks & Packaging

Equipment & Services

Cleaning

Features 

Forms & Videos 

FAQs 





For Canadian Customers:

 English
 Français







Enology


Enology
Scott Laboratories continues to provide state-of-the-art fermentation and cellar products in conjunction with superior technical knowledge and support. We offer a range of proprietary products as well as quality products from Anchor, Bioseutica, Institut Oenologique de Champagne and Lallemand. We make every effort to bring you the most up-to-date information to help guide your fermentation endeavors.
 
To view a complete list of suggested Fermentation Protocols, click HERE.
 
Need assistance with conversions or additions? Visit WineAdds for handy tools.
 
CHOOSE A CATEGORY TO EXPLORE →




Enology

Overview
Yeast
LalVigne® Foliar Spray
Nutrients
Tannins
Malolactic Bacteria
Microbial Control
Enzymes
Fining Agents
Stability
Cider
Sparkling
Laboratory
Advanced Product Selection
Articles





Product Search:








Advanced








Our Company|
Contact Us|
Site Map|
Partners  & Resources


Phone: (707) 765-6666 

FAX: (707) 765-6674 

Email: info@scottlab.com 

   follow us on facebook


Copyright &copy 2010 Scott Laboratories Inc.Site Designed by Planeteria Web Design.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Zero-CO2 Fermentation — White Dog Labs, Inc.

























































Zero-CO2 Fermentation A common by-product of many fermentations is CO2 -- a refreshing by-product for beer and champagne!  However, this loss of carbon is an added expense to the production of biochemicals and sustainable fuels. When the right composition of energy rich gases is added at the correct ratio to a carbohydrate fermentation, the synergy of feedstocks produces our Zero-CO2 Ethanol, a renewable chemical or fuel with no CO2 emissions. This same fermentation process can be applied to almost any biochemical or fuel of interest, given the right ratio of energy rich gas and carbohydrate.  White Dog Labs specializes in designing and developing the Zero-CO2 Fermentation for interested parties.












Copyright White Dog Labs 2016


Privacy Policy





Trademarks & Legal Terms


















Fermented Labs and BrewOps Announce Strategic Merger | Brewbound.com






















































 






















Skip to Content ↓

Sign In
Account
Sign Out
BevNET

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Instagram
Youtube
 
Brewbound — Craft Beer News, Events & Jobs



Mobile Navigation













Fermented Labs and BrewOps Announce Strategic Merger



Press Release



Jun. 28, 2017 at 10:30 AM 












Des Moines, Iowa and San Francisco, CA – Fermented Labs, creator of BREWD, the fastest growing provider of software to the craft beer industry, announced a strategic merger with BrewOps, an innovative software platform for brewery inventory and production management. The consolidated company will roll up under the Fermented Labs company organization.
BrewOps co-founders, will join the leadership and founding team of Fermented Labs, providing significant technical expertise to the company. This technical experience will significantly boost the speed of development of the BREWD platform. Fermented Labs will continue to focus on improving their existing products, BREWD Sales and Keg Tracking, as well as significantly accelerate development of BREWD Production.

BREWD software is a simple, easy to use, affordable platform for craft breweries. The fully responsive web platform works equally well on smartphones, tablets, laptops, and desktops. BREWD software focuses on clean simple design that enables breweries and their users to get up and running in a very short period of time.
“The addition of Daniel and Dave is an absolute win for Fermented Labs. We are now at a point where we can focus on accelerating development and delivering all of the features we need to add increased value to our customers. I could not be more excited to see where this can go.”, commented John Jackovin, co-founder and CEO of Fermented Labs.
“After meeting with John and BREWD at the Craft Brewers Conference in Washington D.C., we had a few discussions and realized that not only is this a perfect fit but also we are stronger together,” said Dave Jensen, Co-Founder of BrewOps. “We’re very excited about this merger and the opportunity to build the best software platform for craft breweries worldwide.”
ABOUT FERMENTED LABS
BREWD, by Fermented Labs, is an application that enables craft breweries to manage their business better. BREWD currently has a focus on the sales and distribution aspects of brewing, but plans to release an integrated production module to round out every component of the craft brewing business. Fermented Labs is based in San Francisco and Des Moines, Iowa. For more information, visit getbrewd.com.
 
 
 




Latest News








Ballast Point to Open Chicago Brewpub in 2018


  





Last Call: Alcohol Suppliers Fined Millions in Pennsylvania; Total Wine Scores a Win in Massachusetts


  





Breakthru Beverage Moves into Massive New Colorado Facility


 

 


Industry Marketplace










Colorado State University Offers a Certificate ...


 


 


Featured Jobs










Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked ...


 








Brewer wanted at Stony Creek Brewery - Stony Cr...


 








Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cap...


 








East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 


 


Additional News








Boston Beer Company Reports Improved Revenue, Depletions Trends


 






Anheuser-Busch InBev Reports Global Revenue Growth as US Business Struggles


 






Creating National Sales Platform, Brooklyn Brewery Invests in 21st Amendment, Funkwerks


 






Short’s Brewing Sells Minority Stake to Lagunitas


 




 



Craft Beer Industry Jobs





Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked Weed Brewing
Brewer wanted at Stony Creek Brewery - Stony Creek Brewery 
Microbiologist - Summit Brewing Co
Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cape May Brewing Company


 

 
 





Recent Articles




Newswire
Features
Spirits



Ballast Point to Open Chicago Brewpub in 2018
Last Call: Alcohol Suppliers Fined Millions in Pennsylvania; Total Wine Scores a Win in Massachusetts
Breakthru Beverage Moves into Massive New Colorado Facility
Boston Beer Company Reports Improved Revenue, Depletions Trends
Anheuser-Busch InBev Reports Global Revenue Growth as US Business Struggles




Church Street Brewing Company to Release Heavenly Helles with New Label
Anheuser-Busch InBev Names New North America VP of Legal and Corporate Affairs
Mill Street Still and Brew’s Beer and Vodka to be Distributed by New West Distributing
Genesee Brew House Releases Grüngeist Pale Ale in Pilot Batch Series
Pedal Haus Releases Rye New England-style IPA in Honor of Late Brewer




Scorpion Mezcal Distiller Seeks Preservation of Mexico’s Heirloom Corn
Davos Brands Acquires Controlling Interest in Sombra Mezcal
John Esposito Joins Real McCoy Spirits as Chairman
CÎROC Vodka Release New Limited Edition Summer Colada
Jack Daniel’s Country Cocktails Teams with K. Michelle for Southern Peach Flavor
Preiss Imports Adds Ferdinand’s Saar Collection to its International Spirits Portfolio
Humboldt Distillery Expands to Markets Outside of California


 

 
 


Upcoming Events








Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA
Nov. 29, 2017

Early Registration Open

 
 
 
 







Tweets by @Brewbound



 


















