    Paul-Henri Ferrand | Google Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Paul-Henri Ferrand: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:51 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Alphabet Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Paul-Henri   Ferrand  Vice President of U.S. Sales and Operations, Alphabet Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Mr. Paul-Henri Ferrand has been the Vice President of U.S. Sales and Operations at Alphabet Inc. since May 2014. Mr. Ferrand served as the President of Dell North America at Dell Inc. from August 2012 to March 2014. He previously served as Vice-President of Asia-Pacific South, General Manager of Asia-Pacific South and Vice President of South Asia Business at Dell Inc. Mr. Ferrand is a strong strategic fit and has deep background in ecommerce and technology at large, ... global organizations. He has extensive business-to-business experience. He served at Google. He served as President of Dell North America, where he led Dell's business-to-business and consumer segments with revenue of $24 billion. He joined Dell in 2004. He served senior management positions at Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent and AT&T. He has been an Independent Director of Staples, Inc. since June 1, 2015.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, California 94043United StatesPhone: 650-253-0000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentIndependent DirectorStaples, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Staples, Inc.Dell Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRandall L. Stephenson Chairman, CEO & PresidentAT&T Inc.$1.8MLowell C. McAdam Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Verizon WirelessVerizon Communications Inc.$1.6MHuateng Pony Ma Co-Founder, Chairman & CEOTencent Holdings Limited$37.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Alphabet Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 












Paul-Henri Ferrand, Google Inc. VP, Sales & Operations, US - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Paul-Henri Ferrand
VP, Sales & Operations, US, Google Inc.








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Paul-Henri Ferrand at Google Inc.. Paul-Henri Ferrand works as VP, Sales & Operations, US , acting in a Sales role .  Google Inc. is a leader in Internet/Online .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Sales leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


02/14/2017:


Top Brand Marketers, Media Buyers & Publishers Share Strategies for Thriving in a Mobile-Only Marketplace During Special IAB...

..... Brand and agency leaders on the roster include:
Sophie Blum, Vice President of Marketing, Europe, India, Middle East, Africa, P&G Lisa Donohue, Global President, Starcom Worldwide Andreas Gall, Chief Technology Officer, Red Bull Media House Leonid Sudakov, President of Connected Solutions, Mars Petcare Dr. Torsten Wingenter, Head of Digital Innovations, Lufthansa Airlines They will be joined by such senior publishing executives as:
Sacha Berlik, Managing Director, EMEA, The Trade Desk Paul-Henri Ferrand, Vice President, U.S. Sales and Operations, Google Ian James, Chief International Officer, Verve AJ Mathew, Vice President, Research, Kargo Christina Miller, President, Cartoon Network Rob Newlan, Head of EMEA Creative Shop, Facebook Donna Speciale, President, Ad Sales, Turner The full agenda is available here.
.....

People In This Article:
Paul-Henri Ferrand
 

01/20/2015:


Starboard Value Intensifies Demand For Staples-Office Depot Merger

..... The company said its independent director, Robert Nakasone will retire and it will appoint Robert Sulentic to take over the position.
Staples also announced the nomination of Paul Henri Ferrand for election to become a member of its board during its 2015 annual meeting. Ferrand is the vice president of U.S. sales and operations at Google Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) . .....

People In This Article:
Paul-Henri Ferrand
 






Learn more about Paul-Henri Ferrand  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Paul-Henri Ferrand and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






































Paul-Henri Ferrand - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Paul-Henri Ferrand
Board Member at Staples, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Paul-Henri Ferrand? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Paul-Henri Ferrand's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Paul-Henri Ferrand's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Paul-Henri Ferrand's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Paul-Henri Ferrand through your network of contacts.
												








Paul-Henri Ferrand's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Staples, Inc.


Past
To view Paul-Henri Ferrand's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 
 


Paul-Henri Ferrand's Biography



Skills and Experience
- Consumer and Business Sales
- Ecommerce/Marketing
- International Operations
- IT Management and Security
- StrategyEducation
- École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications (ENST)
- Lycée du Parc
 
Career Highlights
Mr. Ferrand has served as Vice President and Sector Lead, U.S. Services and Distribution Sector, of Google, Inc., a global provider of internet related services and products, since May 2014. In his role as the head of Google's largest customer sector, Mr. Ferrand leads performance-based advertising sales and related analytics. Before joining Google, Mr. Ferrand was President, Dell North Ameri ...
(Read More)

			Skills and Experience
- Consumer and Business Sales
- Ecommerce/Marketing
- International Operations
- IT Management and Security
- StrategyEducation
- École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications (ENST)
- Lycée du Parc
 
Career Highlights
Mr. Ferrand has served as Vice President and Sector Lead, U.S. Services and Distribution Sector, of Google, Inc., a global provider of internet related services and products, since May 2014. In his role as the head of Google's largest customer sector, Mr. Ferrand leads performance-based advertising sales and related analytics. Before joining Google, Mr. Ferrand was President, Dell North America, at Dell, Inc., a global technology company, from August 2012 to March 2014, where he was responsible for leading Dell's business across all of North America, covering all segments (consumer and business). Mr. Ferrand previously held other positions at Dell, including Global Vice President & GM, Software and Peripherals from September 2011 to August 2012, President Dell Asia-Pacific-Japan from July 2010 to September 2011, Chief Marketing Officer, Dell Consumer, Small and Medium Business from January 2009 to September 2011, and President Dell APACs from March 2004 to December 2008. Before Dell, Mr. Ferrand served in various management positions at Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent and AT&T.
		
Source: Staples, Inc. on 04/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Paul-Henri Ferrand's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Paul-Henri Ferrand. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Paul-Henri Ferrand's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Paul-Henri Ferrand's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Paul-Henri Ferrand through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Paul-Henri Ferrand


















Paul-Henri Ferrand's Connections (25)





Sign up now to view Paul-Henri Ferrand's 25 connections »









Basil L. Anderson
Board Member, Becton Dickinson









John B. Wilson
Former Chief Operating Officer of the Company, The Gap, Inc.









Paul F. Walsh
Board Member, Staples, Inc.









Joseph G. Doody
Vice Chairman, Staples, Inc.









Vijay Vishwanath
Board Member, Staples, Inc.









Christine T. Komola
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Staples, Inc.









Robert E. Sulentic
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, CBRE Group, Inc.









Ronald L. Sargent
Board Member, The Kroger Co.









John F. Lundgren
Board Member, Callaway Golf Company









Rowland T. Moriarty
Board Member, CRA International, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Paul-Henri Ferrand | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Paul-Henri  FerrandVP of U.S. Sales and Operations, Google Inc.Mountain View, CAPrior to joining Google in 2014 he was president of Dell North America, leading business-to-business and consumer segments since 2004. Previously he held senior management positions at Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent, and AT&T.2015 Second Quarter Added to: Staples Inc. - Framingham, MAStaples is a distributor of office products. Revenues are $21 billion.















 















 








 
































Paul Henri Gauvin, 3 Rue Des Littes Clermont Ferrand 63100 Fr | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Paul Henri Gauvin
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  France






        See Paul Henri Gauvin's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
1 U.S. shipment available for Paul Henri Gauvin, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2015-08-01
See all 1 shipment record for Paul Henri Gauvin with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Paul Henri Gauvin
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Paul Henri Gauvin 






1 customer available
        


Top products


effets personnels 





effets 





personnels 






3 top products available
        





Contact information for Paul Henri Gauvin


 

Address
3 Rue Des Littes Clermont Ferrand 63100 Fr

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Date
2015-08-01


Shipper Name
Paul Henri Gauvin


Shipper Address
3 RUE DES LITTES, CLERMONT FERRAND 63100 FR


Consignee Name
Paul Henri Gauvin


Consignee Address
112 GOLDEN WINGS WAY, GREER SC 29650 USA US


Weight
2994


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
2994.0


Quantity
355


Quantity Unit
PCS


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
France


Details
2,994.0 kgFrom port: Le Havre, FranceTo port: The Port of Charleston, Charleston, South Carolina


Place of Receipt
Clermont Ferrand


Foreign Port of Lading
Le Havre, France


U.S. Port of Unlading
The Port of Charleston, Charleston, South Carolina


U.S. Destination Port
The Port of Charleston, Charleston, South Carolina


Commodity
EFFETS PERSONNELS


Container
APHU6319666


Marks Description
M. GAUVIN


Carrier Name
BALGUERIE, ALFRED S A-TRANSO


Vessel Name
KUALA LUMPUR EXPRESS


Voyage Number
049W


Bill of Lading Number
BALG76ME267906


Master Bill of Lading Number
APLU707139627


HTS Codes
HTS 3906







 


Suppliers of similar products from France

French effets manufacturersFrench effets personnels manufacturers.
            


Suppliers similar to Paul Henri Gauvin

Ascometal Fos Sur MerHafner Krullmann.
              






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 





 






Paul-Henri Ferrand, Vice President, Staples


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Paul-Henri Ferrand



Vice President
at
Staples


Location: Mountain View, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Paul-Henri Ferrand



Vice President
at
Staples


Location: Mountain View, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Paul-Henri Ferrand works as Vice President at Staples. He also works as Vice President, US Sales & Operations at Google since May 2014. Prior to joining Google, Ferrand was President of Dell North America, where he led Dell’s business-to-business and consumer segments with revenue of $24 billion. Prior to joining Dell in 2004, he held senior management positions at Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent and AT&T.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Internet Publishing and Broadcasting and Web Search Portals




Tags
Marketing Strategy, Management, CRM, Leadership




Topics of Influence












Web Site







Blog






























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Paul-Henri FerrandCareer (3)






Jan-2015




Staples



Vice President







May-2014




Google



Vice President, US Sales & Operations







Aug-2012 to Mar-2014




Dell Technologies



President








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Paul-Henri FerrandEducation






1986



Telecom ParisTech


Computer Science









 Edit



Paul-Henri FerrandAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Paul-Henri Ferrand






 Edit



Paul-Henri FerrandLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Paul-Henri Ferrand









Paul-Henri FerrandInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Paul-Henri Ferrand









Paul-Henri FerrandInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Paul-Henri Ferrand








Paul-Henri FerrandRelated People








Colleagues at Staples







Faisal Masud

Chief Technology Officer
Dec-2016









Steve Matyas

President, North American Retail
Jul-2016









Shira Goodman

Chief Executive Officer
Jun-2016









Peter Scala

Executive Vice President Merchandising
Apr-2015








View all 
Peers (15)







Paul Muret

Senior Vice President of Google









Arun Majumdar

VP Energy of Google









Brian  McClendon

Research Professor of The University of Kansas









Anna Patterson

Founder and Managing Partner at Gradient Ventures of Google









Danielle Brown

VP of Diversity of Google









David Floyd

Vice President of Finance of Evergage












View all 



Paul-Henri FerrandRecommended Market Profiles








Real-time Message/Offers (Lumascape)

10,000 or More employees
6 companies


















