




ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund Gp, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Ff Venture Capital 989 Avenue Of The Americas, 3rd Floor 
    New York, NY, 10018Phone: 973-488-7112 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-30


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund Gp, Llc 
 Executive 


 John F. Frankel 
 Executive 


 Alex Katz 
 Executive 





















 




ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P.
List of persons related to the company ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001506581Company address: 101 EISENHOWER PARKWAY SUITE 300 ROSELAND 07068Phone number: 973-488-7110



People related to ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryF. Frankel  Johnc/o ff Asset Management, LLC 101 Eisenhower Parkway, Suite 300RoselandNJn/a  ff Silver Venture Capital Fund General Partner, LL101 Eisenhower Parkway Suite 300RoselandNJ




ff Silver Venture Capital Fund, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesFF BPLP Investors LLC, FF FBLP Investors LLC, FF Fund I, LP, ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P., FF MLCR Hotels Investors LLC, ff Rose Venture Capital Fund, L.P., ff Sapphire (IV) Venture Capital Fund, LP, ff Select Opportunity Fund, L.P., FF Sully Partners LP, FF Trading, L.P., FF3D LLC, FFC Arcadia Investment, LLC, FFC CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC, FFC Holdings, LLC, FFCM LLC












 

















 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















New York firm ffVC seeks $150 million for fifth fund - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































New York firm ffVC seeks $150 million for fifth fund


December 1, 2016
By Alastair Goldfisher
 Follow agoldfisher


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
New York firm ffVC seeks $150 million for fifth fund
New York-based ff Venture Capital, which most recently invested in the bot analytics platform Dashbot, is seeking to raise $150 million for its fifth venture fund, according to a regulatory filing. The fund, dubbed ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, comes nearly seven months after the firm closed its fourth fund, called ff Sapphire (IV) Venture Capital Fund GP, with $53.78 million in commitments.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















New York-based ff Venture Capital, which most recently invested in the bot analytics platform Dashbot, is seeking to raise $150 million for its fifth venture fund, according to a regulatory filing. The fund, dubbed ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, comes nearly seven months after the firm closed its fourth fund, called ff Sapphire (IV) Venture Capital Fund, with $53.78 million in commitments.
The firm makes seed and early-stage investments in various sectors and its exits include Cornerstone OnDemand, Klout and Livefyre. Current portfolio companies include Dashbot, Foundersuite, Indiegogo, Plated and Wade & Wendy, among others.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
New York firm ffVC seeks $150 million for fifth fund
New York-based ff Venture Capital, which most recently invested in the bot analytics platform Dashbot, is seeking to raise $150 million for its fifth venture fund, according to a regulatory filing. The fund, dubbed ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, comes nearly seven months after the firm closed its fourth fund, called ff Sapphire (IV) Venture Capital Fund GP, with $53.78 million in commitments.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Cambridge Associates, Bank of America, UBS are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 
































 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P.
	

	

   


	0001690970-16-000001 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P. 
					

					D
				

					  0001690970-16-000001 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Nov. 30, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Nov. 30, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Nov. 30, 2016



Signed By

 John F. Frankel


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001690970-16-000001
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							

								3C Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)
							

								3C.1 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)(1)
							

								3C.7 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)(7)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P.


			[ Limited Partnership ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			DELAWARE
		


	 
	
	 c/o ff Venture Capital
	 
	  989 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor
	
	   New York, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   973-488-7112    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


N/A ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund GP, LLC

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ General Partner of the Issuer ]

	 
	
	 c/o ff Venture Capital
	 
	 ,  989 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor
	
	  ,  New York, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


John F. Frankel

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Manager of the General Partner of the Issuer ]

	 
	
	 c/o ff Venture Capital
	 
	 ,  989 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor
	
	  ,  New York, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Alex Katz

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Partner of the General Partner of the Issuer ]

	 
	
	 c/o ff Venture Capital
	 
	 ,  989 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor
	
	  ,  New York, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Pooled Investment Fund Venture Capital Fund
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: Not Applicable


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Pooled investment fund ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 150,000,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 150,000,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P. [ /s/ John F. Frankel ]  
				John F. Frankel [ Manager of the General Partner of the Issuer ] 2016-11-30
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P.
 Cik: 0001690970
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 66 HUDSON STREET
	 
	  SUITE 201
	
	   HOBOKEN, 
	   NJ, 
	   07030
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 





			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 66 HUDSON STREET
	 
	  SUITE 201
	
	   HOBOKEN, 
	   NJ, 
	   07030
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-275399
film number162026044































































ff Venture Capital Llaunches New $150m Venture Capital Fund















































Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSAff Venture Capital Launches New $150m Venture Capital Fund




ff Venture Capital Launches New $150m Venture Capital Fund


USA 

Published on December 6, 2016By FinSMEs 






ff Venture Capital (ffVC), a NYC-based early-stage venture capital firm, has launched a $150m fund. 
According to a regulatory form filed with the SEC, ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P., has not raised funds yet.
Led by partners John Frankel, Alex Kaltz, David Teten, Michael Faber, and Adam Plotkin, ff Venture Capital invests in startups in such areas as cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning, UAVs, enterprise software and crowdfunding. The firm also leverages an acceleration team of 25 investment and operations professionals* to actively help founders develop products, target markets and fuel growth.
Since 2008, ff VC the firm has invested in approx 100 companies, including Cornerstone OnDemand, Contently, Indiegogo, Plated, and YieldMo, Ionic Security and Distil Networks.
It is now investing its fourth vc fund of approx. $53.8m.
FinSMEs
06/12/2016
*The ff Acceleration Team includes:
– Ryan Armbrust, Managing Director,
– Paul Bianco, CPA, Director
– Katie Bluhm, Director of Investor Relations
– Andrew Buemi, Director of Communications
– Oksana Bundzyak, CPA, Accountant
– Paul Cheon, Accountant
– Arlene Diangkinay, CPA, Director of Portfolio Accounting
– Richard Duda, Director of Fund Accounting
– Carla Edwards, Office Manager
– David Frankel, Senior Associate
– Katie Frankel, Director of Community
– Territa Givens, Executive Assistant
– Steven Greenberg, Associate
– Andy Kangpan, Associate
– Xing Li, CPA, Accounting Manager
– Eric Magalong, Accountant
– Shani Majer, CPA, Accounting Manager
– Herb Moore, Senior Counsel
– Harry O’Sullivan, Financial Analyst
– Camille Reynes, Accountant
– Jason Reynolds, Director of Engineering
– Sebastian Soler, Software Engineer
– Maureen Barry Somerville, Executive Assistant
– Jessica Tso, Accountant, and
– Cristian Valbuena, CPA, Director of Portfolio Accounting
 







We recommend



 

USA 
UniKey Technologies Closes Venture Capital Funding Round

By FinSMEs Published on June 14, 2017 




fundingStart UpUSAventure capital 
Ionic Security Secures $25.5M in Venture Funding

By FinSMEs Published on February 20, 2014 




fundingStart UpUSAventure capital 
ff Venture Capital Closes Third Fund at $52M

By FinSMEs Published on January 14, 2014 






Join the discussion Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 




 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter







































USA | FinSMEs




























Skip to content


FinSMEs




REAL TIME VC & PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS AND NEWS




Search for:





Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Navigation



HomeUSA



USA 



 


Sightbox Raises $2.4M in Funding 

Sightbox, a Portland, Ore.-based annual membership platform for eye exams and contact lenses, raised $2.4m in funding.






 


Marqeta Raises $25m in Series D Funding 

Marqeta, an Oakland, CA-based payment innovation platform, raised $25m in Series D funding.






 


The Big Willow Closes Convertible Debt Financing Round 

The Big Willow, a Wilton, CT-based martech company, closed a convertible debt financing round.






 


Virtual Reality Startup AltspaceVR Shuts Down 

AltspaceVR, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of a social platform for virtual reality, is shutting down.






 


Fulcrum Equity Partners Closes Third Venture Capital Fund, at $203M 

Fulcrum Equity Partners, an Atlanta, GA-based growth equity firm investing in healthcare, software and technology-enabled service companies, closed its third fund, with $203m in committed capital.






 


First Watch Restaurants Receives Majority Investment from Advent International 

First Watch Restaurants Inc., a University Park, Florida-based daytime café operator, received a majority investment from private equity firm Advent International.






 


FanAI Closes Venture Capital Funding 

FanAI, Inc., a Santa Monica, CA-based AI-driven audience monetization platform starting with esports, closed a seed funding of undisclosed amount.






 


ExecOnline Secures $16M Series B Funding Round 

ExecOnline, a NYC-based provider of online leadership development programs, secured a $16m Series B funding round.






 


BentoBox Raises $4.8M in Series A Funding 

BentoBox, a New York-based platform for restaurants to build their websites, raised $4.8m in Series A funding.






 


PerimeterX Secures $23M in Series B Funding 

PerimeterX, a San Mateo, CA-based provider of behavior-based threat protection technology for cloud, web and mobile, secured $23m in Series B funding.






 


Stephen Morana Joins Octopus Ventures as Venture Partner 

Octopus Ventures, a London, UK-based venture capital investor, recently added Stephen Morana as a Venture Partner.






 


Grab Receives up to US$2.0 Billion Investment 

Grab, a Singapore-based on-demand transportation and mobile payments platform, will receive an up to US$2.0 billion investment in the largest single financing in the history of Southeast Asia.






 


StarCompliance Receives Investment from Luminate Capital Partners 

StarCompliance, a Rockville, MD, NYC and Houston-based provider of enterprise compliance and regulatory software solutions for the financial services industry, received an investment from Luminate Capital Partners, a San Francisco-based private equity firm.






 


Priscila Bala joins Octopus Ventures’ NYC Office 

Priscila Bala, ex-Director of the Mentor Network at the Yale Entrepreneurial Institute, recently joined Octopus Ventures, a UK-based venture capital firm.






 


The Designer Fund to Raise $40M Second Design Focused Venture Capital Fund 

The Designer Fund, a San Francisco, CA-based early stage venture capital firm, is seeking to raise its second fund.









 



 Software for Startups. Video Converter from Freemake developer
The Daily Deal Newsletter – Sign Up
Email address: 




 







 



Sign-up now to the Daily Newsletter
































David Teten: ff Venture Capital Launches New $150m Venture Capital Fund



































































 

David Teten: ff Venture Capital Launches New $150m Venture Capital Fund

December 11, 2016AlmaLinksMembers NewsNo Comments 




ff Venture Capital (ffVC), a NYC-based early-stage venture capital firm, has launched a $150m fund. 
According to a regulatory form filed with the SEC, ff Graphite (V) Venture Capital Fund, L.P., has not raised funds yet.
Led by partners John Frankel, Alex Kaltz, David Teten, Michael Faber, and Adam Plotkin, ff Venture Capital invests in startups in such areas as cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning, UAVs, enterprise software and crowdfunding. The firm also leverages an acceleration team of 25 investment and operations professionals* to actively help founders develop products, target markets and fuel growth.
Read more here:




Tags:
David Teten 




5 





 

AlmaLinks











Previous post
Yossi Hasson: Barclays Africa and Techstars invite fintech startups for Barclays Accelerator programme


Next post
Dan Stillerman: From Excel disaster to Excel master






Related Articles





 




David Teten: 18 Ways to Make Your Financial Model Stand Out to Investors


August 16, 2016AlmaLinks 







 




David Teten: Where are the Deals? How VCs Identify the Next Generation of Winning Companies


February 3, 2016AlmaLinks 







 




David Teten – Venture Capitalist | New York City | September 6, 2012


September 6, 2012AlmaLinks 



 





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *









Name *









Email *









Website







 

 
Current ye@r *




Leave this field empty























Search





  Recent Posts 

Israeli Unicorns: Challenges & Opportunities


Benjamin Weiss: A Vital Link in the Blossoming Trade Between Israel and the East


AlmaLinks Johannesburg – Netcare Ltd


Jed Kleckner: How Trust Ignites Matchmakers


“Democratizing Big Data”, Ami Gal, CEO & Co-Founder of SQream Technologies


 Categories 
Bay Area Chapter (2)

Beijing Chapter (1)

Events (28)

Events Johannesburg (6)

Events New York (9)

Events Philadelphia (4)

Events Silicon Valley (4)

Events Tel Aviv (7)

Jerusalem Chapter (3)

Johannesburg Chapter (3)

Los Angeles Chapter (1)

Member Blogs (23)

Members News (117)

New York Chapter (22)

News (26)

page chapters (10)

Philadelphia Chapter (6)

San Francisco Chapter (3)

Silicon Valley Chapter (5)

Tel Aviv Chapter (47)


Archives Archives

Select Month
 June 2017  (2)
 January 2017  (1)
 December 2016  (7)
 November 2016  (13)
 October 2016  (5)
 September 2016  (16)
 August 2016  (15)
 July 2016  (14)
 June 2016  (14)
 May 2016  (20)
 April 2016  (5)
 March 2016  (16)
 February 2016  (13)
 January 2016  (7)
 December 2015  (3)
 November 2015  (4)
 October 2015  (3)
 September 2015  (3)
 August 2015  (4)
 July 2015  (5)
 June 2015  (5)
 April 2015  (3)
 March 2015  (1)
 January 2015  (1)
 September 2014  (1)
 August 2014  (3)
 June 2014  (1)
 May 2014  (1)
 October 2013  (1)
 September 2012  (1)
 May 2012  (2)

 
























