
Security Check Required





FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














David M. Fick: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:28 PM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of National Retail Properties, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David M. Fick  Independent Director, National Retail Properties, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships60$208,750
Background

		Mr. David M. Fick founded Nandua Oyster Company in 2007 and serves as its President. Mr. Fick served as Managing Director at Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division. He joined the Stifel Nicolaus Research Team in December 2005 and covered commercial finance REITs, industrial REITs and retail REITs. Mr. Fick headed Real Estate Research and was an Analyst covering real estate investment trusts from 1997 to 2010 at Stifel Nicolaus. He was Equity Analyst of Legg ... Mason Wood Walker, Inc., Research Division.  Mr. Fick has a broad background in real estate operations and investments.He served as Equity Vice President of Alex Brown Kleinwort Benson from 1993 to 1995. He was an employed at Legg Mason, which Mr. Fick joined in 1997. He served as a Senior Vice President of Finance and Compliance at Alex Brown Kleinwort Benson and an Equity Vice President at Lasalle Partners from 1993 to 1995. Mr. Fick served as the Chief Financial Officer at Mills Corporation and Western Development Corporation from 1991 to 1994. He was a Consultant at a regional accounting firm specializing in the real estate industry. Mr. Fick is a professional Faculty Member at the Johns Hopkins University Carey Business School where he teaches graduate-level Real Estate Finance, Capital Markets and Investments. Mr. Fick has been an Independent Director of National Retail Properties Inc. since November 18, 2010. He serves as  Member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, the International Council of Shopping Centers, the Urban Land Institute and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Fick was a Member of the Investment Committee of Legg Mason Real Estate Capital. He is a practicing Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Fick received an M.B.A. from Loyola College of Baltimore and a B.S. from Towson State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
450 South Orange AvenueOrlando, Florida 32801United StatesPhone: 407-265-7348Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2010-PresentIndependent DirectorNational Retail Properties, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
The Mills CorporationStifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research DivisionLegg Mason Wood Walker, Inc., Research Division


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$100,750Total Calculated Compensation$208,750




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGregory K. Silvers J.D.President, CEO, Secretary & TrusteeEPR Properties$1.9MAndrew M. Alexander Chief Executive Officer, President & Trust ManagerWeingarten Realty Investors$700.0KWilliam C. Bayless Jr.Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorAmerican Campus Communities, Inc.$760.0KEdward K. Aldag Jr.Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Medical Properties Trust, Inc.$950.0KChristopher P. Eldredge Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.$550.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact National Retail Properties, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












David M Fick - Oklahoma City, OK | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David M Fick in Oklahoma City, OK


David M Fick

                                                                           Intelius found that David M Fick  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Oklahoma City, OK.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David M Fick is in his 70s

David Has Lived In

Oklahoma City, OK
League City, TX
Elmhurst, IL

David's Relatives

Michael Fick
Ruth Fick







David M Fick



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Self-employed Farmer at Badger State Ethanol , LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David M Fick
Get a Criminal Check on David M Fick
Get a Public Record Report on David M Fick
Get a People Search Report on David M Fick


David M Fick's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David M Fick has lived as well as David M Fick's phone numbers and email addresses.




David M Fick Has Lived in 4 States
Oklahoma Address for David M Fick


7206 N* 1**** T** 

Oklahoma City, OK


Has Lived In

Oklahoma City, OK
League City, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David M Fick

(405) ***-**** - Oklahoma City, OK 
(281) ***-**** - League City, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David M Fick



Get Email Report




David M Fick's Professional Information
Information regarding David M Fick's professional history.  Find out previous places David M Fick has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David M Fick Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Badger State Ethanol , LLC
               Title: Self-employed Farmer
Company: Badger State Ethanol , LLC
               Title: Board Member
David M Fick's Experience
Title: Self-employed Farmer
               Company: Badger State Ethanol , LLC
Job Details
               Badger State Ethanol (BSE) currently produces over 57 million gallons of ethanol per year through an enhanced dry-mill production facility in Monroe, Wisconsin. In addition to ethanol, BSE is the only plant in the world currently producing a high quality 50% corn protein (Dry Matter Basis) feed using patented Maximized Stillage Co-Products (MSC) technology (Watch our informative production process video to learn more). Additional feed products include corn oil for use in feed rations and biodiesel production plus dried distillers grain for ruminant rations. Carbon dioxide is also captured for use in the food industry. Lastest News:2013 Financial ReviewClick the chart below to see how we are doing. We love how oil companies want to keep us dependent on a dirty, climate warming, expensive fuel that is in short supply. Isn't that just great?
Title: Board Member
               Company: Badger State Ethanol , LLC
Job Details
               Badger State Ethanol (BSE) currently produces over 57 million gallons of ethanol per year through an enhanced dry-mill production facility in Monroe, Wisconsin. In addition to ethanol, BSE is the only plant in the world currently producing a high quality 50% corn protein (Dry Matter Basis) feed using patented Maximized Stillage Co-Products (MSC) technology (Watch our informative production process video to learn more). Additional feed products include corn oil for use in feed rations and biodiesel production plus dried distillers grain for ruminant rations. Carbon dioxide is also captured for use in the food industry. Lastest News:2013 Financial ReviewClick the chart below to see how we are doing. We love how oil companies want to keep us dependent on a dirty, climate warming, expensive fuel that is in short supply. Isn't that just great? 
Additional Professional Information on David M Fick

 See David M Fick's LinkedIn Profile



David M Fick's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David M Fick


David M Fick's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David M Fick's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Fick
Username Matches

                  DavidFick
                  FickDavid
                  David.Fick
                  Fick.David
                  David_Fick
                  Fick_David
                  David-Fick
                  Fick-David
                  DFick
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Fick







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











