 



Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer | Business Wire
























































Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, 
      Chief Financial Officer






November 18, 2014 07:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



EWING, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Antares Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATRS) today announced the appointment of 
      James E. Fickenscher to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief 
      Financial Officer. Mr. Fickenscher has a diversified corporate 
      background including more than 25 years of experience in the 
      pharmaceutical industry.
    


      Most recently, Mr. Fickenscher served as Chief Financial Officer of 
      Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from May 2005 until August 2014. During 
      his tenure at Auxilium, Testim® (1% testosterone gel) net 
      revenues increased from $27 million to approximately $200 million, and 
      total Company revenue grew to approximately $400 million. This revenue 
      growth was supported by a commercial organization that grew from just 
      over 100 employees to approximately 380 employees in 2013 due to 
      expansion of the field sales force supporting Testim and the addition of 
      similarly dedicated field forces for developed and acquired products. 
      From January 2000 until April 2004, Mr. Fickenscher served as Senior 
      Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Aventis Behring L.L.C., a 
      wholly owned subsidiary of Aventis, predecessor to Sanofi S.A. 
      Mr. Fickenscher joined Aventis Behring L.L.C. in 1995 as Vice President, 
      Business Development and Strategic Planning and, from that time until 
      2000, also held the positions of General Manager, Japan and Vice 
      President & General Manager, Hemophilia Business Unit. Throughout his 
      tenure at Aventis Behring L.L.C., he was also responsible for strategic 
      planning. Prior to Aventis Behring L.L.C., Mr. Fickenscher worked at 
      Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, predecessor to Sanofi S.A., in its Collegeville, 
      Pennsylvania and Paris, France offices and at Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
      Mr. Fickenscher received his B.S. at Bloomsburg University of 
      Pennsylvania. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified 
      Public Accountants.
    

      Eamonn P. Hobbs, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 
      stated, “We are pleased to have Jim join the executive leadership team 
      at Antares Pharma, bringing with him years of extensive financial, 
      business development and corporate strategy expertise. Jim’s arrival 
      will also enable Bob Apple, who was recently promoted to Chief Operating 
      Officer, to transition away from his financial responsibilities as 
      acting Chief Financial Officer and focus on his new operational 
      responsibilities.”
    

      “I’m very excited to be joining Antares Pharma, and I look forward to 
      making an immediate contribution to the organization,” Mr. Fickenscher 
      said. He continued, “I believe that my background in finance, business 
      development and product commercialization will be extremely valuable to 
      the Company, as Antares continues to focus not only on in-house 
      development of unique products, but also on combination products for 
      current and future alliance partners.”
    

About Antares Pharma


      Antares Pharma focuses on self-administered parenteral pharmaceutical 
      products. The Company markets OTREXUP™ (methotrexate) injection for 
      subcutaneous use in the treatment of adults with severe active 
      rheumatoid arthritis and children with active polyarticular juvenile 
      idiopathic arthritis. LEO Pharma markets OTREXUP™ to dermatologists for 
      adults with severe recalcitrant psoriasis. Antares Pharma is also 
      developing QuickShot® Testosterone for testosterone 
      replacement therapy. The Company's technology platforms include VIBEX® 
      disposable Medi-Jet, disposable multi-use pen injectors and reusable 
      needle-free injectors marketed as Tjet® and Zomajet® 
      by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd (Teva) and Ferring 
      Pharmaceuticals (Ferring), respectively. Antares Pharma has a 
      multi-product deal with Teva that includes Tev-Tropin® 
      [somatropin (rDNA origin) for injection] human growth hormone (hGH), 
      VIBEX® epinephrine and several other products. In the U.S. 
      Antares has received FDA approval for Gelnique 3%™ (oxybutynin) gel, a 
      treatment for overactive bladder that is marketed by Actavis. Elestrin® 
      (estradiol gel) is FDA approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe 
      vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, and is marketed in the 
      U.S. by Meda.
    

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM 
      ACT OF 1995


This press release contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements made with respect to 
      development of products for the Company and for alliance partners; and 
      other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, and 
      involve predictions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, 
      uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, 
      performance, achievements or prospects to be materially different from 
      any future results, performance, achievements or prospects expressed in 
      or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases you can 
      identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may'', 
      ''will'', ''should'', ''would'', ''expect'', ''intend'', ''plan'', 
      ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''estimate'', ''predict'', ''potential'', 
      ''seem'', ''seek'', ''future'', ''continue'', or ''appear'' or the 
      negative of these terms or similar expressions, although not all 
      forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such 
      forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
      are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to 
      differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking 
      statements. Additional information concerning these and other factors 
      that may cause actual results to differ materially from those 
      anticipated in the forward-looking statements is contained in the "Risk 
      Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
      year ended December 31, 2013, and in the Company's other periodic 
      reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The 
      Company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on the 
      forward-looking statements contained in this press release. All 
      forward-looking statements are based on information currently available 
      to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no 
      obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to 
      reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release, 
      except as required by law.





Contacts

      Antares Pharma, Inc.Jack HowarthVice President, Corporate 
      Affairs609-359-3016jhowarth@antarespharma.com


















Contacts

      Antares Pharma, Inc.Jack HowarthVice President, Corporate 
      Affairs609-359-3016jhowarth@antarespharma.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer






Business Wire




Nov 18, 2014 7:00 AM EST













 




























































  Antares Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATRS) today announced the appointment of James E. Fickenscher to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Fickenscher has a diversified corporate background including more than 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry.  Most recently, Mr. Fickenscher served as Chief Financial Officer of Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from May 2005 until August 2014. During his tenure at Auxilium, Testim ® (1% testosterone gel) net revenues increased from $27 million to approximately $200 million, and total Company revenue grew to approximately $400 million. This revenue growth was supported by a commercial organization that grew from just over 100 employees to approximately 380 employees in 2013 due to expansion of the field sales force supporting Testim and the addition of similarly dedicated field forces for developed and acquired products. From January 2000 until April 2004, Mr. Fickenscher served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Aventis Behring L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Aventis, predecessor to Sanofi S.A. Mr. Fickenscher joined Aventis Behring L.L.C. in 1995 as Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning and, from that time until 2000, also held the positions of General Manager, Japan and Vice President & General Manager, Hemophilia Business Unit. Throughout his tenure at Aventis Behring L.L.C., he was also responsible for strategic planning. Prior to Aventis Behring L.L.C., Mr. Fickenscher worked at Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, predecessor to Sanofi S.A., in its Collegeville, Pennsylvania and Paris, France offices and at Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Fickenscher received his B.S. at Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  Eamonn P. Hobbs, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "We are pleased to have Jim join the executive leadership team at Antares Pharma, bringing with him years of extensive financial, business development and corporate strategy expertise. Jim's arrival will also enable Bob Apple, who was recently promoted to Chief Operating Officer, to transition away from his financial responsibilities as acting Chief Financial Officer and focus on his new operational responsibilities."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Don't Be Surprised If Dip Buyers Jump In on Any Pullback
We'll see what happens in the way of reaction to Trump's tax policy this afternoon, but if we sell off I'm likely going to be a buyer.



Rev Shark

Apr 26, 2017 10:57 AM EDT
























Teva Discusses EpiPen Comps as Host of Generics Unveiled
The drug company has several generic drugs that will compete with the likes of Pfizer's Viagra and Valeant's Acanya.



Alicia McElhaney

Sep 9, 2016 4:34 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - ATRS, CMT And CTIC Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ATRS, CMT and CTIC



TheStreet Wire

Mar 24, 2016 10:30 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - FLML, WLFC And ATRS Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include FLML, WLFC and ATRS



TheStreet Wire

Mar 22, 2016 11:45 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


Dow Lower as GE Shares Resume Their Slide, Nasdaq Touches All-Time High


Apple Said to Be Developing Its Own OLED Displays


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


Amazon Is a Beast -- 6 Big Business Stories You Have Already Missed











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer - Pg.2 - TheStreet





































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Antares Pharma Appoints James E. Fickenscher, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer






Business Wire




Nov 18, 2014 7:00 AM EST













 


















































  "I'm very excited to be joining Antares Pharma, and I look forward to making an immediate contribution to the organization," Mr. Fickenscher said. He continued, "I believe that my background in finance, business development and product commercialization will be extremely valuable to the Company, as Antares continues to focus not only on in-house development of unique products, but also on combination products for current and future alliance partners."   About Antares Pharma  Antares Pharma focuses on self-administered parenteral pharmaceutical products. The Company markets OTREXUP™ (methotrexate) injection for subcutaneous use in the treatment of adults with severe active rheumatoid arthritis and children with active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis. LEO Pharma markets OTREXUP™ to dermatologists for adults with severe recalcitrant psoriasis. Antares Pharma is also developing QuickShot ® Testosterone for testosterone replacement therapy. The Company's technology platforms include VIBEX ® disposable Medi-Jet, disposable multi-use pen injectors and reusable needle-free injectors marketed as Tjet ® and Zomajet ® by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd (Teva) and Ferring Pharmaceuticals (Ferring), respectively. Antares Pharma has a multi-product deal with Teva that includes Tev-Tropin ® [somatropin (rDNA origin) for injection] human growth hormone (hGH), VIBEX ® epinephrine and several other products. In the U.S. Antares has received FDA approval for Gelnique 3%™ (oxybutynin) gel, a treatment for overactive bladder that is marketed by Actavis. Elestrin ® (estradiol gel) is FDA approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, and is marketed in the U.S. by Meda.  SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements made with respect to development of products for the Company and for alliance partners; and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, and involve predictions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, achievements or prospects to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or prospects expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may'', ''will'', ''should'', ''would'', ''expect'', ''intend'', ''plan'', ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''estimate'', ''predict'', ''potential'', ''seem'', ''seek'', ''future'', ''continue'', or ''appear'' or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements is contained in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and in the Company's other periodic reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release, except as required by law.   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Don't Be Surprised If Dip Buyers Jump In on Any Pullback
We'll see what happens in the way of reaction to Trump's tax policy this afternoon, but if we sell off I'm likely going to be a buyer.



Rev Shark

Apr 26, 2017 10:57 AM EDT
























Teva Discusses EpiPen Comps as Host of Generics Unveiled
The drug company has several generic drugs that will compete with the likes of Pfizer's Viagra and Valeant's Acanya.



Alicia McElhaney

Sep 9, 2016 4:34 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - ATRS, CMT And CTIC Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ATRS, CMT and CTIC



TheStreet Wire

Mar 24, 2016 10:30 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - FLML, WLFC And ATRS Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include FLML, WLFC and ATRS



TheStreet Wire

Mar 22, 2016 11:45 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


Dow Lower as GE Shares Resume Their Slide, Nasdaq Touches All-Time High


Amazon: The Most Valuable Company on the Planet


Amazon Is a Beast -- 6 Big Business Stories You Have Already Missed


Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















James Fickenscher – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending November 21, 2014
Posted on November 24, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



The Dow Chemical Company 
The Wet Seal, Inc. 
Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., 


Wyndham Worldwide 
Gannett Co., Inc. 
A. H. Belo Corporation 


Shire plc 
Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. 
Essia Health


Wood Group
Compass Minerals 
Central Maine & Quebec Railway 


National Disease Research Interchange (NDRI)
Cengage Learning
Trinity Pharma


GigOptix, Inc. 
Pluribus Networks
Antares Pharma, Inc. 


The AES Corporation 
MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc.
Genco Shipping & Trading Limited 


COR Medical Technologies 
Anterios, Inc.
The California Integrated Data Exchange 


Seres Health, Inc.
First Republic Bank 
Retrophin, Inc. 


Healthland 
Undertone
Kalibrate


Videology
Micron Technology, Inc. 
First Financial Bancorp 


Darden Restaurants, Inc.
The Children’s Place, Inc. 
Quest Solution, Inc.


Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE: DOW) announced the addition of Mark Loughridge, former Chief Financial Officer of IBM, to its Board of Directors, effective January 1, 2015. Mark Loughridge was named IBM’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2004. He was given the additional responsibility for Enterprise Transformation in July 2010 to lead IBM’s ongoing integration and transformation as well as continue in his role as CFO. Loughridge retired from this position in December 2013 after 36 years with IBM. He joined the company in 1977, where he started as a development engineer in the Office Products Division in Lexington, KY. Loughridge serves on the Board of Directors of The Vanguard Group. He is also a member of the Council on Chicago Booth.
The Wet Seal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WTSL) announced that Thomas R. Hillebrandt will assume the role of Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective December 1, 2014, concurrent with the previously announced resignation of Steven H. Benrubi, the Company’s current Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hillebrandt has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller at Wet Seal since September 2013. Previously, he served as Vice President of Finance/IT for The Territory Ahead, a multi-channel apparel retailer. Mr. Hillebrandt also previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Deckers Outdoor Corporation, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of K2 Inc., and Chief Financial Officer of Fotoball USA, Inc. In addition, he served as Chief Financial Officer for several privately held internet and technology firms.
Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. (NASDAQ: GMCR) announced that Frances G. Rathke will be leaving the Company in 2015 after 11 years of service. To facilitate a successful transition, Ms. Rathke will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer until a replacement is appointed, at which time, Ms. Rathke will serve in the new role of Strategic Advisor to the CEO. She will stay in this latter role no later than September 26, 2015.
Wyndham Worldwide (NYSE: WYN) has promoted Gail Mandel to President and CEO of Wyndham Exchange & Rentals. Mandel had previously been serving as both Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Wyndham Exchange and Rentals since March. Mandel has held a variety of financial and business leadership roles in the hospitality divisions of HFS Incorporated, Cendant Corporation, and Wyndham Worldwide.
Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI) announced that Alison (Ali) Engel, formerly senior vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of A. H. Belo Corporation, has been named vice president of finance. Engel served A. H. Belo since its spin-off in 2008 from Belo Corp. Engel joined Belo Corp. in 2003 as director/Accounting operations. She served as corporate controller from February 2005 to December 2005 and as vice president/Corporate Controller from January 2006 to July 2008. Engel has more than 19 years of financial management experience at diversified multi-unit business organizations and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
A. H. Belo Corporation (NYSE: AHC) announced that Alison K. Engel (Ali), senior vice president, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will depart at the end of 2014 to pursue another senior level financial role in the media industry.
Shire plc (NASDAQ: SHPG) mentioned that as previously announced, James Bowling, Interim Chief Financial Officer (CFO), will be leaving Shire. James’ departure date will now be February 28, 2015.  Jeff Poulton, Head of Investor Relations, will assume the role of interim CFO effective January 1, 2015. Jeff Poulton joined Shire in 2003 and has held leadership positions in finance supporting the neuroscience, gastrointestinal and rare disease business units. Prior to joining Shire, Jeff spent time at Cinergy Corp. and PPG Industries in a variety of corporate finance and business development roles.
Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: WAIR) announced that Gregory A. Hann, executive vice president and chief financial officer, has informed the company’s board of directors of his intention to retire, effective March 31, 2015. To ensure an orderly transition, Mr. Hann will continue to serve as Wesco Aircraft’s chief financial officer until a replacement can be found, and will remain an employee of the company until March 31, 2015. Thereafter, Mr. Hann will serve as a consultant to the company for one year.
Essia Health announced that Anita Pramoda, CEO of TangramCare and former chief financial officer of Epic Systems Corporation, has been appointed to the company’s board of directors, and William Moore has joined as chief financial officer. Pramoda currently serves as co-founder and CEO of TangramCare. She was recently chief financial officer at Epic Systems Corporation. She serves as an executive advisor at Technology Crossover Ventures, and is on the boards at Allscripts and Dignity Health Foundation. Prior to joining Essia Health, Moore served as the chief financial officer of 4medica. He has held a number of senior leadership finance roles, including interim chief financial officer and vice president of finance for Mood Media. He served as vice president of finance at Platinum Equity.
Wood Group announced that Alan Semple, chief financial officer (CFO) has advised the board that he intends to retire and step down from his current role and from the board at the company’s annual general meeting in May 2015, at which time he will have held senior financial roles with Wood Group for over 19 years. Alan has been CFO and a member of the board since 2000. David Kemp, CFO of Wood Group PSN will succeed Alan and will join the board as an executive director following the 2015 annual general meeting. To ensure effective management of this change, David will assume the role of deputy CFO from 1 January 2015. David Kemp joined Wood Group as CFO of Wood Group PSN in 2013.  Prior to joining Wood Group, David filled executive roles at Trap Oil Group, Technip, Simmons and Company International and Hess Corporation working across Finance, M&A and Operations.
Compass Minerals (NYSE: CMP) announced that Matthew J. Foulston will join the company as chief financial officer effective Dec. 2, 2014. Foulston comes to Compass Minerals from Navistar International in Chicago where he was the senior vice president of operations and corporate finance. Previously, he was the vice president and chief financial officer at Navistar Truck. He also served as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Mazda North America and held several leadership positions at Ford Motor Company in Germany, the U.K. and the U.S. In July of this year, Compass Minerals announced that current CFO Rodney Underdown, would be leaving the company by the end of 2014 and would assist with the transition to a new CFO.
Central Maine & Quebec Railway has appointed Harold Tynes as chief financial officer. He succeeds Sachi Mishra. Mr. Tynes has more than 30 years of management and financial leadership experience with a range of firms including the Blackstone Group, the Riverside Company, AEA Investors and Fortress Investments. He was vice president and controller and later VP financial services and treasurer at RailAmerica from 2007 through 2011 and president of RailAmerica’s Atlas Railroad Construction affiliate from 2011 to 2013. He also served as corporate controller at Great Lakes Transportation from 2002-2004. Most recently, Mr. Tynes was chief financial officer at Swanson Industries, Inc., Morgantown, West Virginia.
National Disease Research Interchange (NDRI) announced that Jessica F. Mulholland, chief financial officer and controller for eXude, Inc. has been appointed to the Board of Directors for a three-year term.
Cengage Learning announced that John Leahy has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. John most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Care.com. Previously, John served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of iRobot, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Keane, Inc. He spent the first part of his career with PepsiCo in a variety of domestic and international management assignments over 17-years, including Vice President, Global Strategic Planning and M&A. 
Trinity Pharma announced the appointment of Dennis Morgan as the company’s chief financial officer. Morgan previously served as the CFO of Acquia. Prior to Acquia, Morgan was the CFO at Buddy Media. Before beginning his tenure as a CFO, Morgan was Vice President of Corporate Finance at Yahoo!.
GigOptix, Inc. (NYSE: GIG) announced the appointment of Darren Ma as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ma, who joined GigOptix from the position of Controller of the Power Management and High Reliability and Systems Innovation business units with Semtech Corporation, replaces Curt Sacks who has separated from the company to pursue other interests. Prior to Semtech, Mr. Ma served in numerous finance roles at Intel, where he began his career, and senior finance and financial planning and
Pluribus Networks announced the appointment of George de Urioste as chief financial officer. De Urioste comes to Pluribus with more than 30 years of experience as CFO, COO, board director and advisor with companies such as Marvell, Ricoh, Remedy, Bridgelux, Vendavo and Arrayent.
Antares Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATRS) announced the appointment of James E. Fickenscher to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Fickenscher served as Chief Financial Officer of Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from May 2005 until August 2014. From January 2000 until April 2004, Mr. Fickenscher served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Aventis Behring L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Aventis, predecessor to Sanofi S.A. Mr. Fickenscher joined Aventis Behring L.L.C. in 1995 as Vice President, Business Development and Strategic Planning and, from that time until 2000, also held the positions of General Manager, Japan and Vice President & General Manager, Hemophilia Business Unit. Prior to Aventis Behring L.L.C., Mr. Fickenscher worked at Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, predecessor to Sanofi S.A., in its Collegeville, Pennsylvania and Paris, France offices and at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
The AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) announced that Bernerd Da Santos, who currently serves as Chief Financial Officer, Global Finance Operations, will serve as Acting Chief Operating Officer effective December 1, 2014. Since joining AES in 2000, Mr. Da Santos has held several positions, including Managing Director of Finance for Latin America, Chief Financial Officer of Latin America and Africa and Chief Financial Officer of Global Utilities.
MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. (NYSE: MSM) announced that Jeff Kaczka, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, plans to retire from the Company. Mr. Kaczka will continue in his current role until such time as a new Chief Financial Officer has been appointed.
Genco Shipping & Trading Limited (OTC: GSKNF) announced that John C. Wobensmith, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, has been appointed as President effective December 19, 2014. Mr. Wobensmith has over twenty years of experience in the shipping industry and has served as Genco’s Chief Financial Officer since April 2005. Since 2010, he held the roles of President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Baltic Trading Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to joining Genco, he was Senior Vice President with American Marine Advisors, Inc. Mr. Wobensmith worked in the international maritime lending group of The First National Bank of Maryland from 1993 through 2000, serving as a Vice President from 1998. The Company also announced today that Apostolos Zafolias has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective the same date as Mr. Wobensmith’s appointment as President. Mr. Zafolias joined the company in May 2005 and has served as Genco’s Executive Vice President of Finance since July 2013. Before being appointed Executive Vice President of Finance, Mr. Zafolias held various finance leadership positions at the Company. 
COR Medical Technologies announced the appointment of Richard N. Agee as its President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining COR Medical Technologies, Richard was a Principal at Stoneworth Financial, a Houston-based investment banking firm. Richard was also Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President at AR Group.
Anterios, Inc. announced that it has hired Fabian Tenenbaum to serve as its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer.  Prior to joining Anterios, Mr. Tenenbaum was the CEO of Iluminage Beauty, a Unilever joint-venture company. From 2011 to 2013, he co-founded and then served as CEO of Syneron Beauty until the company was spun-off to Unilever. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Tenenbaum was Executive Vice President and CFO for Syneron-Candela. Prior to Syneron, Mr. Tenenbaum held executive leadership positions with several life-science companies including Radiancy and Sunlight Medical. He also served on the Board of Directors for Rakuto Bio Technologies Ltd. and Fluorinex Active Ltd.
The California Integrated Data Exchange (Cal INDEX) announced the appointment of Greg LeClaire joins as chief financial officer from Aetna Inc.’s Healthagen division, where he served as chief financial officer for three companies, including Medicity, Inc., HDMS, Inc. and Population Health IT. Prior to his role within Aetna Inc.’s Healthagen division, he served as chief financial officer for ClearOne Communications, Inc., and for Utah Medical Products, Inc.
Seres Health, Inc. announced that Eric Shaff has joined Seres as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Seres, Mr. Shaff was Vice President, Corporate Finance at Momenta Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Momenta, Mr. Shaff was Vice President, Finance of Genzyme’s Rare Genetic Disease Division and held several positions at Genzyme in Business Unit Finance and Corporate Finance as well as Corporate Development. Previously, Mr. Shaff worked in Corporate Finance at Pfizer, and worked in investment banking for Broadview International (now Jefferies Broadview).
First Republic Bank (NYSE: FRC) announced that Mike Roffler, Deputy Chief Financial Officer for the past five years, has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective Jan. 1, 2015. Roffler succeeds Willis Newton, who has served as CFO of First Republic for the past 26 years. Roffler joined First Republic in 2009. Prior to joining First Republic, Roffler worked for 16 years in the audit practice at KPMG and became a Partner in 2004.
Retrophin, Inc. (NASDAQ: RTRX) announced the appointment of Laura M. Clague as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Clague is replacing Marc Panoff, who will remain for a mutually agreed upon transition period. Most recently, she served as Chief Financial Officer of the San Diego and Ohio operations of Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., after its acquisition by Bristol-Myers Squibb and subsequent divestiture to AstraZeneca. Prior to the acquisition by Bristol-Myers Squibb, Ms. Clague was the Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Amylin for 10 years. During this time, she also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Amylin’s collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company. Earlier in her career, Ms. Clague held financial roles at Sony Electronics, Inc., Cubic Corporation and KPMG. She currently serves on the board of directors of LRAD Corporation.
Healthland announced the addition of Todd Laddusaw as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Laddusaw was CFO of MicroEdge LLC. Previously, he was a finance director in the United Health Group system, and has extensive finance experience with industry leaders Thomson Reuters, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and KPMG Peat Marwick.
Undertone announced the appointments of Mark Attarian as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Undertone, Attarian served as a partner at Tatum, where he co-led the New England Technology and Private Equity practice groups.
Kalibrate announced that Gregg Budoi has joined the executive management team as CFO and executive vice president. Budoi joins Kalibrate from EZ Energy USA, Inc. (“EZ Energy”), where he was CEO and president. Prior to EZ Energy, Budoi was managing director and partner of Barnes Wendling Corporate Finance, LLC, a financial advisory firm created through the merger of Budoi & Company, Inc. and Barnes Wendling CPAs accounting firm. From 1997 to 2002, Budoi was CFO for Dairy Mart Convenience Stores, Inc.
Videology announced that it has elevated current CFO Scott Macleod to the position of President, and hired Kenneth Tarpey, former CFO of comScore, Inc. to fill the role left vacant by Macleod’s promotion.  Prior to joining comScore, Tarpey was CFO of ObjectVideo, Inc. Prior to ObjectVideo, he was CFO of several technology companies including Ai Metrix, Proxicom, NatSystems, and SQA.  Earlier in his career, Tarpey served as a senior manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) announced that Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Vice President of Finance, will retire from Micron next year. Mr. Foster has served as CFO of Micron since his appointment in April 2008.
First Financial Bancorp (NASDAQ: FFBC) announced that Tony Stollings has been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer for First Financial Bancorp. Stollings previously served as Chief Financial Officer. John Gavigan has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the company. Stollings joined First Financial in 2006 as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.  He was named Chief Risk Officer in 2011, and then was appointed Chief Financial Officer in 2013. Gavigan joined First Financial in 2008 as the Assistant Controller. He was promoted to Controller in 2011.
Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE: DRI) announced that Brad Richmond, Chief Financial Officer for the past eight years, announced his intention to retire after 32 years with the company.  His retirement will be effective at the end of March 2015 or sooner if a successor is appointed.
The Children’s Place, Inc. (NASDAQ: PLCE) announced the appointment of Anurup Pruthi as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Pruthi joins from Reliance Industries, Ltd in Mumbai, India, where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Reliance Industries, Mr. Pruthi served as Chief Executive Officer of the Future Group business consulting and services company; Chief Financial Officer, Global Merchandising and Supply Chain at Burberry PLC; Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Mexx Europe Holding, a subsidiary of Liz Claiborne, Inc.; and Group Finance Director for Liz Claiborne, Inc.
Quest Solution, Inc. (OTC: QUES) announced it has named Scot Ross as its new Chief Financial Officer, effective on the closing of the transaction with Bar Code Specialties, Inc. (BCS), which was previously announced. Mr. Ross presently serves as Executive Vice-President and CFO for BCS. Ross will also be joining the Board of Directors for The Company. Mr. Ross began his career in public accounting as a CPA and was an Audit Manager with Arthur Andersen in Orange County, California and left the firm in 1989 to join The Severin Group (the worldwide manufacturer and distributor of Gucci Timepieces) as the Worldwide Corporate Controller. In 1992, he joined a venture capital financed technology company, CDB Infotek, as its Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director before engineering the sale of the business to a division of Equifax Corporation in 1996. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Ross worked as the Vice President and CFO with Fresh Start Bakeries, Inc. and co-engineered a MBO/LBO from Campbell’s Soup Company. From 2000-2002, he served as President and CEO of E-Commerce Exchange and later sold this business to iPMT Technologies. From 2002-2007 he was the CFO of M-Audio, a digital audio and music recording company that was sold to Avid Technologies in 2004. From 2007-2010 he served as contract CFO to a variety of companies and has worked with BCS from 2011-present.
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: AEIS) announced that Danny Herron, EVP and Chief Financial Officer, will step down after a transition period to pursue other opportunities.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending June 6, 2014
Posted on June 9, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Ulta Beauty 
A.T. Kearney 
Gartner, Inc. 


Visa Inc.
MAXIMUS 
Bridge Growth Partners, LLC


Intersect ENT, Inc. 
Unwired Planet
CALIBRE Systems, Inc. 


Arctic Slope Regional Corporation 
Proteus Digital Health
Rayonier 


Freight Handlers, Inc. 
SmartPay Solutions 
Bristow Group Inc.


Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc. 
Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 


ACCENT Marketing Services LLC
Zosano Pharma, Inc. 
American Energy Partners, LP 


Mexican Restaurants, Inc. 
U-Vend, Inc. 
NetMotion Wireless


Stericycle, Inc. 
Balchem Corporation 
GWG Holdings, Inc.



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ:ULTA) announced that Vanessa Wittman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Motorola Mobility, a subsidiary of Google, Inc., has been appointed to its Board of Directors and as a member of its Audit Committee. Prior to joining Motorola Mobility in 2012, Ms. Wittman served for four years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. She previously held Chief Financial Officer roles at Adelphia Communications, 360networks, and Metricom, Inc. Ms. Wittman has been a director of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. since April 2011, and currently serves as a member of its audit committee. She previously served as a director of Infospace. 
A.T. Kearney has named Christine Laurens its Chief Financial Officer. Laurens began her career with A.T. Kearney in 2002 as Finance Director of Southwest Europe. She most recently served as VP Global Finance. Laurens began her career at Ernst & Young.
Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT) announced that Chris Lafond, Gartner’s Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the Company on June 30th to pursue other opportunities. Craig Safian, Gartner group vice president of global finance, has been named senior vice president and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Lafond has served as CFO since October 2003. Mr. Safian has been at Gartner since 2002, holding a number of senior roles in the Finance organization including head of Corporate and Divisional Finance, Corporate Development, Strategy, and Pricing. Mr. Safian worked in public accounting and has held finance leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb and Headstrong.
Visa Inc. announced that Byron H. Pollitt, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, has informed the company of his decision to retire as Chief Financial Officer within the next twelve months. Mr. Pollitt has served as Visa’s CFO for the past seven years.
MAXIMUS (NYSE: MMS) announced the appointment of Richard J. Nadeau as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Nadeau’s appointment is effective June 23, 2014. Mr. Nadeau joins MAXIMUS from SRA International. He spent the last ten years as Chief Financial Officer for three NYSE-listed companies. Previously, Mr. Nadeau spent more than 30 years in public accounting and was a partner with KPMG. Mr. Nadeau replaces David N. Walker, who previously announced his planned retirement and will remain at MAXIMUS until approximately December 2014 to ensure a smooth transition and to serve as a strategic advisor to the Chief Executive Officer. Following his retirement, Mr. Walker will continue in a part-time role.
Bridge Growth Partners, LLC announced that Alison Catchpole, former Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Solera Capital LLC, has joined the firm as Vice President of Finance and Controller. Prior to joining Solera, Ms. Catchpole spent eight years at Invesco Private Capital as Vice President of Operations. She began her career as an auditor with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Intersect ENT, Inc. announced the appointment of Jeryl Hilleman as chief financial officer. Most recently, Ms. Hilleman served as CFO of Ocera Therapeutics. From 2008 to 2012, Ms. Hilleman served as CFO of Amyris, Inc. Prior to Amyris, Ms. Hilleman served as CFO of Symyx Technologies. In addition, Ms. Hilleman led the finance function at two public biotechnology companies, Geron Corporation and Cytel Corporation. Ms. Hilleman is also a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee of Xenoport.
Unwired Planet (NASDAQ: UPIP) announced that Dallas Clement was appointed to the company’s board of directors. Mr. Clement is executive vice president and chief financial officer for Cox Automotive. Mr. Clement serves as a director of Airo.
CALIBRE Systems, Inc. announced that John C. Mutarelli has been promoted to Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer from Executive Vice President & Chief Operations Officer.
Arctic Slope Regional Corporation (ASRC) announced that Greg Resutek has been named as ASRC Federal’s chief operating officer and acting chief financial officer. Resutek joins ASRC Federal from URS Corporation’s Federal Systems Division.
Proteus Digital Health announced that Steve Fieler joins the executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Fieler was most recently CFO of HP’s software division. Jonathan Symonds CBE, Chairman of HSBC Bank Plc and former CFO of Novartis AG, has been appointed to the company’s Board of Directors.
Rayonier (NYSE: RYN) announced the appointment of Benson K. Woo as Chief Accounting Officer, effective June 9. Following the June 27 separation, Rayonier’s Performance Fibers business will become Rayonier Advanced Materials (NYSE: RYAM). Upon separation, Woo will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer of Rayonier Advanced Materials. Woo was most recently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Prestolite Electric. He began his career at General Motors, rising through the ranks over 15 years in a variety of financial roles in Michigan, New York, Canada and Brazil. He later led the financial functions of several leading companies, including Case Corporation, York International Corp., Metris Companies, TriMas Corporation and Tower Automotive.
Freight Handlers, Inc. (FHI) promoted Tal Wall to Chief Financial Officer. Tal Wall joined FHI in 1994 as Controller and advanced through the positions of Vice President of Finance and Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining FHI, Tal was controller at C.S. Henry Transfer, Inc.
SmartPay Solutions announced the appointment of Robert Conerly as chief financial officer. Most recently, he was chief financial officer at Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals), and previously held the same position at Pharmion Corporation. He held management positions at AstraZeneca and PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Bristow Group Inc. (NYSE: BRS) announced that John Briscoe has been appointed to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. John was most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Weatherford International Ltd from March 2012 to September 2013. He joined the company as Chief Accounting Officer in August 2011. Prior to Weatherford, John served as a senior executive at Transocean from 2005 through 2011 in financial roles including Vice President and Controller and Director of Investor Relations. Before joining Transocean in 2005, John held senior financial positions with Ferrellgas Inc. and Dresser Industries. His career also includes seven years of public accounting experience with KPMG and Ernst & Young. Jonathan Baliff, who has served as Bristow’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2010 and with this appointment will now serve as President until assuming the additional role of Chief Executive Officer on July 31, 2014.
Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE MKT: AMPE) announced the appointment of Gregory A. Gould as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Corporate Secretary.  Mark McGregor, the company’s current CFO, will retire from Ampio Pharmaceuticals following a transition period later this year. Most recently Greg served as the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc. Prior to his time at SeraCare, Mr. Gould was the Chief Financial Officer of Atrix Laboratories, Inc. Prior to joining Atrix Greg held positions of increasing responsibility in finance and accounting at Colorado MedTech.  Mr. Gould began his career as an auditor with Arthur Andersen, LLC.  Greg currently serves on the board of directors of CytoDyn, Inc.
Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc. announced the promotion of William “Bill” Butz is now Maxim’s president and Raymond Carbone its chief financial officer. Butz joined Maxim as chief financial officer after successfully serving as CFO and president of Erickson Living. Prior to leading the team at Erickson Living, Bill worked for Allegis Group for 15 years where he held various financial leadership positions, including CFO of Aerotek; Allegis Group’s largest operating company. Ray initially joined Maxim as vice president of finance shortly after Bill’s arrival. Prior to joining Maxim, Ray was the CFO for Major, Lindsey & Africa (MLA), which was acquired by Allegis Group in 2008. Prior to joining MLA, he served as the CFO of Stephen James Associates.
Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: AUXL) announced that James E. Fickenscher, Chief Financial Officer, is leaving the Company to pursue other interests. Mr. Fickenscher will continue in his current role through August 15, 2014.
ACCENT Marketing Services LLC announced it has appointed Don Norsworthy to the role of chief financial officer. Don joins ACCENT from CKS Packaging where he served as chief financial officer and executive vice president. Prior to his role at CKS Packaging, Don served as chief financial officer and executive vice president of Integrity Solutions Services. Don’s career experience includes Protocol Global Solutions, Portrait Corporation of America, National Vision, Inc./Vista EyeCare, Southern Mills, National Spinning and Bibb Company.
Zosano Pharma, Inc. announced the appointment of Winnie W. Tso as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Zosano, Ms. Tso was Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to that, Ms. Tso held vice president and principal accounting officer positions from 2009 to 2013, including at Velti plc. Previously, Ms. Tso held senior finance positions at several publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies, including ARYx Therapeutics, Titan Pharmaceuticals and Genelabs Technologies.
American Energy Partners, LP (AELP) announced it has hired Jeff Agosta as the Chief Financial Officer of American Energy – Utica, LLC (AEU). Agosta most recently served as Chief Financial Officer of Devon Energy Corporation from 2010 to January 2014.  Prior to his role as CFO, Agosta served Devon in various positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President – Corporate Finance and Treasurer.  He began his career with KPMG and was a manager with D. R. Payne & Associates prior to joining Devon. Ryan A. Turner has assumed new responsibilities as Chief Investment Officer and Chief Financial Officer – Institutional Investments.  Turner most recently served as Vice President – Finance of AELP.  Previously, Turner served as Vice President – Finance & Strategy of Caelus Energy, LLC.  He also served as Vice President – Strategy & Business Development of Dallas-based Kosmos Energy and prior to that was an energy investment banker with Citigroup.
Mexican Restaurants, Inc. (MRI), a subsidiary of Williston Holding Company, Inc. (PINK: WHCA), appointed Douglas Hipskind as chief financial officer. Doug joins MRI after serving as CFO of Lake Street Capital Markets. Prior to Lake Street, he served in marketing and operations roles with investment management firms Whitebox Advisors and Jundt Associates. Prior to that, Doug was a senior manager with KPMG. He also served on the board of directors of Kona Grill from 2003 through 2011.
U-Vend, Inc. (OTC: ITMVD) announced the appointment of Kathleen A. Browne as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining U-Vend, Inc., Kathleen was owner of K. Browne Consulting, a financial and accounting advisory firm she founded in 2007. From 2004 through 2007, Browne was Chief Financial Officer of NaturalNano, Inc. From 2001-2004 she was Corporate Controller and Chief Accountant for Paychex, Inc. From 1996-2000, Kathleen was Vice President Finance, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer for W.R. Grace & Co. From 1992-1996, she was Vice President/Director of Finance for Bausch & Lomb.
NetMotion Wireless announced the appointment of Cary Baker as Chief Finance Officer (CFO). Baker previously holding key leadership roles at Clearwire Corporation, Boost Mobile and Sprint.
Stericycle, Inc. (NASDAQ: SRCL) announced that it has selected Daniel V. Ginnetti, currently Stericycle’s Vice President of Corporate Finance, to succeed Frank ten Brink as Chief Financial Officer effective August 1, 2014. Frank ten Brink will continue in his role as Chief Financial Officer through the transition to Mr. Ginnetti, and thereafter, Mr. ten Brink will continue at Stericycle as Senior Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions. Dan Ginnetti joined Stericycle as Area Vice President of Finance in 2003. In 2004 he was promoted to Area Vice President for Stericycle’s Western, and later, Midwestern business units. Following that, Dan was promoted to Senior Vice President of Operations for the United States and Canada. Prior to joining Stericycle, Mr. Ginnetti held various finance and accounting positions with The Ralph M. Parsons Company, and Ryan Herco Products Corp.
Balchem Corporation (NASDAQ: BCPC) announced the promotion of William A. Backus to the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Backus joined Balchem in 2006 as Balchem’s Corporate Controller, and in 2011 was given added responsibility when he was promoted to Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer. Current CFO, Frank J. Fitzpatrick, will move to a newly established position of Vice President, Administration.
GWG Holdings, Inc. announced the appointment of William Acheson as its new Chief Financial Officer. As part of Acheson’s appointment, the Company’s long-time Chief Financial Officer, Jon Gangelhoff, will move to the position of Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Acheson served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Strategic Development for The Homeownership Preservation Foundation from 2009-2013. Prior to that position, Mr. Acheson served as Managing Director of Global Structured Finance and Investments at Merrill Lynch in London, England from 2007-2008. From 1991 to 2007, Mr. Acheson spent his career at GMAC-RESCAP where he served as Managing Director for a number of business units, concluding his career as Chief Financial Officer for the United Kingdom division (2005 to 2007).
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,391 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



 






James E. Fickenscher, Chief Financial Officer, Antares Pharma


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













James E. Fickenscher



Chief Financial Officer
at
Antares Pharma


Location: Chesterbrook, PA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









James E. Fickenscher



Chief Financial Officer
at
Antares Pharma


Location: Chesterbrook, PA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. James E. Fickenscher has been the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at Antares Pharma Inc. since November 2014. Mr. Fickenscher served as the Chief Financial Officer of Auxilium Pharmaceuticals Inc. from May 18, 2005 to August 15, 2014 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer until August 15, 2014.
Mr. Fickenscher joined Aventis Behring L.L.C. in 1995 as Vice President of Business Development and Strategic Planning. He has held the following positions at Aventis Berhing: General Manager of Japan; Vice President & General Manager of Hemophilia Business Unit and from 2000 to 2004.
From January 2000 to April 2004, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Aventis Behring L.L.C. Throughout his tenure at Aventis Behring, he was also responsible for strategic planning. He worked at Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, predecessor to Sanofi-Aventis, in its Collegeville, PA and Paris, France offices and at Deloitte-Haskins + Sells.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





2

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Pharmaceuticals




Tags
Pharmaceuticals




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



James E. FickenscherCareer (3)






Nov-2014




Antares Pharma



Chief Financial Officer







2005 to Nov-2014




Auxilium Pharmaceuticals



Chief Financial Officer







2000 to 2004




Aventis Behring



Chief Financial Officer








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



James E. FickenscherEducation






1985



Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania


Business Administration









 Edit



James E. FickenscherAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for James E. Fickenscher






 Edit



James E. FickenscherLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for James E. Fickenscher









James E. FickenscherInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for James E. Fickenscher









James E. FickenscherInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for James E. Fickenscher








James E. FickenscherRelated People








Colleagues at Antares Pharma







Robert F Apple

EVP, Chief Operating Officer
Aug-2014









Paul Wotton

President and Chief Executive Officer
Jul-2008












View all 



James E. FickenscherRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies





















ZYNE James E. Fickenscher Insider Trades for Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Kushner: Suggesting Russia role in election outcome 'ridicules' Trump's voters »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Gold's winning streak ends at six sessions »
        

















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ZYNE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 24, 2017, 1:51 p.m.


ZYNE

/quotes/zigman/54246063/composite


$
18.66




Change

-0.04
-0.20%

Volume
Volume 255,854
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/54246063/composite
Previous close

$
			18.70
		


$
				18.66
			
Change

-0.04
-0.20%





Day low
Day high
$18.31
$18.83










52 week low
52 week high

            $7.02
        

            $25.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James E. Fickenscher



Mr. James E. Fickenscher, CPA, is Chief Financial Officer & VP-Corporate Development at Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and a Member at The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Fickenscher was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Antares Pharma, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Head-Investor Relations by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Aventis Behring LLC. He received his undergraduate degree from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/12/2017
5,200


 
Acquisition at $19.82 per share.


103,064


12/07/2016
4,000


 
Acquisition at $14.03 per share.


56,120


12/06/2016
3,000


 
Acquisition at $14.15 per share.


42,450





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Armando  Anido 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Ms. Terri B. Sebree 
President




Mr. James E. Fickenscher 
Chief Financial Officer & VP-Corporate Development




Dr. Nancy  Tich 
Vice President-Clinical Operations




Dr. Donna L. Gutterman 
Vice President-Medical




Ms. Suzanne M. Hanlon 
Secretary, VP-Human Resources & General Counsel




Dr. Cynthia Ann Rask 
Independent Director




Mr. Kenneth I. Moch 
Independent Director




Dr. Daniel L. Kisner 
Independent Director




Dr. Thomas L. Harrison 
Independent Director




Mr. William J. Federici 
Independent Director




Dr. Warren D. Cooper 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:51 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:51p‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama sees ‘flash crashes’ as the biggest risk in the stock market
1:51pWall Street trader makes $265 billion bet on VIX surging by October
1:46pKushner: ‘I Did Not Collude With Russia’
1:43pGold settles a few cents lower, ends six-session streak of gains
1:43pAugust gold down 60 cents to settle at $1,254.30/oz
1:32p‘My family lost 90% of our Silicon Valley income — and we’ve never been happier’
1:31pTrump boom? Not so far. GDP to show U.S. economic recovery still historically weak
1:30pSinus sufferers spend billions of dollars a year to stop sniffling
1:30pInvestors withdraw from long-dated Treasurys ETF
1:29pDow and S&P 500 slide while Nasdaq sets fresh intraday record  
1:26p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
1:25pTulips! Financial bloggers shun bitcoin even after one of their own takes the plunge
1:22pWhat to do if a colleague starts stealing your responsibilities at work– just like what’s going on in Trump’s White House
1:17pKushner says he did not collude with Russia 
1:16pJared Kushner says all of his actions were 'proper'
1:16pBREAKINGDow slides 47 points, or 0.2%, to 21,532
1:15pBREAKINGS&P 500 slips 2 points, or 0.1%, to 2,469
1:14pBREAKINGNasdaq advances to touch all-time high of 6,400.92 
1:13pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
1:12p5 of the best places to see the ‘Great American Eclipse’ on Aug. 21
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,533.44

-46.63
-0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,400.07

+12.32
+0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.04

-2.50
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

































































 




James Fickenscher |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



James Fickenscher Profile














Full Name:

                                                    James Fickenscher
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    James E. Fickenscher has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 2005. From January 2000 until April 2004, Mr. Fickenscher served as Senior Vice... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2000


Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences

                                                United States










Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




Insider Trading - Fickenscher James E - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Fickenscher James E





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-06Purchase
2016-12-082:01 pm
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc.
ZYNE
Fickenscher James EChief Financial Officer
7,000
$14.08
$98,570
7,000(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Purchase
2016-03-2109:13 am
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
135,000
$0.72
$97,200
270,216(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-09-13Option Award
2016-09-223:58 pm
N/A2026-09-13
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc.
ZYNE
Fickenscher James EChief Financial Officer
150,000
$10.23
150,000(Direct)
View


2016-06-02Option Award
2016-06-065:19 pm
N/AN/A
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
121,050
$1.12
391,266(Direct)
View


2016-06-02Option Award
2016-06-065:19 pm
N/A2026-06-02
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
257,900
$1.12
391,266(Direct)
View


2015-05-28Option Award
2015-06-018:09 pm
N/AN/A
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
95,216
$0
193,241(Direct)
View


2015-05-28Option Award
2015-06-018:09 pm
N/A2025-05-27
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
193,241
$2.18
193,241(Direct)
View


2015-03-10Option Award
2015-03-125:39 pm
N/A2025-03-09
Antares Pharma Inc
ATRS
Fickenscher James ESenior Vice President & CFO
10,000
$2.62
10,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 12:51:47 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








