










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









FFNOX : Summary for Fidelity Oxford Street Trust: F - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 27 minsS&P 5002,469.70-5.72 (-0.23%)Dow 3021,798.36+1.81 (+0.01%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Fidelity® Four-in-One Index (FFNOX)Nasdaq - Nasdaq Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist42.36-0.06 (-0.14%)As of  8:00PM EDT. Market open.People also watchFSTMXFSEMXFNCMXFSIIXFTQGXSummaryProfileHoldingsHistorical DataPerformanceRiskPurchase info1mYTD1y5yMaxFull screenPrevious Close42.42YTD Return9.29%Expense Ratio (net)0.08%CategoryAllocation--70% to 85% EquityMorningstar Rating★★★★Morningstar Risk Rating★★★Last Cap Gain0.00Net Assets5.13BBeta (3y)1.34Yield1.96%Holdings Turnover10.00%Last Dividend0.03Inception DateJun 29, 1999Average for CategoryN/AZacks•6 months agoIs Fidelity Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX) Worth Another Look?Fidelity Four-in-One Index (FFNOX) a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) invests in a combination of four Fidelity stock and bond index fundsSponsoredInvesting DailyHow $39 Gets You A 9 Mins A Day Investing StrategyJim knew options buyers lose money 7 out of 10 times. Jim didn't make the same mistake. Now 1,000's of investors are rushing to follow his blueprint!Morningstar•10 months agoMorningstar Runs the NumbersWe take a numerical look through this week's Morningstar research. Plus, our most popular articles and videos for the week ended Sept. 16.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







Fidelity Oxford Street Trust                                                                                             - Wilmington                                        , DE         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DE



Wilmington



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Fidelity Oxford Street Trust
                                    



 





















F 


Fidelity Oxford Street Trust                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1201 N MARKET ST WILMINGTON, DE 19801
Get Directions



(214) 281-6351
 





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $203,618.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Richard Durben                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















Free Trend Analysis Report for FIDELITY OXFORD STREET TRUST: FIDELITY FOUR-IN-ONE INDEX FUND, FFNOX - MarketClub








Like This Analysis?
×


Analyze another symbol for free!



Symbol



First Name



Last Name



Email













Analyze Symbol







Mutual Trend Analysis Report
Prepared for you on Friday, July 28, 2017.
FIDELITY OXFORD STREET TRUST: FIDELITY FOUR-IN-ONE INDEX FUND (NASDAQ:FFNOX)


Smart Scan Chart Analysis is showing some near term weakness. However, this market remains in the confines of a longer term Uptrend with tight money management stops.
The Trade Triangles are generated using a proprietary algorithm that is comprised of weighted factors that include, but are not limited to - price change, percentage change, moving averages, and new highs/lows. The MarketClub trading strategy is based on the triangles, learn more here.












Open
High
Low
FFNOX Price
Change


42.36
42.36
42.36
42.36
-0.06



Entry Signal









MarketClub’s Trade Triangles for FFNOX


The long term trend has been UP since Dec 7th, 2016 at 38.67



The intermediate term trend has been UP since Apr 24th, 2017 at 40.32



The short term trend has been DOWN since Jun 5th, 2017 at 41.81


Smart Scan Analysis for FFNOX
Based on a pre-defined weighted trend formula for chart analysis, FFNOX scored +75 on a scale from -100 (strong downtrend) to +100 (strong uptrend).

 +75

                        


Strong Downtrend
Sideways
Strong Uptrend





Open
High
Low
Price
Change


42.36
42.36
42.36
42.36
-0.06


Prev. Close
Volume
Bid
Ask
Time


42.36



2017-07-28 00:00:00



52wk High42.4252wk High Date2017-07-2652wk Low36.9852wk Low Date2016-11-04Year End Close38.22Payment Date2017-04-13



Want to analyze FIDELITY OXFORD STREET TRUST: FIDELITY FOUR-IN-ONE INDEX FUND FFNOX or another symbol? Try our 
Free Mutual Trend Analysis Report.
                    

























     FFNOX | Funds Barchart Opinion for Fidelity Oxford Street Trust Fidelity Four-In-O                                      
               Your browser of choice has not been tested for use with Barchart.com. If you have issues, please download one of the browsers listed here.       Market Data & B2B Solutions       Report a Bug    Give Feedback   Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia            Financial Technology & Market Data    Market Data Feeds   OnDemand Web APIs   Website Solutions     Barchart Trader   Mobile Solutions   ISV Solutions     Content Overview   Enterprise Data Management (EDM)   Agribusiness Technology Solutions                                                      No Matching Results   Advanced search      or   Select a Commodity  Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice Hard Red Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso New Zealand Dollar South African Rand Brazilian Real Russian Ruble   Crude Oil WTI ULSD NY Harbor Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Crude Oil Brent Ethanol   T-Bond Ultra T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   S&P 500 E-Mini Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Dow Indu E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini S&P 500 VIX S&P GSCI   Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Class III Milk   Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium   Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Lumber   ICE Crude Oil Brent ICE Crude Oil WTI ICE Gas Oil ICE Natural Gas ICE RBOB Blendstock ICE Heating Oil   Euro Bund Euro Bobl Euro Schatz Euro Buxl Euro OAT Long-Term Euro BTP Long-Term Eurex Conf Long-Term Euro Bono Long-Term 10-Year Long Gilt 3-Month EuriBor 3-Month Sterling 3-Month Euroswiss   Rapeseed Feed Wheat Milling Wheat Corn   Euro Stoxx 50 Index FTSE 100 Index DAX Index Swiss Market Index CAC 40 Index AEX Index BEL 20 PSI 20 IBEX 35-Mini OMX Swedish Index VSTOXX Mini   Steel Scrap Steel Rebar   Cocoa #7 Coffee Robusta 10-T Sugar White #5                Stocks   Stocks        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Market Momentum   Market Performance   Top 100 Stocks   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Economic Overview   Earnings Within 7 Days   Earnings & Dividends   Stock Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances   Trading Liquidity     Indices   Major Indices   S&P Indices   S&P Sectors   DOW Indices   Nasdaq Index   Russell Indices   Volatility Indices   Commodities Indices   US Sectors Indices         Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top Stocks to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   Stock Signal Upgrades     Sectors   Major Market Sectors   Industry Rankings   Industry Performance            Futures   Futures        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures   Prices by Exchange   Commitment of Traders     Commodity Groupings   Major Commodities   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Contract Specifications   Futures Expirations   First Notice Dates   Options Expirations         European Futures   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures     European Groupings   Major Commodities   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Metals   Softs            Forex   Forex        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Forex Market Map   Performance Leaders         Currency Groupings   Major Cross Rates   Australian Dollar   British Pound   Canadian Dollar   Euro FX   Japanese Yen   Swiss Franc   US Dollar   Metals Rates   All Forex Markets         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Currency Converter             Options   Options        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Unusual Options Activity   Most Active Options   Highest Implied Volatility   %Change in Volatility   Change in Open Interest   Volume Leaders         Advanced Groupings   Covered Calls   Naked Puts   Bull Call Spreads   Bear Call Spreads   Bear Put Spreads   Bull Put Spreads         Optionable Stocks   Upcoming Earnings   Stocks by Sector            ETFs & Funds   ETFs & Funds        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Major ETFs   ETFs by Asset Class   Top 100 ETFs   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   ETFs Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances     Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top ETFs to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   ETFs Signal Upgrades         Mutual Funds   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Performance   Price Change   Funds Screener            News   News        Market Pulse   News Overview   Top Stories   Forex News   Options News     Futures Commentary   All Sectors   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         News by Sector   Aerospace   Agriculture   Business Services   Construction   Consumer Products   Corporate   Economy   Energy & Oil   Finance and Banking   Industrial Products   Leisure & Recreation   Media   Medical   Retail Sales   Technology & Computers   Transportation   Utilities         Barchart Exclusive   Van Meerten Stock Picks   Chart of the Day   Barchart Morning Call     Featured Sources   Zacks News   Brugler Ag Report            My Barchart   My Barchart   My Barchart        Tools   My Barchart   Watchlist   Portfolio   Portfolio Summary   Alerts         Manage Tools   Organize Watchlists   Organize Portfolios   Organize Screeners   Custom Views   Chart Templates     Account   My Profile   Site Preferences         Subscriptions   End-of-Day Watchlists   End-of-Day Portfolios   End-of-Day Reports   Barchart Newsletters   Barchart Premier           Premium Services        Barchart Premier    Access a cleaner, faster browsing experience of Barchart.com with tools and services exclusive to Premier Members.   Learn More      Trends in Futures    Learn how to analyze long term trends with Trader and Barchart's Chief Market Strategist, Gary Kamen.   Learn More      Barchart Trader    Trade from your desktop, tablet or phone with our real-time trading software.   Learn More      Futures Trading Education    Launch your own "Greatest Business on Earth" by following seasoned trader, Jim Prince, as he breaks down best ways to trade commodities.   Learn More                                          Menu      quotes   Overview   Performance Report     charts   Interactive Chart   Technical Chart     technicals   Technical Analysis   Trader's Cheat Sheet   Barchart Opinion   Trading Strategies   Price History   Comparison         

                -->
    



        

                -->
    


        Fidelity Oxford Street Trust Fidelity Four-In-O (FFNOX)    [[ item.lastPrice ]]  [[ item.priceChange ]] ([[ item.percentChange ]])  [[ item.tradeTime ]] [FUND]   Barchart Opinion for [[ item.sessionDateDisplayLong ]]      Go To:     Overview     Performance Report     Interactive Chart     Technical Chart     Technical Analysis     Trader's Cheat Sheet     Barchart Opinion     Trading Strategies     Price History     Comparison          Set Alerts    Watchlist        Overall Average: 96% Buy Overall Average Signal calculated from all 13 indicators. Signal Strength is a long-term measurement of the historical strength of the Signal, while Signal Direction is a short-term (3-Day) measurement of the movement of the Signal.      Strength: Maximum     Direction: Average                 Barchart Opinion    Indicator         Opinion         Strength & Direction            Composite Indicator            TrendSpotter   Buy      Short Term Indicators            7 Day Average Directional Indicator   Buy             10 - 8 Day Moving Average Hilo Channel   Buy             20 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy             20 - 50 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy             20 Day Bollinger Bands   Hold     20 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  80% Buy       Medium Term Indicators            40 Day Commodity Channel Index   Buy             50 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy             20 - 100 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy             50 Day Parabolic Time/Price   Buy     50 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  100% Buy       Long Term Indicators            60 Day Commodity Channel Index   Buy             100 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy             50 - 100 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy     100 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  100% Buy         Composite Indicator Signal Strength Direction            TrendSpotter   Buy   Average   Weakest      Short Term Indicators            7 Day Average Directional Indicator   Buy   Average   Weakening             10 - 8 Day Moving Average Hilo Channel   Buy   Minimum   Weakest             20 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy   Strong   Weakening             20 - 50 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy   Average   Strengthening             20 Day Bollinger Bands   Hold      Bearish     20 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  80% Buy       Medium Term Indicators            40 Day Commodity Channel Index   Buy   Weak   Weakest             50 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy   Average   Weakening             20 - 100 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy   Average   Strengthening             50 Day Parabolic Time/Price   Buy   Weak   Weakest     50 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  100% Buy       Long Term Indicators            60 Day Commodity Channel Index   Buy   Average   Weakening             100 Day Moving Average vs Price   Buy   Strong   Weakening             50 - 100 Day MACD Oscillator   Buy   Strong   Strengthening     100 - Day Average Volume: 0   Average:  100% Buy         Barchart Opinions show traders what a variety of popular trading systems are suggesting in terms of going long or short the market. The Opinions takes up to 2 years worth of historical data and runs these prices through thirteen different technical indicators. After each calculation the program assigns a buy, sell or hold value for each study, depending on where the price lies in reference to the common interpretation of the study. Barchart Opinions are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Your decision whether or not to make a purchase should be based on your own due diligence and not on any representation we make to you.     Snapshot Opinion    Yesterday       96% Buy   Last Week       100% Buy   Last Month       16% Buy     

                -->
    



  Support & Resistance       2nd Resistance Point 42.36   1st Resistance Point 42.36   Last Price 42.36   1st Support Level 42.36   2nd Support Level 42.36       See More              Log In or Sign Up    Log Out      Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia       HOME    Stocks   Market Pulse  Market Overview Market Momentum Market Performance Top 100 Stocks Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Economic Overview Earnings Within 7 Days Earnings & Dividends Stock Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances Trading Liquidity    Indices  Major Indices S&P Indices S&P Sectors DOW Indices Nasdaq Index Russell Indices Volatility Indices Commodities Indices US Sectors Indices    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top Stocks to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction Stock Signal Upgrades    Sectors  Major Market Sectors Industry Rankings Industry Performance      Futures   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures Prices by Exchange Commitment of Traders    Commodity Groupings  Major Commodities Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Contract Specifications Futures Expirations First Notice Dates Options Expirations    European Futures  Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures    European Groupings  Major Commodities Energies Financials Grains Indices Metals Softs      Forex   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Forex Market Map Performance Leaders    Currency Groupings  Major Cross Rates Australian Dollar British Pound Canadian Dollar Euro FX Japanese Yen Swiss Franc US Dollar Metals Rates All Forex Markets    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Currency Converter       Options   Market Pulse  Market Overview Unusual Options Activity Most Active Options Highest Implied Volatility %Change in Volatility Change in Open Interest Volume Leaders    Advanced Groupings  Covered Calls Naked Puts Bull Call Spreads Bear Call Spreads Bear Put Spreads Bull Put Spreads    Optionable Stocks  Upcoming Earnings Stocks by Sector      ETFs & Funds   Market Pulse  Market Overview Major ETFs ETFs by Asset Class Top 100 ETFs Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows ETFs Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top ETFs to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction ETFs Signal Upgrades    Mutual Funds  Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Performance Price Change Funds Screener      News   Market Pulse  News Overview Top Stories Forex News Options News    Futures Commentary  All Sectors Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    News by Sector  Aerospace Agriculture Business Services Construction Consumer Products Corporate Economy Energy & Oil Finance and Banking Industrial Products Leisure & Recreation Media Medical Retail Sales Technology & Computers Transportation Utilities    Barchart Exclusive  Van Meerten Stock Picks Chart of the Day Barchart Morning Call    Featured Sources  Zacks News Brugler Ag Report      My Barchart   Tools  My Barchart Watchlist Portfolio Portfolio Summary Alerts    Manage Tools  Organize Watchlists Organize Portfolios Organize Screeners Custom Views Chart Templates    Account  My Profile Site Preferences    Subscriptions  End-of-Day Watchlists End-of-Day Portfolios End-of-Day Reports Barchart Newsletters Barchart Premier      B2B SOLUTIONS   Market Data Feeds OnDemand Web APIs Website Solutions Barchart Trader Mobile Solutions ISV Solutions Enterprise Data Management (EDM) Agribusiness Technology Solutions        Report a Bug      Give Feedback          Barchart Opinion        Barchart Opinions show traders what a variety of popular trading indicators are suggesting in terms of going long or short. The Opinions takes up to 2 years worth of historical data and runs these prices through thirteen different technical indicators. After each calculation the program assigns a buy, sell or hold value for each study, depending on where the price lies in reference to the common interpretation of the study. For example if the price is above the moving average of the stock then this is generally considered an upward trend or a buy. Note: A security needs to have at least 101 active trading days in order to generate an Opinion reading. Calculations The Short, Medium and Long term indicators are grouped together and calculated separately for their groups. The overall indicator is a composite of all 13 studies listed on the page.  A Buy is assigned 1 point A Sell is assigned -1 point A Hold is assigned 0 points  The indicator value is determined by adding up the totals for the different groups and dividing this sum by the number of studies in the group, The indicator is expressed in terms of a percentage. If the total is greater than zero, then this is a Buy. If the total is zero, then this is a Hold. If the total is less than zero, then this is a Sell. To keep the results in a more logical format, we factor the overall opinion by 1.04 to keep the end result in multiples of 8 percentage points, with the exception of a 100% buy or sell. This is why the opinion indicators will be displayed as 8%, 16%, ... 88%, 96% and 100%, for example, rather the exact percentage value. Opinions are updated every ten minutes throughout the day, using delayed data from the exchanges.Support and Resistance This section shows a snapshot view of the Trader's Cheat Sheet with the Last Price, and four separate pivot points (2 Support Levels, and 2 Resistance Points). The Last Price shown is the last trade price at the time the quote page was displayed, and will not update every 10 seconds (as the Last Price at the top of the Quote page does). The Last Price will update only when the page is refreshed. Pivot points are used to identify intraday support, resistance and target levels. The pivot point and its support and resistance pairs are defined as follows, where H, L, C are the current day's high, low and close, respectively. Support and Resistance points are based on end-of-day prices and are intended for the current trading session if the market is open, or the next trading session if the market is closed.   Pivot Point: (P) = (H + L + C) / 3 First Resistance Level: (R1) = (2 * P) - L First Support Level: (S1) = (2 * P) - H Second Resistance Level: (R2) = P + (R1 - S1) Second Support Level: (S2) = P - (R1 - S1) Signal Strength The signal strength is a long-term measurement of the strength of the signal compared to the strength of the signal historically. The strength can be one of the following five readings:  Maximum Strong Average Weak Minimum   Maximum is the strongest this signal has been in the historical period, and minimum is the weakest the signal has been in the historical period. The stronger a signal strength, the less volatile the signal. For example, a maximum buy signal is less likely to change to a hold or a sell signal than a weak buy signal. A hold signal does not have any strength. Signal Direction  Buy/Sell Signal Direction The signal direction is a short-term (3-day) measurement of the current movement of the signal. Regardless if signal is a buy or sell, the direction is an indication of whether the most recent price movement is going along with the signal. The buy/sell direction can be one of the following five readings:  Strongest Strengthening Average Weakening Weakest  A buy signal with a "strongest" direction means a buy signal which is becoming stronger. Similarly, a sell signal with a "strongest" direction is becoming stronger. The direction goes with the signal. Hold Signal Direction The signal direction of a hold signal is a short-term (3-day) measurement of where the signal is heading, be it toward a buy signal or a sell signal. The hold direction can be one of the following five readings:  Bullish Rising Steady Falling Bearish  A bullish hold signal indicates that the signal is heading toward a buy configuration, and a bearish hold signal indicates that the signal is heading toward a sell configuration.  Barchart Opinion & Trading Performance Barchart Opinions add market-timing information by calculating and interpreting signal strength and direction. Unique to Barchart.com, Opinions analyzes a stock or commodity using 13 popular analytics in short-, medium- and long-term periods. Results are interpreted as buy, sell or hold signals, each with numeric ratings and summarized with an overall percentage buy or sell rating. For example, a price above its moving average is generally considered an upward trend or a buy. Each Opinion requires six months' worth of trading activity and run the prices through 13 different technical indicators.   Composite Indicators: Shows the signal for TrendSpotter, a proprietary Barchart indicator. Short Term Indicators: Shows signals for the 5 short-term indicators, with a overall short-term average signal. Also includes a 20-day Average Volume. Medium Term Indicators: Shows signals for the 4 medium-term indicators, with a overall medium-term average signal. Also includes a 50-day Average Volume. Long-Term Indicators: Shows signals for the 3 long-term indicators, with a overall long-term average signal. Also includes a 100-day Average Volume. Overall Average: Shows the overall average signal for all indicators, with Support, Resistance and Pivot Point. Snapshot Opinion This widget shows how the overall Barchart Opinion has changed over the last 4 periods (today, yesterday, last week and last month).                                  Add Data Columns to this Table Learn about our Custom Views   Want to use this as  your default charts setting? Learn about our Custom Templates   Switch the Market flag above for targeted data. Open the menu and switch the  Market flag for targeted data.    






















     FFNOX | Funds Price Quote for Fidelity Oxford Street Trust Fidelity Four-In-O                                      
               Your browser of choice has not been tested for use with Barchart.com. If you have issues, please download one of the browsers listed here.       Market Data & B2B Solutions       Report a Bug    Give Feedback   Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia            Financial Technology & Market Data    Market Data Feeds   OnDemand Web APIs   Website Solutions     Barchart Trader   Mobile Solutions   ISV Solutions     Content Overview   Enterprise Data Management (EDM)   Agribusiness Technology Solutions                                                      No Matching Results   Advanced search      or   Select a Commodity  Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice Hard Red Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso New Zealand Dollar South African Rand Brazilian Real Russian Ruble   Crude Oil WTI ULSD NY Harbor Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Crude Oil Brent Ethanol   T-Bond Ultra T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   S&P 500 E-Mini Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Dow Indu E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini S&P 500 VIX S&P GSCI   Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Class III Milk   Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium   Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Lumber   ICE Crude Oil Brent ICE Crude Oil WTI ICE Gas Oil ICE Natural Gas ICE RBOB Blendstock ICE Heating Oil   Euro Bund Euro Bobl Euro Schatz Euro Buxl Euro OAT Long-Term Euro BTP Long-Term Eurex Conf Long-Term Euro Bono Long-Term 10-Year Long Gilt 3-Month EuriBor 3-Month Sterling 3-Month Euroswiss   Rapeseed Feed Wheat Milling Wheat Corn   Euro Stoxx 50 Index FTSE 100 Index DAX Index Swiss Market Index CAC 40 Index AEX Index BEL 20 PSI 20 IBEX 35-Mini OMX Swedish Index VSTOXX Mini   Steel Scrap Steel Rebar   Cocoa #7 Coffee Robusta 10-T Sugar White #5                Stocks   Stocks        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Market Momentum   Market Performance   Top 100 Stocks   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Economic Overview   Earnings Within 7 Days   Earnings & Dividends   Stock Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances   Trading Liquidity     Indices   Major Indices   S&P Indices   S&P Sectors   DOW Indices   Nasdaq Index   Russell Indices   Volatility Indices   Commodities Indices   US Sectors Indices         Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top Stocks to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   Stock Signal Upgrades     Sectors   Major Market Sectors   Industry Rankings   Industry Performance            Futures   Futures        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures   Prices by Exchange   Commitment of Traders     Commodity Groupings   Major Commodities   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Contract Specifications   Futures Expirations   First Notice Dates   Options Expirations         European Futures   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Futures Market Map   Performance Leaders   Most Active Futures     European Groupings   Major Commodities   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Metals   Softs            Forex   Forex        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Long Term Trends   Today's Price Surprises   Highs & Lows   Forex Market Map   Performance Leaders         Currency Groupings   Major Cross Rates   Australian Dollar   British Pound   Canadian Dollar   Euro FX   Japanese Yen   Swiss Franc   US Dollar   Metals Rates   All Forex Markets         Trading Signals   New Recommendations     Resources   Currency Converter             Options   Options        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Unusual Options Activity   Most Active Options   Highest Implied Volatility   %Change in Volatility   Change in Open Interest   Volume Leaders         Advanced Groupings   Covered Calls   Naked Puts   Bull Call Spreads   Bear Call Spreads   Bear Put Spreads   Bull Put Spreads         Optionable Stocks   Upcoming Earnings   Stocks by Sector            ETFs & Funds   ETFs & Funds        Market Pulse   Market Overview   Major ETFs   ETFs by Asset Class   Top 100 ETFs   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   ETFs Screener     Performance Leaders   Percent Change   Price Change   Range Change   Gap Up & Gap Down   Five Day Gainers         Most Active   Volume Leaders   Price Volume Leaders   Volume Advances     Trading Signals   New Recommendations   Top ETFs to Own   Top Signal Strength   Top Signal Direction   ETFs Signal Upgrades         Mutual Funds   Today's Price Surprises   New Highs & Lows   Performance   Price Change   Funds Screener            News   News        Market Pulse   News Overview   Top Stories   Forex News   Options News     Futures Commentary   All Sectors   Currencies   Energies   Financials   Grains   Indices   Meats   Metals   Softs         News by Sector   Aerospace   Agriculture   Business Services   Construction   Consumer Products   Corporate   Economy   Energy & Oil   Finance and Banking   Industrial Products   Leisure & Recreation   Media   Medical   Retail Sales   Technology & Computers   Transportation   Utilities         Barchart Exclusive   Van Meerten Stock Picks   Chart of the Day   Barchart Morning Call     Featured Sources   Zacks News   Brugler Ag Report            My Barchart   My Barchart   My Barchart        Tools   My Barchart   Watchlist   Portfolio   Portfolio Summary   Alerts         Manage Tools   Organize Watchlists   Organize Portfolios   Organize Screeners   Custom Views   Chart Templates     Account   My Profile   Site Preferences         Subscriptions   End-of-Day Watchlists   End-of-Day Portfolios   End-of-Day Reports   Barchart Newsletters   Barchart Premier           Premium Services        Barchart Premier    Access a cleaner, faster browsing experience of Barchart.com with tools and services exclusive to Premier Members.   Learn More      Trends in Futures    Learn how to analyze long term trends with Trader and Barchart's Chief Market Strategist, Gary Kamen.   Learn More      Barchart Trader    Trade from your desktop, tablet or phone with our real-time trading software.   Learn More      Futures Trading Education    Launch your own "Greatest Business on Earth" by following seasoned trader, Jim Prince, as he breaks down best ways to trade commodities.   Learn More                                          Menu      quotes   Overview   Performance Report     charts   Interactive Chart   Technical Chart     technicals   Technical Analysis   Trader's Cheat Sheet   Barchart Opinion   Trading Strategies   Price History   Comparison         

                -->
    



        

                -->
    


        Fidelity Oxford Street Trust Fidelity Four-In-O (FFNOX)    [[ item.lastPrice ]]  [[ item.priceChange ]] ([[ item.percentChange ]])  [[ item.tradeTime ]] [FUND]   Quote Overview for [[ item.sessionDateDisplayLong ]]      Go To:     --Select Page--     Performance Report     Interactive Chart     Technical Chart     Technical Analysis     Trader's Cheat Sheet     Barchart Opinion     Trading Strategies     Price History     Comparison          Set Alerts    Watchlist          [[ rowChartData.labelLow ]] [[ rowChartData.lowPriceFormatted ]] [[ rowChartData.lowPrice ]]   [[ rowChartData.labelHigh ]] [[ rowChartData.highPriceFormatted ]] [[ rowChartData.highPrice ]]      since [[ rowChartData.lowDate ]]   since [[ rowChartData.highDate ]]      [[ fieldTitles[key] ]]  [[ value ]] [[ value ]]        [[ ctrl.chartTitle ]]  Full Chart             Price Performance See More      Period Period Low  Period High Performance     1-Month      41.34 +2.47%  on 07/06/17         42.42 -0.14%  on 07/26/17     +0.83 (+2.00%)  since 06/27/17      3-Month      40.61 +4.31%  on 05/17/17         42.42 -0.14%  on 07/26/17     +1.62 (+3.98%)  since 04/27/17      52-Week      36.20 +17.01%  on 11/04/16         42.42 -0.14%  on 07/26/17     +5.26 (+14.17%)  since 07/27/16           Barchart Technical Opinion     Strong   buy      The Barchart Technical Opinion rating is a 96% Buy with a Average short term outlook on maintaining the current direction.     Longer term, the trend strength is Maximum.   Long term indicators fully support a continuation of the trend.     The market is in highly overbought territory. Beware of a trend reversal.    See More      Get API Access to FFNOX Quotes    

                -->
    



   FFNOX Dividends     Date Value     04/12/17 $0.0310   12/28/16 $0.7980   04/15/16 $0.0140   12/29/15 $0.7520                 Log In or Sign Up    Log Out      Market:  Market:         US       Canada       UK       Australia       HOME    Stocks   Market Pulse  Market Overview Market Momentum Market Performance Top 100 Stocks Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Economic Overview Earnings Within 7 Days Earnings & Dividends Stock Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances Trading Liquidity    Indices  Major Indices S&P Indices S&P Sectors DOW Indices Nasdaq Index Russell Indices Volatility Indices Commodities Indices US Sectors Indices    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top Stocks to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction Stock Signal Upgrades    Sectors  Major Market Sectors Industry Rankings Industry Performance      Futures   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures Prices by Exchange Commitment of Traders    Commodity Groupings  Major Commodities Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Contract Specifications Futures Expirations First Notice Dates Options Expirations    European Futures  Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Futures Market Map Performance Leaders Most Active Futures    European Groupings  Major Commodities Energies Financials Grains Indices Metals Softs      Forex   Market Pulse  Market Overview Long Term Trends Today's Price Surprises Highs & Lows Forex Market Map Performance Leaders    Currency Groupings  Major Cross Rates Australian Dollar British Pound Canadian Dollar Euro FX Japanese Yen Swiss Franc US Dollar Metals Rates All Forex Markets    Trading Signals  New Recommendations    Resources  Currency Converter       Options   Market Pulse  Market Overview Unusual Options Activity Most Active Options Highest Implied Volatility %Change in Volatility Change in Open Interest Volume Leaders    Advanced Groupings  Covered Calls Naked Puts Bull Call Spreads Bear Call Spreads Bear Put Spreads Bull Put Spreads    Optionable Stocks  Upcoming Earnings Stocks by Sector      ETFs & Funds   Market Pulse  Market Overview Major ETFs ETFs by Asset Class Top 100 ETFs Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows ETFs Screener    Performance Leaders  Percent Change Price Change Range Change Gap Up & Gap Down Five Day Gainers    Most Active  Volume Leaders Price Volume Leaders Volume Advances    Trading Signals  New Recommendations Top ETFs to Own Top Signal Strength Top Signal Direction ETFs Signal Upgrades    Mutual Funds  Today's Price Surprises New Highs & Lows Performance Price Change Funds Screener      News   Market Pulse  News Overview Top Stories Forex News Options News    Futures Commentary  All Sectors Currencies Energies Financials Grains Indices Meats Metals Softs    News by Sector  Aerospace Agriculture Business Services Construction Consumer Products Corporate Economy Energy & Oil Finance and Banking Industrial Products Leisure & Recreation Media Medical Retail Sales Technology & Computers Transportation Utilities    Barchart Exclusive  Van Meerten Stock Picks Chart of the Day Barchart Morning Call    Featured Sources  Zacks News Brugler Ag Report      My Barchart   Tools  My Barchart Watchlist Portfolio Portfolio Summary Alerts    Manage Tools  Organize Watchlists Organize Portfolios Organize Screeners Custom Views Chart Templates    Account  My Profile Site Preferences    Subscriptions  End-of-Day Watchlists End-of-Day Portfolios End-of-Day Reports Barchart Newsletters Barchart Premier      B2B SOLUTIONS   Market Data Feeds OnDemand Web APIs Website Solutions Barchart Trader Mobile Solutions ISV Solutions Enterprise Data Management (EDM) Agribusiness Technology Solutions        Report a Bug      Give Feedback          Quote Overview        The Quote Overview page gives you a snapshot view for a specific Mutual Fund symbol. The Summary displays snapshot end-of-day quote data. Information is updated every day at approximately 6P CST. The Last Price, Change, and Change Percent is listed at the top, with other quote data listed in the quoteboard below.  Quoteboard data fields include:  Day High / Low: The highest and lowest trade price for the current trading session. Open: The opening price for the current trading session is plotted on the day's High/Low histogram. Previous Close: The closing price from the previous trading session. Weighted Alpha: A measure of how much a stock or commodity has risen or fallen over a one-year period. Barchart takes this Alpha and weights this, assigning more weight to recent activity, and less (0.5 factor) to activity at the beginning of the period. Thus, Weighted Alpha is a measure of one-year growth with an emphasis on the most recent price activity. YTD High, Low, Change, %Change: The high and low price year-to-date, with the change and percent change year-to-date.  Chart SnapshotA thumbnail of a daily chart is provided, with a link to open and customize a full-sized chart.Price Performance This section shows the Highs and Lows over the past 1, 3 and 12-Month periods. Click the "See More" link to see the full Performance Report page with expanded historical information.Barchart Technical Opinion The Barchart Technical Opinion widget shows you today's overally Barchart Opinion with general information on how to interpret the short and longer term signals. Unique to Barchart.com, Opinions analyzes a stock or commodity using 13 popular analytics in short-, medium- and long-term periods. Results are interpreted as buy, sell or hold signals, each with numeric ratings and summarized with an overall percentage buy or sell rating. After each calculation the program assigns a Buy, Sell, or Hold value with the study, depending on where the price lies in reference to the common interpretation of the study. For example, a price above its moving average is generally considered an upward trend or a buy. A symbol will be given one of the following overall ratings:  Strong Buy (greater than "66% Buy") Buy (greater than or equal to "33% Buy" and less than or equal to "66% Buy") Weak Buy ("0% Buy" through "33% Buy") Hold Strong Sell (greater than "66% Sell") Sell (greater than or equal to "33% Sell" and less than or equal to "66% Sell") Weak Sell ("0% Sell" through "33% Sell")  The current reading of the 14-Day Stochastic indicator is also factored into the interpretation. The following information will appear when the following conditions are met:   If the 14-Day Stochastic %K is greater than 90 and the Overall Opinion is a Buy, the following displays: "The market is in highly overbought territory. Beware of a trend reversal." If the 14-Day Stochastic %K is greater than 80 and the Overall Opinion is a Buy, the following displays: "The market is approaching overbought territory. Be watchful of a trend reversal."  If the 14-Day Stochastic %K is less than 10 and the Overall Opinion is a Sell, the following displays: "The market is in highly oversold territory. Beware of a trend reversal."  If the 14-Day Stochastic %K is less than 20 and the Overall Opinion is a Sell, the following displays: "The market is approaching oversold territory. Be watchful of a trend reversal."                                  Add Data Columns to this Table Learn about our Custom Views   Want to use this as  your default charts setting? Learn about our Custom Templates   Switch the Market flag above for targeted data. Open the menu and switch the  Market flag for targeted data.    






















