










 




Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Co. The fund is co-managed by FMR Co., Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap and mid-cap companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach focusing on factors like product innovation, economic ...
Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Co. The fund is co-managed by FMR Co., Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap and mid-cap companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach focusing on factors like product innovation, economic plans, demographics, social attitudes, issuer's financial condition and industry position, market and economic conditions, earnings outlook, strategy, and management to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund was formed on December 28, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1992



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316200302







Key Executives for Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund




Ms. Christine Reynolds


      	President and Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Paul M. Murphy


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. John D. Roth CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust - Fidelity New Millennium Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316200302.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST - FAGKX Proxy Statement (definitive) (DEF 14A) PROXY STATEMENT





















About EDGAR Online

|
Login












Dashboard
TodayCompany
Industry
Search
Screener
Analytics

  










 















Enter your Email for a Free Trial:








The following is an excerpt from a DEF 14A SEC Filing, filed by FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST on 4/19/2002.





 Next Section












 Previous Section





-- Use Sections To Navigate Through The Document --
FORM DEF 14A
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
INSTRUCTIONS FOR EXECUTING PROXY CARD
PROXY STATEMENT
SUBMISSION OF CERTAIN SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
What is Article VIII, Section 4 of the Declaration of Trust? ...












FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST - DEF 14A - 20020419 - PROXY_STATEMENT







	PROXY STATEMENT




	SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF

	FIDELITY MT. VERNON STREET TRUST:

	FIDELITY AGGRESSIVE GROWTH FUND

	FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY FUND

	FIDELITY NEW MILLENNIUM FUND

	TO BE HELD ON JUNE 19, 2002



	This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with a solicitation of proxies made by, and on behalf of, the Board of
	Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust (the trust) to be used at the Special Meeting of Shareholders of Fidelity
	Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund (the funds) and at any
	adjournments thereof (the Meeting), to be held on June 19, 2002 at 9:00 a.m. ET at 27 State Street, 10th Floor, Boston,
	Massachusetts 02109, an office of the trust and Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR), the funds' investment
	adviser.


	The purpose of the Meeting is set forth in the accompanying Notice. The solicitation is being made primarily by the
	mailing of this Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy card on or about April 22, 2002. Supplementary
	solicitations may be made by mail, telephone, telegraph, facsimile, electronic means or by personal interview by
	representatives of the


	trust.


	In addition, D.F. King & Co., Inc

	.

	may be paid on a per-call basis to solicit shareholders on behalf
	of the funds at an anticipated cost of approximately $<R>20,000</R> (Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund), $<R>20,000</R>
	(Fidelity Growth Company Fund), and $<R>10,000</R> (Fidelity New Millennium Fund). The funds may also arrange to
	have votes recorded by telephone. D.F. King & Co., Inc. may be paid on a per-call basis for vote-by-phone solicitations on
	behalf of the funds at an anticipated cost of approximately $<R>10,000</R> (Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund),
	$<R>10,000</R> (Fidelity Growth Company Fund), and $<R>10,000</R> (Fidelity New Millennium Fund). If the funds
	record votes by telephone or through the internet, they will use procedures designed to authenticate shareholders'
	identities, to allow shareholders to authorize the voting of their shares in accordance with their instructions, and to
	confirm that their instructions have been properly recorded. Proxies voted by telephone or through the internet may be
	revoked at any time before they are voted in the same manner that proxies voted by mail may be revoked. The expenses in
	connection with preparing this Proxy Statement and its enclosures and of all solicitations will be paid by the funds. The
	funds will reimburse brokerage firms and others for their reasonable expenses in forwarding solicitation material to the
	beneficial owners of shares.


	The principal business address of FMR, each fund's investment adviser and administrator, Fidelity Distributors
	Corporation (FDC), each fund's principal underwriter and distribution agent, and FMR Co., Inc. (FMRC), sub-adviser to
	the funds, is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109. Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. (FMR
	U.K.), located at 25 Lovat Lane, London, EC3R 8LL, England; Fidelity Management & Research (Far East) Inc. (FMR Far
	East), located at Shiroyama JT Mori Bldg., 4-3-1 Toranomon Minato-ku, Tokyo 105, Japan; and Fidelity Investments
	Japan Limited (FIJ), located at 1-8-8 Shinkawa, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan are also sub-advisers to the funds.


	If the enclosed proxy card is executed and returned, <R>or an internet or telephonic vote is delivered, that vote</R>
	may nevertheless be revoked at any time prior to its use by written notification received by the trust, by the execution of a
	later-dated proxy card, by the trust's receipt of a subsequent valid internet or telephonic vote, or by attending the Meeting
	and voting in person.


	All proxies solicited by the Board of Trustees that are properly executed and received by the Secretary prior to the
	Meeting, and are not revoked, will be voted at the Meeting. Shares represented by such proxies will be voted in accordance
	with the instructions thereon. If no specification is made on a proxy card, it will be voted FOR the matters specified on the
	proxy card. All shares that are voted and votes to ABSTAIN will be counted towards establishing a quorum, as will broker
	non-votes for matters required by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act) to be approved by a "majority of the
	outstanding voting securities" of the funds. (Broker non-votes are shares for which (i) the beneficial owner has not voted
	and (ii) the broker holding the shares does not have discretionary authority to vote on the particular matter.)


	With respect to fund shares held in Fidelity individual retirement accounts (including Traditional, Rollover, SEP,
	SARSEP, Roth and SIMPLE IRAs), the IRA Custodian will vote those shares for which it has received instructions from
	shareholders only in accordance with such instructions. If Fidelity IRA shareholders do not vote their shares, the IRA
	Custodian will vote their shares for them, in the same proportion as other Fidelity IRA shareholders have voted, but only
	to the extent necessary to reach quorum at the meeting.


	If a quorum is not present at the Meeting, or if a quorum is present at the Meeting but sufficient votes to approve one or
	more of the proposed items are not received, or if other matters arise requiring shareholder attention, the persons named as
	proxy agents may propose one or more adjournments of the Meeting to permit further solicitation of proxies. Any such
	adjournment will require the affirmative vote of a majority of those shares present at the Meeting or represented by proxy.
	When voting on a proposed adjournment, the persons named as proxy agents will vote FOR the proposed adjournment all
	shares that they are entitled to vote with respect to each item, unless directed to vote AGAINST the item, in which case such
	shares will be voted AGAINST the proposed adjournment with respect to that item. A shareholder vote may be taken on one or
	more of the items in this Proxy Statement prior to such adjournment if sufficient votes have been received and it is otherwise
	appropriate.


	Please visit www.fidelity.com/goto/proxies to determine the status of this scheduled shareholder Meeting.


	Shares of each fund of the trust issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2002 are indicated in the following table:





	<R>Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund




	385,292,259</R>






	<R>Fidelity Growth Company Fund




	433,490,983</R>






	<R>Fidelity New Millennium Fund




	109,225,090</R>





	Shareholders of record at the close of business on April 22, 2002 will be entitled to vote at the Meeting. Each such
	shareholder will be entitled to one vote for each dollar of net asset value held on that date.



	For a free copy of each fund's annual report for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001 call 1-800-544-3198 or
	write to


	Fidelity Distributors Corporation at 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.




	VOTE REQUIRED: <R>Approval of Proposals 1 and 2 require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the entire
	trust voted in person or by proxy at the Meeting, and a plurality of such shares is sufficient to elect trustees pursuant to
	Proposal 5. Approval of Proposals 3 and 4 requires the affirmative vote of a "majority of the outstanding voting securities"
	of the entire trust. With respect to Proposals 1 through 5, votes to ABSTAIN will have the same effect as votes cast
	AGAINST the proposal, and broker non-votes will not have any effect on the proposal.


	</R> Approval of Proposals


	<R>6</R> through


	<R>9</R> requires the affirmative vote of a "majority of the outstanding voting securities" of the
	appropriate funds. Under the 1940 Act, the vote of a "majority of the outstanding voting securities" means the affirmative
	vote of the lesser of (a) 67% or more of the voting securities present at the Meeting or represented by proxy if the holders
	of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy or (b) more than 50% of the
	outstanding voting securities. <R>With respect to Proposals 6 through 9, v</R>otes to ABSTAIN and broker non-votes will
	have the same effect as votes cast AGAINST the proposal.




	1. TO CONTINUE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF ARTICLE VIII, SECTION 4 OF THE DECLARATION OF TRUST



	The Board of Trustees recommends that shareholders vote to continue the effectiveness of Article VIII, Section 4 of
	the Declaration of Trust.


	On September 14, 2000, pursuant to authority granted to the Trustees under Article XII, Section 7 of the Declaration of
	Trust and applicable laws, the Trustees modified a provision in the Declaration of Trust to resolve any legal uncertainty
	regarding derivative actions brought on behalf of a fund. Notwithstanding their authority to amend the Declaration of
	Trust, the Trustees authorized the submission of this amendment to shareholders to vote on the continued effectiveness
	of the provision. The amended provision currently in effect is set forth below.


	Section 4. A Shareholder may bring derivative action on behalf of the Trust only if the Shareholder or
	Shareholders first make a pre-suit demand upon the Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to
	cause the Trustees to bring such action is excused. A demand on the Trustees shall only be excused if a
	majority of the Board of Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider such action, has a
	personal financial interest in the action at issue. A Trustee shall not be deemed to have a personal financial
	interest in an action or otherwise be disqualified from ruling on a Shareholder demand by virtue of the fact that
	such Trustee receives remuneration from his service on the Board of Trustees of the Trust or on the boards of
	one or more investment companies with the same or an affiliated investment advisor or underwriter.


	The amendment provides that a Trustee shall not be deemed to have a personal interest or otherwise be disqualified
	from considering a pre-suit demand by a shareholder to bring a derivative action on behalf of a fund due to his or her
	service on


	boards of trustees of other funds with the same or affiliated investment advisor or underwriter. There is some legal
	uncertainty regarding whether a Trustee serving on multiple boards of trustees is independent of the investment advisor
	and, therefore, permitted to consider a pre-suit demand by a shareholder seeking to assert a claim against a fund's
	investment advisor. The Trustees seek to ensure that they retain the ability to manage the affairs of the funds, including
	control of derivative actions that are brought on behalf of a fund. This provision in the amendment will resolve any legal
	uncertainty by expressly stating that a Trustee shall not be deemed to have a personal interest or otherwise be disqualified
	from considering a pre-suit demand due to his or her service on multiple fund boards of trustees.


	Continuing the effectiveness of the amendment will

	not

	alter in any way the Trustees' existing fiduciary obligations to act
	with due care and in shareholders' interests.


	If shareholders do not vote to continue the provision's effectiveness, the Trustees will execute an amended and restated
	Declaration of Trust which eliminates Article VIII, Section 4.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that continuing the effectiveness of the amendment to Article VIII,
	Section 4 of the Declaration of Trust is in the best interests of the trust's shareholders. Accordingly, the Trustees
	unanimously recommend that shareholders vote FOR the proposal. If the proposal is approved, Article VIII, Section 4 will
	remain in the Declaration of Trust as presented above. If the proposal is not approved, the Trustees will execute an amended
	and restated Declaration of Trust which eliminates Article VIII, Section 4.



	2, 3 and 4. TO AUTHORIZE THE TRUSTEES TO ADOPT AN AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST.



	The Board of Trustees has approved, and recommends that the shareholders of the trust authorize them to adopt and
	execute, an amended and restated Declaration of Trust in the form attached to this Proxy Statement as Exhibit 1 (New
	Declaration of Trust). The New Declaration of Trust has been marked to show changes from the trust's existing Declaration
	of Trust (Current Declaration of Trust). The New Declaration of Trust is a standard form that will be used for all new Fidelity
	funds organized as Massachusetts business trusts going forward.


	The New Declaration of Trust gives the Trustees more flexibility and, subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act
	and Massachusetts law, broader authority to act. This increased flexibility may allow the Trustees to react more quickly to
	changes in competitive and regulatory conditions and, as a consequence, may allow the funds to operate in a more efficient
	and economical manner. Adoption of the New Declaration of Trust will not alter in any way the Trustees' existing fiduciary
	obligations to act with due care and in the shareholders' interests. Before utilizing any new flexibility that the New
	Declaration of Trust may afford, the Trustees must first consider the shareholders' interests and then act in accordance with
	such interests.


	Under the Current Declaration of Trust, shareholders generally have the right to vote on any amendment affecting their
	right to vote, any amendment affecting the amendment provisions of the Declaration of Trust, any amendment that would alter
	the maximum number of Trustees, any amendment required by law or the trust's registration statement, and any matter
	submitted to the shareholders by the Trustees. On November 18, 1999, the Trustees approved the form of the New Declaration
	of Trust. On December 14, 2000, the Trustees approved additional changes to the form of the New Declaration of Trust, which
	changes have been incorporated into the form attached to this Proxy Statement. On November 15, 2001, the Board authorized
	the submission of the New Declaration of Trust to the trust's shareholders for their authorization at this Meeting.


	<R> In addition to the modifications discussed below, in the New Declaration of Trust other nonmaterial changes may be
	noted (see Exhibit 1). The changes are intended to clarify certain language and conform the Current Declaration of Trust to the
	standard for all new Fidelity funds organized as Massachusets business trusts going forward. If any of Proposals 2, 3 or 4 are
	approved by shareholders, it is intended that these nonmaterial changes will be included in the New Declaration of Trust that
	will be executed.</R>


	<R> As summarized below, shareholders are being asked to approve three proposals to amend the Current Declaration of
	Trust.</R>



	<R>PROPOSAL 2. TO AUTHORIZE THE TRUSTEES TO INCREASE THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF TRUSTEES. </R>





	The New Declaration of Trust modifies <R>Article IV, Section 6 o</R>f the Current Declaration of Trust to allow the
	Trustees to increase the maximum number of Trustees from twelve (12) to fourteen (14). This increase is intended to
	enhance the flexibility of the Board to organize itself and its committees in overseeing management of the Fidelity funds and
	to expand the level of the Board's expertise. Under the Current Declaration of Trust and the New Declaration of Trust the
	maximum number of Trustees cannot be changed without shareholder approval.



	<R>PROPOSAL 3. TO AUTHORIZE THE TRUSTEES TO CLARIFY THE SCOPE OF THE TRUSTEES' AUTHORITY
	REGARDING MERGERS, CONSOLIDATIONS, INCORPORATIONS, AND REORGANIZATIONS. </R>





	<R>Article XII, Sections 4.3 and 4.4 of the</R> New Declaration of Trust explicitly allows the Trustees to authorize the
	merger, consolidation, incorporation or reorganization of a class or a portion of the trust or a series or class thereof in
	addition to the merger, consolidation, incorporation or reorganization of the whole trust or a series thereof. Providing the
	Trustees with additional flexibility with respect to classes and a portion of the trust or its series or classes will allow the
	Trustees to respond more quickly to changes without the cost of an additional shareholder meeting. The Trustees already
	have this authority with respect to the trust and its series.




	The New Declaration of Trust does

	not

	give the Trustees the authority to merge a fund or class with another operating
	mutual fund or sell all or a portion of a class or fund's assets to another operating mutual fund without first seeking
	shareholder approval. Under the New Declaration of Trust, shareholder approval is still required for these transactions.




	In addition, the New Declaration of Trust explicitly allows the Trustees to effect mergers, consolidations, incorporations,
	reorganizations and similar transactions through any method approved by the Trustees, including share-for-share exchanges,
	transfers or sale of assets, shareholder in-kind redemptions and purchases, and exchange offers.



	<R>PROPOSAL 4. TO AUTHORIZE THE TRUSTEES TO ENTER INTO MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS ON BEHALF OF A
	NEW FUND. </R>





	The New Declaration of Trust modifies<R> Article VII, Section 1 of </R>the Current Declaration of Trust to allow the
	Trustees, on behalf of a new fund, to enter into a management contract with FMR subject to the provisions of Section 15 of
	the 1940 Act, as modified or interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Current Declaration of
	Trust explicitly requires the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a fund to initially approve such a
	contract. The SEC permits the sole initial shareholder, usually FMR or an affiliate, to approve the initial management contract
	rather than the fund's public shareholders. The New Declaration of Trust would clarify that approval by the sole initial
	shareholder is sufficient if permitted by the SEC.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that the proposed adoption of the New Declaration of Trust is in the
	best interests of the trust's shareholders. Accordingly, the Trustees unanimously recommend that the shareholders vote
	FOR <R>Proposals 2, 3 and 4</R> to authorize them to adopt and execute the New Declaration of Trust. <R>If Proposals 2,
	3 and 4 are all approved by shareholders, the Trustees will adopt the form of New Declaration of Trust attached as Exhibit 1.
	If some but not all of Proposals 2, 3 and 4 are approved, the Trustees will adopt a form of New Declaration of Trust that
	reflects only those approved Proposals (and the nonmaterial changes shown in Exhibit 1). If none of Proposals 2, 3 and 4
	are approved, the </R>Current Declaration of Trust will remain unchanged and in effect. Please note that, notwithstanding
	approval of Proposals 2<R>, 3 or 4</R>, if Proposal 1 is not approved, the Trustees will execute an amended and restated
	Declaration of Trust that eliminates Section 4 of Article VIII.



	5. TO ELECT A BOARD OF TRUSTEES.



	The purpose of this proposal is to elect a Board of Trustees of the trust. The Trustees have determined that the Board of
	Trustees should be expanded from a maximum of 12 to a maximum of 14 members and have fixed the number of Trustees at
	13. Pursuant to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust, the increase in the size of the
	Board of Trustees is subject to shareholder approval (see Proposal 2). If shareholders approve expansion of the Board of
	Trustees, it is intended that the enclosed proxy will be voted for the election as Trustees of the 13 nominees listed below unless
	such authority has been withheld in the proxy. Otherwise, the number of Trustees will continue to be fixed at 12 and the
	enclosed proxy will be voted for all nominees listed below except for William S. Stavropoulos, unless such authority has been
	withheld in the proxy.


	Except for Mr. Stavropoulos, all nominees named below are currently Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and
	have served in that capacity continuously since originally elected or appointed. J. Michael Cook, Abigail P. Johnson, Marie L.
	Knowles, and Ned C. Lautenbach were selected by the trust's Nominating and Administration Committee (see page

	<Click
	Here>

	) and were appointed to the Board on January 1, 2001, June 15, 2001, January 1, 2001, and January 1, 2000,
	respectively. Mr. Stavropoulos is currently a Member of the Advisory Board of the trust. Mr. Stavropoulos was selected by
	the trust's Nominating and Administration Committee and was appointed as a Member of the Advisory Board on November
	1, 2000.


	Except for William O. McCoy and William S. Stavropoulos, each of the nominees oversees 26<R>1</R> funds advised
	by FMR. Mr. McCoy oversees 26<R>3</R> funds advised by FMR and Mr. Stavropoulos oversees <R>185</R> funds
	advised by FMR.


	If shareholders approve an increase in the size of the Board of Trustees, in the election of Trustees, those 13 nominees
	receiving the highest number of votes cast at the Meeting, provided a quorum is present, shall be elected. If shareholders do
	not approve an increase in the size of the Board of Trustees, in the election of Trustees, those 12 nominees (not including Mr.
	Stavropoulos) receiving the highest number of votes cast at the Meeting, provided a quorum is present, shall be elected.



	Interested Nominees

	*:


	The business address of each nominee who is an "interested person" (as defined in the 1940 Act) is 82 Devonshire
	Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.






	Name, Age; Principal Occupation

	**






	Edward C. Johnson 3d (71)***










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1982


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Johnson is President of Fidelity Aggressive Growth
	Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund. Mr. Johnson also serves as
	President of other Fidelity funds. He is Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and a Director of FMR Corp.;
	a Director and Chairman of the Board and of the Executive Committee of FMR; a Director of Fidelity
	Management & Research (U.K.) Inc.; Chairman and a Director of Fidelity Management & Research (Far
	East) Inc.; Chairman (1998) and a Director (1997) of Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.;
	and Chairman (2001) and a Director (2000) of FMR Co., Inc.






	Abigail P. Johnson (40)***










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2001


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Ms. Johnson is Senior Vice President of Fidelity Aggressive
	Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund (2001). Ms. Johnson
	also serves as Senior Vice President of other Fidelity funds (2001). She is President and a Director of
	FMR (2001), Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (2001), FMR Co., Inc. (2001), and a
	Director of FMR Corp. Previously, Ms. Johnson managed a number of Fidelity funds.






	Peter S. Lynch (59)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1990


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Lynch is Vice Chairman and a Director of FMR, and Vice
	Chairman (2001) and a Director (2000) of FMR Co., Inc. Prior to May 31, 1990, he was a Director of
	FMR and Executive Vice President of FMR (a position he held until March 31, 1991), Vice President of
	Fidelity

	®

	Magellan

	®

	Fund and FMR Growth Group Leader, and Managing Director of FMR Corp.
	Mr. Lynch was also Vice President of Fidelity Investments Corporate Services. In addition, he serves as
	a Trustee of Boston College, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Historic Deerfield, John F. Kennedy
	Library, and the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston.





	* Nominees have been determined to be "interested" by virtue of, among other things, their affiliation with the trust or
	various entities under common control with FMR.


	** Except as otherwise indicated, each individual has held the office shown or other offices in the same company for the
	last five years.


	*** Edward C. Johnson 3d, Trustee and President of the funds, is Abigail P. Johnson's father.



	Non-Interested Nominees

	:


	The business address of each non-interested nominee (that is, the nominees other than the interested nominees) is
	Fidelity Investments, P. O. Box 55235, Boston, Massachusetts 02205-5235.






	Name, Age; Principal Occupation

	*






	J. Michael Cook (59)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2001


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Prior to Mr. Cook's retirement in May 1999, he served as
	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte & Touche LLP (accounting/consulting), Chairman of the
	Deloitte & Touche Foundation, and a member of the Board of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. He currently
	serves as a Director of AT&T (2001), International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (2000), Rockwell
	Automation International (2000), The Dow Chemical Company (2000), and HCA - The Healthcare
	Company (1999). He is a Member of the Advisory Board of the Securities Regulation Institute, Chairman
	Emeritus of the Board of Catalyst (a leading organization for the advancement of women in business), a
	Director of the STAR Foundation (Society to Advance the Retarded and Handicapped), and is Chairman
	of the Accountability Advisory Panel to the Comptroller General of the United States. He also serves as a
	member of the Board of Overseers of the Columbia Business School and a Member of the Advisory
	Board of the Graduate School of Business of the University of Florida.






	Ralph F. Cox (69)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1991


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Cox is President of RABAR Enterprises (management
	consulting for the petroleum industry). Prior to February 1994, he was President of Greenhill
	Petroleum Corporation (petroleum exploration and production). Until March 1990, Mr. Cox was
	President and Chief Operating Officer of Union Pacific Resources Company (exploration and
	production). He is a Director of Waste Management Inc. (non-hazardous waste), CH2M Hill
	Companies (engineering), and Abraxas Petroleum (petroleum exploration and production, 1999). In
	addition, he is a member of advisory boards of Texas A&M University and the University of Texas at
	Austin.






	Phyllis Burke Davis (70)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 1992</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mrs. Davis is retired from Avon Products, Inc. (consumer
	products) where she held various positions including Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs and
	Group Vice President of U.S. product marketing, sales, distribution, and manufacturing. Mrs. Davis is a
	member of the Toshiba International Advisory Group of Toshiba Corporation (2001) and a member of the
	Board of Directors of the Southampton Hospital in Southampton, N.Y. (1998). Previously, she served as
	a Director of BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications), Eaton Corporation (diversified industrial), the
	TJX Companies, Inc. (retail stores), Hallmark Cards, Inc., Nabisco Brands, Inc., and Standard Brands,
	Inc.






	Robert M. Gates (58)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 1997</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Gates is a consultant, educator, and lecturer. He was
	Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) from 1991 to 1993. From 1989 to 1991, Mr. Gates
	served as Assistant to the President of the United States and Deputy National Security Advisor. Mr.
	Gates is a Director of Charles Stark Draper Laboratory (non-profit), NACCO Industries, Inc. (mining
	and manufacturing), TRW Inc. (automotive, space, defense, and information technology), and Parker
	Drilling Co., Inc. (drilling and rental tools for the energy industry, 2001). He also serves as a member of
	the Advisory Board of VoteHere.net (secure internet voting, 2001). Previously, Mr. Gates served as a
	Director of LucasVarity PLC (automotive components and diesel engines) and Dean of the George
	Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University (1999-2001). Mr. Gates also
	is a Trustee of the Forum for International Policy.






	Donald J. Kirk (69)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 1987</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Kirk is a Public Governor of the National Association of
	Securities Dealers, Inc., and of the American Stock Exchange (2001), a Director and former Chairman
	of the Board of Directors of National Arts Stabilization Inc., a Trustee and former Chairman of the Board
	of Trustees of the Greenwich Hospital Association, and a Director of the Yale-New Haven Health
	Services Corp. (1998). Mr. Kirk was an Executive-in-Residence (1995-2000) and a Professor
	(1987-1995) at Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Prior to 1987, he was Chairman of
	the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Previously, Mr. Kirk served as a member and Vice
	Chairman of the Public Oversight Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' SEC
	Practice Section (1995-2002), a Director of General Re Corporation (reinsurance, 1987-1998) and as a
	Director of Valuation Research Corp. (appraisals and valuations).






	Marie L. Knowles (55)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2001


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Prior to Ms. Knowles' retirement in June 2000, she served as
	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) (diversified
	energy, 1996-2000). From 1993 to 1996, she was a Senior Vice President of ARCO and President of
	ARCO Transportation Company. She served as a Director of ARCO from 1996 to 1998. She currently
	serves as a Director of Phelps Dodge Corporation (copper mining and manufacturing), URS Corporation
	(multidisciplinary engineering, 1999), and America West Holdings Corporation (aviation and travel
	services, 1999). Ms. Knowles is a Trustee of the Brookings Institution and serves as a member of the
	Advisory Board for the School of Engineering of the University of Southern California.






	Ned C. Lautenbach (58)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 2000</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Lautenbach has been a partner of Clayton, Dubilier &
	Rice, Inc. (private equity investment firm) since September 1998. Previously, Mr. Lautenbach was with
	the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) from 1968 until his retirement in 1998. He was
	most recently Senior Vice President and Group Executive of Worldwide Sales and Services. From 1993
	to 1995, he was Chairman of IBM World Trade Corporation, and from 1994 to 1998 was a member of
	IBM's Corporate Executive Committee. Mr. Lautenbach serves as Chairman and Chief Executive
	Officer (1999) and as a Director (1998) of Acterna Corporation (communications test equipment). He
	is also Co-Chairman and C.E.O. of Covansys, Inc. (global provider of business and technology
	solutions, 2000). In addition, he is a Director of Eaton Corporation (diversified industrial, 1997),
	Axcelis Technologies (semiconductors, 2000), and the Philharmonic Center for the Arts in Naples,
	Florida (1999). He also serves on the Board of Trustees of Fairfield University and is a member of the
	Council on Foreign Relations.






	Marvin L. Mann (68)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 1993</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Mann is Chairman of the non-interested Trustees
	(2001). He is Chairman Emeritus of Lexmark International, Inc. (computer peripherals) where he
	remains a member of the Board. Prior to 1991, he held the positions of Vice President of
	International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and President and General Manager of various
	IBM divisions and subsidiaries. Mr. Mann is a Board Member of Imation Corp. (imaging and
	information storage, 1997) and Acterna Corporation (communications test equipment, 1999). He is
	also a member of the Director Services Committee of the Investment Company Institute. In addition,
	Mr. Mann is a member of the President's Cabinet at the University of Alabama and the Board of
	Visitors of the Culverhouse College of Commerce and Business Administration at the University of
	Alabama.






	William O. McCoy (68)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 1997</R>


	Trustee of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Prior to his retirement in December 1994, Mr. McCoy was
	Vice Chairman of the Board of BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications) and President of
	BellSouth Enterprises. He is currently a Director of Liberty Corporation (holding company), Duke
	Realty Corporation (real estate), Progress Energy, Inc. (electric utility), and Acterna Corporation
	(communications test equipment, 1999). He is also a partner of Franklin Street Partners (private
	investment management firm, 1997) and a member of the Research Triangle Foundation Board. In
	addition, Mr. McCoy served as the Interim Chancellor (1999-2000) and a member of the Board of
	Visitors (1994-1998) for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and currently serves on the
	Board of Directors of the University of North Carolina Health Care System and the Board of Visitors of
	the Kenan-Flagler Business School (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). He also served as Vice
	President of Finance for the University of North Carolina (16-school system, 1995-1998).






	William S. Stavropoulos (63)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2000


	Member of the Advisory Board of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust. Mr. Stavropoulos also serves as a
	Trustee (2001) or Member of the Advisory Board (2000) of other investment companies advised by
	FMR. He is Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Executive Committee (2000) and a Director of
	The Dow Chemical Company. Since joining The Dow Chemical Company in 1967, Mr. Stavropoulos
	served in numerous senior management positions, including President (1993-2000) and Chief
	Executive Officer (1995-2000). Currently, he is a Director of NCR Corporation (data warehousing and
	technology solutions, 1997), BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications, 1997), and the Chemical
	Financial Corporation. He also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Enterprise
	Institute for Public Policy Research and Fordham University. In addition, Mr. Stavropoulos is a member
	of the American Chemical Society, The Business Council, J.P. Morgan International Council, World
	Business Council for Sustainable Development, and the University of Notre Dame Advisory Council for
	the College of Science.





	* Except as otherwise indicated, each individual has held the office shown or other offices in the same company for the
	last five years.


	As of February 28, 2002 the nominees, Trustees and officers of the trust and the funds owned, in the aggregate, less
	than 1% of each fund's outstanding shares.


	If elected, the Trustees will hold office without limit in time except that (a) any Trustee may resign; (b) any Trustee may
	be removed by written instrument, signed by at least two-thirds of the number of Trustees prior to such removal; (c) any
	Trustee who requests to be retired or who has become incapacitated by illness or injury may be retired by written instrument
	signed by a majority of the other Trustees; and (d) a Trustee may be removed at any Special Meeting of shareholders by a
	two-thirds vote of the outstanding voting securities of the trust. In case a vacancy shall for any reason exist, the remaining
	Trustees will fill such vacancy by appointing another Trustee, so long as, immediately after such appointment, at least
	two-thirds of the Trustees have been elected by shareholders. If, at any time, less than a majority of the Trustees holding
	office has been elected by the shareholders, the Trustees then in office will promptly call a shareholders' meeting for the
	purpose of electing a Board of Trustees. Otherwise, there will normally be no meeting of shareholders for the purpose of
	electing Trustees. The Advisory Board Member holds office without limit in time except that any Advisory Board Member
	may resign or may be removed by a vote of a majority of the Trustees at any regular meeting or any special meeting of the
	Trustees.


	The trust's Board, which is currently composed of three interested and nine non-interested Trustees, met 11 times
	during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001. It is expected that the Trustees will meet at least 11 times a year at
	regularly scheduled meetings. For additional information on the committees of the funds' Trustees, refer to the section
	entitled "Standing Committees of the Funds' Trustees" beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.


	The following table sets forth information describing the dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned by each
	nominee in each fund and in all Fidelity funds in the aggregate overseen by the nominee as of March 31, 2002.










	Interested Nominees








	DOLLAR RANGE OF


	FUND SHARES








	Edward C. Johnson 3d








	Abigail P. Johnson








	Peter S. Lynch









	<R>Aggressive Growth






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000</R>








	<R>Growth Company






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000</R>








	<R>New Millennium






	$50,001 - $100,000






	none






	none</R>











	<R>AGGREGATE DOLLAR RANGE OF FUND
	SHARES IN ALL FUNDS OVERSEEN WITHIN
	FUND FAMILY







	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000</R>














	Non-Interested Nominees








	DOLLAR RANGE OF


	FUND SHARES







	J. Michael


	Cook







	Ralph F.


	Cox







	Phyllis


	Burke Davis







	Robert


	M. Gates







	Donald J.


	Kirk









	<R>Aggressive Growth






	$1 - $10,000






	$1 - $10,000






	$1 - $10,000






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	$1 - $10,000</R>








	<R>Growth Company






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	over $100,000






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	$10,001 -
	$50,000</R>








	<R>New Millennium






	none






	over $100,000






	$1 - $10,000






	none






	over
	$100,000</R>











	<R>AGGREGATE DOLLAR RANGE OF FUND
	SHARES IN ALL FUNDS OVERSEEN WITHIN
	FUND FAMILY







	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over
	$100,000</R>








	DOLLAR RANGE OF


	FUND SHARES







	Marie L.


	Knowles







	Ned C.


	Lautenbach







	Marvin


	L. Mann







	William


	O. McCoy







	William S.

	Stavropoulos









	<R>Aggressive Growth






	$1 - $10,000






	$1 - $10,000






	over $100,000






	$1 - $10,000






	none</R>








	<R>Growth Company






	$1 - $10,000






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	none</R>









	<R>New Millennium






	none






	$10,001 -
	$50,000






	over $100,000






	none






	none</R>











	<R>AGGREGATE DOLLAR RANGE OF FUND
	SHARES IN ALL FUNDS OVERSEEN WITHIN
	FUND FAMILY







	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over $100,000






	over
	$100,000</R>






	The following table sets forth information describing the compensation of each Trustee and Member of the Advisory
	Board for his or her services for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, or calendar year ended December 31, 2001, as
	applicable.






	Compensation Table








	AGGREGATE
	COMPENSATION


	FROM A FUND







	Edward C.



	Johnson

	3d

	*






	Abigail P.


	Johnson


	*

	,#







	J. Michael


	Cook

	**






	Ralph F.


	Cox







	Phyllis Burke

	Davis







	Robert M.


	Gates







	Donald J.


	Kirk







	Marie L.


	Knowles


	***








	Aggressive Growth

	B







	$ 0






	$ 0






	$ 3,381






	$ 3,411






	$ 3,357






	$ 3,423






	$ 3,417






	$ 3,411








	Growth Company

	C







	$ 0






	$ 0






	$ 7,615






	$ 7,670






	$ 7,509






	$ 7,708






	$ 7,677






	$ 7,670








	New Millennium






	$ 0






	$ 0






	$ 930






	$ 936






	$ 917






	$ 941






	$ 937






	$ 936









	TOTAL COMPENSATION

	FROM THE FUND
	COMPLEX

	A








	$ 0






	$ 0






	$ 256,500






	$ 256,500






	$ 250,500






	$ 259,500






	$ 256,500






	$ 256,500








	AGGREGATE
	COMPENSATION


	FROM A FUND







	Ned C.
	Lauten

	bach







	Peter S.

	Lynch

	*






	Marvin L.

	Mann







	William

	O.
	McCoy







	Gerald C.
	McDo

	nough


	*****






	William S.
	Stavro

	poulos


	****






	Thomas R.

	Williams


	*****












	<R>Aggressive Growth

	B







	$ 3,396






	$ 0






	$ 4,113






	$ 3,409






	$ 496






	$ 3,385






	$ 397






	</R>










	Growth Company

	C







	$ 7,627






	$ 0






	$ 9,285






	$ 7,665






	$ 910






	$ 7,592






	$ 728












	New Millennium






	$ 931






	$ 0






	$ 1,134






	$ 936






	$ 110






	$ 927






	$ 88














	TOTAL COMPENSATION

	FROM THE FUND
	COMPLEX

	A








	$ 256,500






	$ 0






	$ 316,500






	$ 297,000






	$ 0






	$ 255,500






	$ 0










	* Interested persons are compensated by FMR.


	** During the period from March 16, 2000 through December 31, 2000, Mr. Cook served as a Member of the Advisory
	Board. Effective January 1, 2001, Mr. Cook serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees.


	*** During the period from June 15, 2000 through December 31, 2000, Ms. Knowles served as a Member of the Advisory
	Board. Effective January 1, 2001, Ms. Knowles serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees.


	**** Effective November 1, 2000, Mr. Stavropoulos serves as a Member of the Advisory Board.


	***** Messrs. McDonough and Williams served on the Board of Trustees through December 31, 2000.



	#

	Effective June 15, 2001, Ms. Johnson serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees.



	A

	Information is for the calendar year ended December 31, 2001 for 264 funds in the complex. Compensation figures
	include cash, amounts required to be deferred, and may include amounts deferred at the election of Trustees. For the
	calendar year ended December 31, 2001, the Trustees accrued required deferred compensation from the funds as
	follows: J. Michael Cook, $111,000; Ralph F. Cox, $111,000; Phyllis Burke Davis, $111,000; Robert M. Gates,
	$111,000; Donald J. Kirk, $111,000; Marie L. Knowles, $111,000; Ned C. Lautenbach, $111,000; Marvin L. Mann,
	$141,000; William O. McCoy, $111,000; and William S. Stavropoulos, $26,734. Certain of the non-interested
	Trustees elected voluntarily to defer a portion of their compensation as follows: J. Michael Cook, $30,723; Ralph F.
	Cox, $30,723; Ned C. Lautenbach, $38,103; and William O. McCoy, $38,103.



	B

	Compensation figures include cash, amounts required to be deferred, and may include amounts deferred at the
	election of Trustees. The amounts required to be deferred by each non-interested Trustee are as follows:
	J. Michael Cook, $1,925; Ralph F. Cox, $2,191; Phyllis Burke Davis, $2,191; Robert M. Gates, $2,191; Donald J.
	Kirk, $2,191; Marie L. Knowles, $1,925; Ned C. Lautenbach, $2,191; Marvin L. Mann, $2,711; William O. McCoy,
	$2,191; Gerald C. McDonough, $338; and Thomas R. Williams, $266. Certain of the non-interested Trustees'
	aggregate compensation from the fund includes accrued voluntary deferred compensation as follows: J. Michael
	Cook, $672; Ralph F. Cox, $773; Ned C. Lautenbach, $773; William O. McCoy, $773; and Thomas R. Williams,
	$101.



	C

	Compensation figures include cash, amounts required to be deferred, and may include amounts deferred at the election
	of Trustees. The amounts required to be deferred by each non-interested Trustee are as follows: J. Michael Cook,
	$4,436; Ralph F. Cox, $4,924; Phyllis Burke Davis, $4,924; Robert M. Gates, $4,924; Donald J. Kirk, $4,924; Marie L.
	Knowles, $4,436; Ned C. Lautenbach, $4,924; Marvin L. Mann, $6,123; William O. McCoy, $4,924; Gerald C.
	McDonough, $620; and Thomas R. Williams, $488. Certain of the non-interested Trustees' aggregate compensation
	from the fund includes accrued voluntary deferred compensation as follows: J. Michael Cook, $1,539; Ralph F. Cox,
	$1,724; Ned C. Lautenbach, $1,724; William O. McCoy, $1,724; and Thomas R. Williams, $185.


	Under a deferred compensation plan adopted in September 1995 and amended in November 1996 and January 2000
	(the Plan), non-interested Trustees must defer receipt of a portion of, and may elect to defer receipt of an additional
	portion of, their annual fees. Amounts deferred under the Plan are treated as though equivalent dollar amounts had been
	invested in shares of a cross-section of Fidelity funds including funds in each major investment discipline and
	representing a majority of Fidelity's assets under management (the Reference Funds). The amounts ultimately received by
	the non-interested Trustees under the Plan will be directly linked to the investment performance of the Reference Funds.
	Deferral of fees in accordance with the Plan will have a negligible effect on a fund's assets, liabilities, and net income per
	share, and will not obligate a fund to retain the services of any non-interested Trustee or to pay any particular level of
	compensation to the non-interested Trustee. A fund may invest in the Reference Funds under the Plan without
	shareholder approval.





	<R>6</R>. TO APPROVE AN AMENDED SUB-ADVISORY AGREEMENT WITH FMR U.K. FOR EACH FUND.



	The Board of Trustees, including the Trustees who are not "interested persons" of the trust or of FMR (the
	Independent Trustees), has approved, and recommends that shareholders of each fund approve, a


	proposal to adopt an
	amended sub-advisory agreement among FMR, FMR U.K., and the trust with respect to the fund (the Amended
	Agreement). Each fund's Amended Agreement would allow FMR, FMR U.K., and the trust, on behalf of the fund, to modify
	the Amended Agreement subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. Each fund's existing sub-advisory agreement (the
	Present Agreement) requires the vote of a majority of the fund's outstanding voting securities to authorize all
	amendments.

	FMR pays all of FMR U.K.'s fees under each fund's Amended Agreement. Each fund's Amended
	Agreement would not affect the fees that the fund pays to FMR under its present management contract.




	Present Agreements.

	Under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR U.K. acts as an investment consultant to FMR and
	supplies FMR with investment research information and portfolio management advice as FMR reasonably requests on
	behalf of the fund. FMR U.K. provides investment advice and research services with respect to issuers located outside of
	the United States, focusing primarily on companies based in Europe. Under each fund's Present Agreement with FMR
	U.K., FMR,

	not the fund,

	pays FMR U.K. a fee equal to 110% of FMR U.K.'s costs incurred in connection with providing
	investment advice and research services.


	Furthermore, under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR may grant FMR U.K. investment management authority
	with respect to all or a portion of the fund's assets, as well as the authority to buy and sell stocks, bonds, and other
	securities for the fund, subject to the overall supervision of FMR and the Board of Trustees. To the extent that FMR grants
	FMR U.K. investment management authority under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR,

	not the fund,

	pays FMR U.K. a
	fee equal to 50% of FMR's monthly management fee with respect to each fund's average net assets managed by FMR U.K.
	on a discretionary basis.


	Each fund's Present Agreement requires the vote of a majority of the fund's outstanding voting securities to authorize
	all amendments.



	Proposed Amendments to the Present Agreements.

	Each fund's Amended Agreement would allow FMR, FMR U.K.,
	and the trust, on behalf of the fund, to amend the Proposed Agreement subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the 1940
	Act, as modified or interpreted by the SEC. In contrast, each fund's Present Agreement explicitly requires the vote of a
	majority of the outstanding voting securities of the fund to authorize all amendments. Generally, the proposed
	modification to the Present Agreement's amendment provisions would allow amendment of the Amended Agreement
	without shareholder vote

	only if the 1940 Act so permits.

	In short, the proposed modification gives FMR, FMR U.K., and
	the trust added flexibility to amend the Amended Agreement subject to 1940 Act constraints. Of course, any future
	amendments to the Amended Agreement would require the approval of the Board of Trustees.


	On November 15, 2001, the Board of Trustees agreed to submit the Amended Agreement to shareholders of each fund
	pursuant to a unanimous vote of both the full Board of Trustees and the Independent Trustees. The Trustees considered
	the benefit to shareholders of FMR's, FMR U.K.'s, and the trust's increased flexibility (within 1940 Act constraints) to
	amend the Amended Agreement without the delays and potential costs of a proxy solicitation.


	A copy of the form of Amended Agreement for <R>Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund and Fidelity Growth Company
	Fund</R>, marked to indicate the proposed amendments, is supplied as Exhibit 2 beginning on page 63


	. <R>A
	copy of the form of Amended Agreement for Fidelity New Millennium Fund, marked to indicate the proposed
	amendments, is supplied as Exhibit 3 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	. </R>Except for the modifications discussed above,
	and for nonmaterial changes intended to clarify certain language in the Present Agreements, Fidelity Aggressive Growth
	Fund's, Fidelity Growth Company Fund's and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's Amended Agreements are substantially
	identical to their Present Agreements. (For a detailed discussion of each fund's Present Agreement, refer to the section
	entitled "Sub-Advisory Agreements" beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.) If approved by shareholders, each fund's
	Amended Agreement will take effect on July 1, 2002 (or the first day of the first month following approval) and will remain
	in effect through July 31, 2002 and from year to year thereafter, but only as long as its continuance is approved at least
	annually by (i) the vote, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose, of a majority of the Independent Trustees and
	(ii) the vote of either a majority of the Trustees or a majority of the outstanding shares of the fund. Each fund's Amended
	Agreement would be terminable on 60 days' written notice by either party to the agreement and the Amended Agreement
	would terminate automatically in the event of its assignment. If a fund's Amended Agreement is not approved, its Present
	Agreement will continue in effect through July 31, 2002 and thereafter only as long as its continuance is approved at least
	annually as above.


	FMR would continue to pay all of FMR U.K.'s fees under each fund's Amended Agreement. If shareholders approve the
	Amended Agreement, FMR could, in the future and subject to the approval of the Board of Trustees, further amend the
	Amended Agreements to change the fees FMR pays to FMR U.K. for providing the services described above.

	If
	shareholders approve the Amended Agreement, FMR could not, however, in the future amend a fund's present
	management contract to increase the fund's management fee rate payable to FMR thereunder without shareholder
	approval.



	FMR U.K., with its principal office in London, England, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR established in 1986 to
	provide investment research to FMR with respect to foreign securities. This research complements other research on
	foreign securities produced by FMR's U.S.-based research analysts and portfolio managers, or obtained from
	broker-dealers or other sources.


	FMR U.K. may also provide investment advisory services to FMR with respect to other investment companies for
	which FMR serves as investment adviser, and to other clients. Currently, FMR U.K.'s only client other than FMR is Fidelity
	International Limited (FIL), an affiliate of FMR organized under the laws of Bermuda. FIL provides investment advisory
	services to non-U.S. investment companies and institutional investors investing in securities of issuers throughout the
	world. Edward C. Johnson 3d, President and a Trustee of the trust, is Chairman and a Director of FMR U.K., Chairman and
	a Director of FIL, and a principal stockholder of both FIL and FMR. For more information on FMR U.K., see the section
	entitled "Activities and Management of FMR U.K., FMR Far East and FIJ" on page

	<Click Here>

	.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that the proposal will benefit each fund and its shareholders. The
	Trustees recommend voting FOR the proposal. With respect to each fund, if the Amended Agreement is approved by
	shareholders, the Amended Agreement will take effect on the first day of the first month following approval. If the
	Amended Agreement is not approved by shareholders, the Present Agreement with FMR U.K. will remain in effect.





	<R>7</R>. TO APPROVE AN AMENDED SUB-ADVISORY AGREEMENT WITH FMR FAR EAST FOR EACH FUND.



	The Board of Trustees, including the Trustees who are not "interested persons" of the trust or of FMR (the
	Independent Trustees), has approved, and recommends that shareholders of each fund approve, a


	proposal to adopt an
	amended sub-advisory agreement among FMR, FMR Far East, and the trust with respect to the fund (the Amended
	Agreement). Each fund's Amended Agreement would allow FMR, FMR Far East, and the trust, on behalf of the fund, to
	modify the Amended Agreement subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. Each fund's existing sub-advisory
	agreement (the Present Agreement) requires the vote of a majority of the fund's outstanding voting securities to authorize
	all amendments.

	FMR pays all of FMR Far East's fees under each fund's Amended Agreement. Each fund's Amended
	Agreement would not affect the fees that the fund pays to FMR under its present management contract.




	Present Agreements.

	Under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR Far East acts as an investment consultant to FMR
	and supplies FMR with investment research information and portfolio management advice as FMR reasonably requests on
	behalf of the fund. FMR Far East provides investment advice and research services with respect to issuers located outside of
	the United States, focusing primarily on companies based in the Far East. Under each fund's Present Agreement with FMR
	Far East, FMR,

	not the fund,

	pays FMR Far East a fee equal to 105% of FMR Far East's costs incurred in connection with
	providing investment advice and research services.


	Furthermore, under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR may grant FMR Far East investment management authority
	with respect to all or a portion of the fund's assets, as well as the authority to buy and sell stocks, bonds, and other
	securities for the fund, subject to the overall supervision of FMR and the Board of Trustees. To the extent that FMR grants
	FMR Far East investment management authority under each fund's Present Agreement, FMR,

	not the fund,

	pays FMR Far
	East a fee equal to 50% of FMR's monthly management fee with respect to each fund's average net assets managed by
	FMR Far East on a discretionary basis.


	Each fund's Present Agreement requires the vote of a majority of the fund's outstanding voting securities to authorize
	all amendments.



	Proposed Amendments to the Present Agreements.

	Each fund's Amended Agreement would allow FMR, FMR Far
	East, and the trust, on behalf of the fund, to amend the Proposed Agreement subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the
	1940 Act, as modified or interpreted by the SEC. In contrast, each fund's Present Agreement explicitly requires the vote of
	a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the fund to authorize all amendments. Generally, the proposed
	modification to the Present Agreement's amendment provisions would allow amendment of the Amended Agreement
	without shareholder vote

	only if the 1940 Act so permits.

	In short, the proposed modification gives FMR, FMR Far East,
	and the trust added flexibility to amend the Amended Agreement subject to 1940 Act constraints. Of course, any future
	amendments to the Amended Agreement would require the approval of the Board of Trustees.


	On November 15, 2001, the Board of Trustees agreed to submit the Amended Agreement to shareholders of each fund
	pursuant to a unanimous vote of both the full Board of Trustees and the Independent Trustees. The Trustees considered
	the benefit to shareholders of FMR's, FMR Far East's, and the trust's increased flexibility (within 1940 Act constraints) to
	amend the Amended Agreement without the delays and potential costs of a proxy solicitation.


	A copy of the form of Amended Agreement for <R>Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund and Fidelity Growth Company
	Fund</R>, marked to indicate the proposed amendments, is supplied as Exhibit 4 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	. <R>A
	copy of the form of Amended Agreement for Fidelity New Millennium Fund, marked to indicate the proposed
	amendments, is supplied as Exhibit 5 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	. </R>Except for the modifications discussed above,
	and for nonmaterial changes intended to clarify certain language in the Present Agreements, Fidelity Aggressive Growth
	Fund's, Fidelity Growth Company Fund's, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's Amended Agreements are substantially
	identical to their Present Agreements. (For a detailed discussion of each fund's Present Agreement, refer to the section
	entitled "Sub-Advisory Agreements" beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.) If approved by shareholders, each fund's
	Amended Agreement will take effect on July 1, 2002 (or the first day of the first month following approval) and will remain
	in effect through July 31, 2002 and from year to year thereafter, but only as long as its continuance is approved at least
	annually by (i) the vote, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose, of a majority of the Independent Trustees and
	(ii) the vote of either a majority of the Trustees or a majority of the outstanding shares of the fund. Each fund's Amended
	Agreement would be terminable on 60 days' written notice by either party to the agreement and the Amended Agreement
	would terminate automatically in the event of its assignment. If a fund's Amended Agreement is not approved, its Present
	Agreement will continue in effect through July 31, 2002 and thereafter only as long as its continuance is approved at least
	annually as above.


	FMR would continue to pay all of FMR Far East's fees under each fund's Amended Agreement. If shareholders approve
	the Amended Agreement, FMR could, in the future and subject to the approval of the Board of Trustees, further amend the
	Amended Agreements to change the fees FMR pays to FMR Far East for providing the services described above.

	If
	shareholders approve the Amended Agreement, FMR could not, however, in the future amend a fund's present
	management contract to increase the fund's management fee rate payable to FMR thereunder without shareholder
	approval.



	FMR Far East, with its principal office in Tokyo, Japan, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR established in 1986 to
	provide investment research to FMR with respect to foreign securities. This research complements other research on
	foreign securities produced by FMR's U.S.-based research analysts and portfolio managers, or obtained from
	broker-dealers or other sources.


	FMR Far East may also provide investment advisory services to FMR with respect to other investment companies for
	which FMR serves as investment adviser, and to other clients. Currently, FMR Far East's only client other than FMR is
	Fidelity International Limited (FIL), an affiliate of FMR organized under the laws of Bermuda. FIL provides investment
	advisory services to non-U.S. investment companies and institutional investors investing in securities of issuers
	throughout the world. Edward C. Johnson 3d, President and a Trustee of the trust, is Chairman and a Director of FMR Far
	East, Chairman and a Director of FIL, and a principal stockholder of both FIL and FMR. For more information on FMR Far
	East, see the section entitled "Activities and Management of FMR U.K., FMR Far East and FIJ" on page

	<Click Here>

	.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that the proposal will benefit each fund and its shareholders. The
	Trustees recommend voting FOR the proposal. With respect to each fund, if the Amended Agreement is approved by
	shareholders, the Amended Agreement will take effect on the first day of the first month following approval. If the
	Amended Agreement is not approved by shareholders, the Present Agreement with FMR Far East will remain in effect.



	<R>8</R>. TO AMEND EACH FUND'S FUNDAMENTAL INVESTMENT LIMITATION CONCERNING UNDERWRITING.



	Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's current fundamental investment limitation concerning underwriting states:


	"The fund may not underwrite securities issued by others, except to the extent that the fund may be considered
	to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the disposition of restricted securities."






	The Trustees recommend that shareholders of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund vote to replace this limitation with the
	following amended fundamental investment limitation governing underwriting (additional language is

	underlined

	; deleted
	language is [bracketed]):


	"The fund may not underwrite securities issued by others, except to the extent that the fund may be considered [to
	be] an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the disposition of restricted securities

	or in
	connection with investments in other investment companies

	."


	Fidelity Growth Company Fund's current fundamental investment limitation concerning underwriting states:


	"The fund may not underwrite any issue of securities (except to the extent that the fund may be deemed to be an
	underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the disposition of restricted securities)."


	The Trustees recommend that shareholders of Fidelity Growth Company Fund vote to replace this limitation with the
	following amended fundamental investment limitation governing underwriting (additional language is

	underlined

	; deleted
	language is [bracketed]):


	"The fund may not underwrite [any issue of] securities [(except]

	issued by others, except

	to the extent that the
	fund may [be deemed to] be

	considered

	an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the
	disposition of restricted securities[)]

	or in connection with investments in other investment companies

	."


	Fidelity New Millennium Fund's current fundamental investment limitation concerning underwriting states:


	"The fund may not underwrite securities issued by others, except to the extent that the fund may be considered
	an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the disposition of restricted securities."


	The Trustees recommend that shareholders of Fidelity New Millennium Fund vote to replace this limitation with the
	following amended fundamental investment limitation governing underwriting (additional language is

	underlined

	):


	"The fund may not underwrite securities issued by others, except to the extent that the fund may be
	considered an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 in the disposition of restricted
	securities

	or in connection with investments in other investment companies

	."



	Discussion of Proposed Modifications.

	The primary purpose of the proposal is to clarify that each fund


	is not
	prohibited from investing in other investment companies, even if as a result of such investment, each fund


	is technically
	considered an underwriter under federal securities laws.


	The proposal also serves to conform each fund's fundamental investment limitation concerning underwriting to a
	limitation which is expected to become standard for all funds managed by FMR or its affiliates. If the proposal is
	approved, the new limitation may not be changed without the approval of shareholders.


	Adoption of the proposed limitation concerning underwriting is not expected to affect the way in which each fund is
	managed, the investment performance of each


	fund, or the securities or instruments in which each fund invests.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that the proposal will benefit each


	fund and its shareholders. The
	Trustees recommend voting FOR the proposal. Upon shareholder approval, the amended fundamental limitation will
	become effective when disclosure is revised to reflect the changes. If the proposal is not approved by the shareholders of
	a fund, that fund's current limitation will remain unchanged.



	<R>9</R>. TO AMEND




	EACH FUND'S FUNDAMENTAL INVESTMENT LIMITATION CONCERNING LENDING.







	Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's current fundamental investment limitation concerning lending is as follows:


	"The fund may not lend any security or make any other loan if, as a result, more than 33 1/3% of its total assets
	would be lent to other parties (for this purpose, purchasing debt securities and engaging in repurchase
	agreements do not constitute lending)."


	The Trustees recommend that the shareholders of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund vote to replace the fund's
	limitation with the following amended fundamental investment limitation governing lending (additional language is

	underlined

	, deleted language is [bracketed]):


	"The fund may not lend any security or make any other loan if, as a result, more than 33 1/3% of its total assets
	would be lent to other parties

	, but

	[(for] this [purpose, purchasing]

	limitation does not apply to purchases of

	debt securities [and engaging in]

	or to

	repurchase [agreements do not constitute lending).]

	agreements, or to
	acquisitions of loans, loan participations or other forms of debt instruments.

	"


	Fidelity Growth Company Fund's and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's current fundamental investment limitation
	concerning lending is as follows:


	"The fund may not lend any security or make any other loan if, as a result, more than 33 1/3% of its total assets
	would be lent to other parties, but this limitation does not apply to purchases of debt securities or to repurchase
	agreements."


	The Trustees recommend that the shareholders of Fidelity Growth Company Fund and Fidelity New Millennium Fund
	vote to replace each fund's limitation with the following amended fundamental investment limitation governing lending
	(additional language is

	underlined

	):


	"The fund may not lend any security or make any other loan if, as a result, more than 33 1/3% of its total assets
	would be lent to other parties, but this limitation does not apply to purchases of debt securities or to
	repurchase agreements

	, or to acquisitions of loans, loan participations or other forms of debt instruments

	."



	Discussion of Proposed Modifications.

	The primary purpose of this proposal is to revise


	each fund's fundamental
	lending limitation to conform to a limitation expected to become standard for all funds managed by FMR or its affiliates. If
	the proposal is approved, the new fundamental lending limitation cannot be changed without the approval of
	shareholders.


	Adoption of the proposed limitation on lending is not expected to affect the way in which


	each fund is managed, the
	investment performance of each fund, or the instruments in which


	each fund invests. However, the proposed limitation
	would clarify that acquisitions of loans, loan participations or other debt instruments are not considered lending.


	If shareholders approve the proposed fundamental investment limitation on lending set forth above, the Board intends to
	adopt the following non-fundamental limitation:


	"The fund does not currently intend to lend assets other than securities to other parties, except by (a) lending
	money (up to 15% of the fund's net assets) to a registered investment company or portfolio for which FMR or an
	affiliate serves as investment adviser or (b) assuming any unfunded commitments in connection with the
	acquisition of loans, loan participations, or other forms of debt instruments. (This limitation does not apply to
	purchases of debt securities, to repurchase agreements, or to acquisitions of loans, loan participations or other
	forms of debt instruments.)"


	Loans and other forms of debt instruments are used by issuers to borrow money. Loans may be subject to restrictions
	on resale. Purchasers of loans and other forms of debt instruments depend primarily upon the creditworthiness of the
	borrower for payment of interest and principal. If scheduled interest or principal payments are not made, the value of the
	instrument may be adversely affected. Loans, loan participations, and other forms of direct debt instruments involve a
	risk of loss in case of default or insolvency of the borrower, lending bank, or other intermediary.


	When a fund lends a security, it receives in return collateral in an amount at least equal in value to the security loaned.
	A fund could incur expenses if the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the securities loaned for any reason.


	The Trustees may change non-fundamental limitations in response to regulatory, market, legal or other developments
	without the approval of shareholders.



	Conclusion.

	The Board of Trustees has concluded that the proposal will benefit each fund and its shareholders. The
	Trustees recommend voting FOR the proposal. Upon shareholder approval, the amended fundamental limitation will
	become effective when the prospectus and/or statement of additional information are revised to reflect it. If the proposal
	is not approved by the shareholders of a fund, that fund's current limitations will remain unchanged.



	OTHER BUSINESS



	The Board knows of no other business to be brought before the Meeting. However, if any other matters properly come
	before the Meeting, it is the intention that proxies that do not contain specific instructions to the contrary will be voted on
	such matters in accordance with the judgment of the persons therein designated.



	ACTIVITIES AND MANAGEMENT OF FMR



	FMR, a corporation organized in 1946, serves as investment adviser to a number of investment companies. Information
	concerning the advisory fees and average net assets of funds with investment objectives similar to Fidelity Aggressive
	Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund and advised by FMR is contained in the
	Table of Average Net Assets and Expense Ratios in Exhibit 6 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.


	FMR, its officers and directors, its affiliated companies, and the Trustees, from time to time have transactions with
	various banks, including the custodian banks for certain of the funds advised by FMR. Those transactions that have
	occurred to date have included mortgages and personal and general business loans. In the judgment of FMR, the terms
	and conditions of those transactions were not influenced by existing or potential custodial or other fund relationships.


	The Directors of FMR are Edward C. Johnson 3d, Chairman of the Board and of the Executive Committee; Abigail P.
	Johnson, President; and Peter S. Lynch, Vice Chairman. Each of the Directors is also a Trustee of the


	trust. Mr. Johnson 3d,
	Ms. Johnson,


	John H. Costello, Maria F. Dwyer, Paul F. Maloney, Thomas J. Simpson, Eric D. Roiter, Richard A. Spillane, Jr.,


	Robert Bertelson, Steven S. Wymer, and Neal P. Miller are currently officers of the trust and officers or employees of FMR or
	FMR Corp. With the exception of Messrs. Costello, Maloney, Simpson, and Stavropoulos, and Ms. Dwyer, all of these
	persons hold or have options to acquire stock of FMR Corp. The principal business address of each of the Directors of FMR
	is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.


	All of the stock of FMR is owned by its parent company, FMR Corp., 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109,
	which was organized on October 31, 1972.


	Members of Mr. Edward C. Johnson 3d and Ms. Abigail P. Johnson's family are the
	predominant owners of a class of shares of common stock, representing approximately 49% of the voting power of FMR
	Corp., and, therefore, under the 1940 Act may be deemed to form a controlling group with respect to FMR Corp.


	During the period December 1, 2000 through February 28, 2002, no transactions were entered into by Trustees and
	nominees as Trustee of the trust involving more than 1% of the voting common, non-voting common and equivalent
	stock, or preferred stock of FMR Corp.



	ACTIVITIES AND MANAGEMENT OF FMRC



	FMRC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR formed in 1999 to provide portfolio management services to certain Fidelity
	funds and investment advice with respect to equity and high income instruments.


	Funds with investment objectives similar to Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and
	Fidelity New Millennium Fund for which FMR has entered into a sub-advisory agreement with FMRC, and the net assets of
	each of these funds, are indicated in the Table of Average Net Assets and Expense Ratios in Exhibit 6 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.


	The Directors of FMRC are Edward C. Johnson 3d, Chairman of the Board, Abigail P. Johnson, President, and Peter S.
	Lynch, Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Johnson 3d is also President and a Trustee of the trust and of other funds advised by
	FMR; Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of FMR Corp.; Chairman of the Board and of the Executive
	Committee of FMR; a Director of FMR; Chairman of the Board and a Director of FMR Far East and Fidelity Investments Money
	Management, Inc. (FIMM). In addition, Ms. Johnson is Senior Vice President


	and a Trustee of the trust and of other funds
	advised by FMR; President and a Director of FMR and FIMM; and a Director of FMR Corp. Mr. Lynch is also Vice Chairman of
	the Board and a Director of FMR and a Trustee of the trust and of other funds advised by FMR. Each of the Directors is a
	stockholder of FMR Corp. The principal business address of the Directors is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts
	02109.





	ACTIVITIES AND MANAGEMENT OF FMR U.K., FMR FAR EAST, AND FIJ



	On behalf of each fund, FMR has entered into sub-advisory agreements with FMR U.K. and FMR Far East, wholly-owned
	subsidiaries of FMR formed in 1986. FMR Far East in turn has entered into sub-advisory agreements with FIJ. FIJ, organized
	in Japan in 1986, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FIL, a Bermuda company formed in 1968.


	FMR U.K. and FMR Far East provide research and investment recommendations with respect to companies based
	outside of the United States for certain funds for which FMR acts as investment adviser. FMR U.K. focuses primarily on
	companies based in the U.K. and Europe. FMR Far East focuses primarily on companies based in the Far East. FMR U.K.
	and FMR Far East may also be granted investment management authority as well as the authority to buy and sell securities
	for certain of the funds for which it acts as investment adviser, if FMR believes it would be beneficial to the fund. FIJ
	provides research and investment recommendations with respect to companies based outside of the United States for
	funds which FMR Far East acts as investment adviser. FIJ focuses primarily on Japanese and other Asian companies. FIJ
	may also be granted investment management authority as well as the authority to buy and sell securities for certain of the
	funds for which it acts as investment adviser, if FMR Far East believes it would be beneficial to the fund. Funds with
	investment objectives similar to Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund managed by FMR with respect to which FMR currently has sub-advisory agreements with either FMR
	U.K., FMR Far East and/or FIJ and the net assets of each of these funds, are indicated in the Table of Average Net Assets
	and Expense Ratios in Exhibit 6 beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.


	The Directors of FMR U.K. are Simon Fraser, Chairman of the Board and Senior Vice President, and Richard A.
	Spillane, Jr., President. The Directors of FMR Far East are Edward C. Johnson 3d, Chairman of the Board, and Philip L.
	Bullen, President. Mr. Johnson 3d is also President and a Trustee of the trust and other funds advised by FMR; Chairman
	of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of FMR Corp.; a Director and Chairman of the Board and of the
	Executive Committee of FMR; Chairman of the Board and a Director of FIMM and FMRC. Mr. Fraser is also Director and
	President of Fidelity International Investment Advisors (FIIA) and Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity
	International Investment Advisors (U.K.) Limited (FIIA (U.K.)L). Mr. Spillane is also Senior Vice President of FMRC and
	FMR and Vice President of certain Equity Funds advised by FMR. Mr. Bullen is also Senior Vice President of FMR and
	FMRC and Vice President of certain Equity Funds and certain High Income Bond Funds advised by FMR. Each of the
	Directors is a stockholder of FMR Corp. The principal business address of the Directors is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston,
	Massachusetts 02109.


	The Directors of FIJ are Billy Wilder, President, Yasuo Kuramoto, Vice Chairman, Ben Gifford, Simon Haslam, Jun
	Kadoda, Sumio Kuriaki, Tetsuzo Nishimura, Takeshi Okazaki, and Hiroshi Yamashita. Mr. Wilder is also Vice President of
	FMR Far East. Mr. Haslam is also Director of FIIA. The principal business address of each of the Directors is 1-8-8
	Shinkawa, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan.



	PRESENT MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS



	Each fund employs FMR to furnish investment advisory and other services. Under its management contract with each
	fund, FMR acts as investment adviser and, subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees, directs the investments of
	each fund in accordance with its investment objective, policies, and limitations. FMR also provides each fund with all
	necessary office facilities and personnel for servicing each fund's investments, compensates all officers of each fund and
	all Trustees who are "interested persons" of the trust or of FMR, and all personnel of each fund or FMR performing
	services relating to research, statistical, and investment activities.


	In addition, FMR or its affiliates, subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees, provide the management and
	administrative services necessary for the operation of each fund. These services include providing facilities for maintaining
	each fund's organization; supervising relations with custodians, transfer and pricing agents, accountants, underwriters, and
	other persons dealing with each fund; preparing all general shareholder communications and conducting shareholder
	relations; maintaining each fund's records and the registration of each fund's shares under federal and state laws; developing
	management and shareholder services for each fund; and furnishing reports, evaluations, and analyses on a variety of subjects
	to the Trustees.


	In addition to the management fee payable to FMR, each fund pays transfer agent and pricing and bookkeeping fees to
	Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an affiliate of FMR, its transfer, dividend disbursing, and shareholder servicing agent.
	Although each fund's current management contract provides that each fund will pay for typesetting, printing and mailing
	prospectuses, statements of additional information, notices, and reports to shareholders, the trust, on behalf of each fund
	has entered into a revised transfer agent agreement with FSC, pursuant to which FSC bears the costs of providing these
	services to existing shareholders. Other expenses paid by each fund include interest, taxes, brokerage commissions, and
	each fund's proportionate share of insurance premiums and Investment Company Institute dues. Each fund is also liable
	for such non-recurring expenses as may arise, including costs of any litigation to which each fund may be a party, and any
	obligation it may have to indemnify its officers and Trustees with respect to litigation.


	Transfer agent fees and pricing and bookkeeping fees, including reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, paid to
	FSC by Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund for fiscal
	2001 amounted to $<R>31,506,000</R>, $53,620,000 and $<R>5,049,000</R>, respectively. FSC also received fees for
	administering each fund's securities lending program. Securities lending costs are based on the number and duration of
	individual securities loans. Securities lending costs for fiscal 2001 for Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth
	Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund were $38,000, $32,000, and $5,000, respectively.


	Each fund also has a distribution agreement with FDC, a Massachusetts corporation organized on July 18, 1960. FDC is a
	broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is a member of the National Association of Securities
	Dealers, Inc. Each distribution agreement calls for FDC to use all reasonable efforts, consistent with its other business, to
	secure purchasers for shares of the fund, which are continuously offered. Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's and Fidelity
	Growth Company Fund's shares are offered at net asset value per share. Promotional and administrative expenses in
	connection with the offer and sale of shares are paid by FMR.


	Sales charge revenue paid to, and retained by, FDC for fiscal 2001 for Fidelity New Millennium Fund, amounted to
	$510,000.


	FDC received no payments from each fund pursuant to Distribution and Service Plans under Rule 12b-1. The Plans do
	not authorize payments by the funds other than those that are to be made to FMR under their management contracts.


	FMR is each fund's manager pursuant to management contracts dated February 1, 1999 and amended on November 1,
	1999, which were approved by shareholders on January 13, 1999. The management contracts for Fidelity Aggressive Growth
	Fund and Fidelity Growth Company Fund were submitted to shareholders in connection with proposals to reduce the group fee
	rate further if FMR's assets under management remain over $426 billion, to change the indexes used to calculate the funds'
	performance adjustment, to modify the performance adjustment calculation to round the performance of the fund and the
	index to the nearest 0.01%, rather than the nearest 1.00%, and to allow FMR and the trust, on behalf of the funds, to modify
	each management contract subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. For Fidelity New Millennium Fund, the management
	contract was submitted to shareholders in connection with a proposal to reduce the group fee rate further if FMR's assets
	under management remain over $426 billion, to modify the performance adjustment calculation to round the performance of
	the fund and the index to the nearest 0.01%, rather than the nearest 1.00%, and to allow FMR and the trust, on behalf of the
	fund, to modify the management contract subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act.


	For the services of FMR under the management contract, each fund pays FMR a monthly management fee which has
	two components: a basic fee, which is the sum of a group fee rate and an individual fund fee rate, and a performance
	adjustment based on a comparison of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's performance to that of the Russell
	MidCap<R>

	®

	</R> Growth Index, Fidelity Growth Company Fund's performance to that of the Russell 3000

	®

	Growth
	Index, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's performance to that of the Standard & Poor's 500<R>

	SM

	 </R> Index (S&P
	500<R>

	®

	</R>).


	The group fee rate is based on the monthly average net assets of all of the registered investment companies with
	which FMR has management contracts and is calculated on a cumulative basis pursuant to the graduated fee rate
	schedule shown below on the left. The schedule below on the right shows the effective annual group fee rate at various
	asset levels, which is the result of cumulatively applying the annualized rates on the left. For example, the effective annual
	fee rate at $775 billion of group net assets - the approximate level for November 2001 - was 0.2795%, which is the
	weighted average of the respective fee rates for each level of group net assets up to $775 billion.


	On August 1, 1999, FMR voluntarily modified the breakpoints in the group fee rate schedule. The revised group fee rate
	schedule, depicted below, provides for lower management fee rates as FMR's assets under management increase. Each
	fund's current management contract reflects the revised group fee rate schedule below.








	GROUP FEE RATE SCHEDULE






	EFFECTIVE ANNUAL FEE RATES







	Average Group


	Assets





	Annualized


	Rate





	Group Net


	Assets





	Effective Annual


	Fee Rate







	0 - $3 billion




	.5200%




	$ 1 billion




	.5200%






	3 - 6




	.4900




	50




	.3823






	6 - 9




	.4600




	100




	.3512






	9 - 12




	.4300




	150




	.3371






	12 - 15




	.4000




	200




	.3284






	15 - 18




	.3850




	250




	.3219






	18 - 21




	.3700




	300




	.3163






	21 - 24




	.3600




	350




	.3113






	24 - 30




	.3500




	400




	.3067






	30 - 36




	.3450




	450




	.3024






	36 - 42




	.3400




	500




	.2982






	42 - 48




	.3350




	550




	.2942






	48 - 66




	.3250




	600




	.2904






	66 - 84




	.3200




	650




	.2870






	84 - 102




	.3150




	700




	.2838






	102 - 138




	.3100




	750




	.2809






	138 - 174




	.3050




	800




	.2782






	174 - 210




	.3000




	850




	.2756






	210 - 246




	.2950




	900




	.2732






	246 - 282




	.2900




	950




	.2710






	282 - 318




	.2850




	1,000




	.2689






	318 - 354




	.2800




	1,050




	.2669






	354 - 390




	.2750




	1,100




	.2649






	390 - 426




	.2700




	1,150




	.2631






	426 - 462




	.2650




	1,200




	.2614






	462 - 498




	.2600




	1,250




	.2597






	498 - 534




	.2550




	1,300




	.2581






	534 - 587




	.2500




	1,350




	.2566






	587 - 646




	.2463




	1,400




	.2551






	646 - 711




	.2426














	711 - 782




	.2389














	782 - 860




	.2352














	860 - 946




	.2315














	946 - 1,041




	.2278














	1,041 - 1,145




	.2241














	1,145 - 1,260




	.2204














	over 1,260




	.2167














	Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's individual fund fee rate is 0.35%. Fidelity
	Growth Company Fund's individual fund fee rate is 0.30%. Based on the average group net assets of the funds advised by
	FMR for November 2001, each fund's annual basic fee rate would be calculated as follows:








	Fund Name






	Group Fee Rate









	Individual Fund


	Fee Rate










	Basic Fee Rate







	Aggressive Growth




	0.2795%




	+




	0.35%




	=




	0.6295%






	Growth Company




	0.2795%




	+




	0.30%




	=




	0.5795%






	New Millennium




	0.2795%




	+




	0.35%




	=




	0.6295%






	One-twelfth of this annual basic fee rate is applied to each fund's net assets averaged for the most recent month, giving a
	dollar amount, which is the fee for that month.



	Computing the Performance Adjustment.

	The basic fee for Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth
	Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund is subject to upward or downward adjustment, depending upon
	whether, and to what extent, the fund's investment performance for the performance period exceeds, or is exceeded by,
	the record of the Russell MidCap Growth Index, the Russell 3000 Growth Index, and the S&P 500, respectively, (the
	Index) over the same period. The performance period consists of the most recent month plus the previous 35 months.
	Each percentage point of difference, calculated to the nearest 0.01% (up to a maximum difference of ±10.00%) is
	multiplied by a performance adjustment rate of 0.02%. Thus, the maximum annualized adjustment rate is ±0.20%. This
	performance comparison is made at the end of each month. One twelfth (1/12) of the annual performance adjustment rate
	is then applied to each fund's average net assets determined as of the close of business on each business day throughout
	the month and the performance period, giving a dollar amount which will be added to (or subtracted from) the basic fee.


	Each fund's performance is calculated based on changes in net asset value (NAV). For purposes of calculating the
	performance adjustment, any dividends or capital gain distributions paid by each fund are treated as if reinvested in fund
	shares at the NAV as of the record date for payment. The record of the Index is based on change in value and is adjusted
	for any cash distributions from the companies whose securities compose the Index.


	Because the adjustment to the basic fee is based on each fund's performance compared to the investment record of
	the Index, the controlling factor is not whether each fund's performance is up or down per se, but whether it is up or down
	more or less than the record of the Index. Moreover, the comparative investment performance of each fund is based
	solely on the relevant performance period without regard to the cumulative performance over a longer or shorter period
	of time.


	During fiscal 2001, FMR received $68,795,000, $183,921,000, and $24,481,000, respectively, for its services as
	investment adviser to Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium
	Fund. These fees, which include both the basic fee and the performance adjustment, were equivalent to 0.66%, 0.75%,
	and 0.82%, respectively, of the average net assets of Fidelity Aggressive, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund. For 2001, the upward performance adjustments amounted to $3,061,000, $42,877,000, and
	$5,721,000, respectively, for Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund.


	FMR may, from time to time, voluntarily agree to reimburse all or a portion of each fund's total operating expenses
	(exclusive of interest, taxes, certain securities lending costs, brokerage commissions, and extraordinary expenses). FMR
	retains the ability to be repaid for these expense reimbursements in the amount that expenses fall below the limit prior to
	the end of the fiscal year. These arrangements can be discontinued by FMR at any time.





	SUB-ADVISORY AGREEMENTS



	On behalf of each fund, FMR has entered into a sub-advisory agreement dated January 1, 2001, with FMRC. Pursuant
	to the sub-advisory agreements, FMRC is primarily responsible for choosing investments for each fund.


	Each fund's sub-advisory agreement with FMRC was approved by the Board of Trustees pursuant to authority granted
	under the 1940 Act on July 15, 1999.


	Under the terms of the sub-advisory agreement for each fund, FMR pays FMRC fees equal to 50% of the management
	fee (including any performance adjustment) payable to FMR under its management contract with each fund. The fees paid to
	FMRC are not reduced by any voluntary or mandatory expense reimbursements that may be in effect from time to time.


	On behalf of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund, for the
	fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, FMR paid FMRC fees of $28,702,734, $63,159,553, and $8,432,684, respectively.


	On behalf of each fund, FMR has entered into sub-advisory agreements with FMR U.K. and FMR Far East. FMR Far East
	has entered into a sub-advisory agreement with FIJ on behalf of each fund.


	Pursuant to the sub-advisory agreements, FMR may receive from FMR U.K., FMR Far East, and FIJ investment research
	and advice on issuers outside the United States and FMR may grant FMR U.K., FMR Far East, and FIJ investment
	management authority as well as the authority to buy and sell securities if FMR believes it would be beneficial to the funds.


	<R> Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's sub-advisory agreements with FMR U.K. and
	FMR Far East, each dated December 1, 1994, were approved by shareholders on November 16, 1994. Fidelity Growth
	Company Fund's sub-advisory agreements with FMR U.K. and FMR Far East, each dated January 1, 1995, were approved by
	shareholders on December 14, 1994. The sub-advisory agreements were submitted to shareholders in connection with
	proposals to permit FMR to grant FMR U.K. and FMR Far East investment management authority, as well as the authority to
	buy and sell securities if FMR believes it would be beneficial to each fund and its shareholders. </R>


	<R> Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's, Fidelity Growth Company Fund's, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's research
	agreements between FMR Far East and FIJ, each dated January 1, 2000, were approved by the Board of Trustees on
	December 16, 1999. </R>On July 1<R>9</R>, 2001, the Board authorized amending and restating each fund's research
	agreement between FMR Far East and FIJ as a sub-advisory agreement between FMR Far East and FIJ under which FIJ may
	also perform investment advisory services for each fund in addition to providing investment research and advice. The
	changes to <R>each</R> contract for FIJ do not affect the management fee paid by <R>each</R> fund to FMR nor do they
	affect the sub-advisory fees paid by FMR to FMR Far East. Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund's, Fidelity Growth Company
	Fund's, and Fidelity New Millennium Fund's amended and restated sub-advisory agreements between FMR Far East and FIJ
	are each dated August 1, 2001.


	For providing non-discretionary investment advice and research services, the sub-advisers are compensated as
	follows:



	FMR pays FMR U.K. and FMR Far East fees equal to 110% and 105%, respectively, of FMR U.K.'s and FMR Far
	East's costs incurred in connection with providing investment advice and research services.

	FMR Far East pays FIJ a fee equal to 100% of FIJ's costs incurred in connection with providing investment advice
	and research services to FMR Far East.


	For providing discretionary investment management and executing portfolio transactions, the sub-advisers are
	compensated as follows:



	FMR pays FMR U.K. and FMR Far East a fee equal to 50% of its monthly management fee (including any
	performance adjustment) with respect to the fund's average net assets managed by the sub-adviser on a
	discretionary basis.

	FMR Far East pays FIJ a fee equal to 105% of FIJ's costs incurred in connection with providing investment
	advisory and order execution services for a fund to FMR Far East.


	For providing investment advice and research services, fees paid to FMR U.K., FMR Far East, and FIJ for the fiscal year
	ended November 30, 2001 are shown in the table below.












	FMR U.K.






	FMR Far East






	FIJ







	Aggressive Growth




	$ 316,452




	$ 344,381




	$ 182,592






	Growth Company




	$ 518,394




	$ 397,555




	$ 209,923






	New Millennium




	$ 27,308




	$ 318,133




	$ 167,532






	For discretionary investment management and execution of portfolio transactions, no fees were paid to FMR U.K.,
	FMR Far East, or FIJ on behalf of Fidelity Growth Company Fund for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001.


	For discretionary investment management and execution of portfolio transactions, fees paid to FMR Far East and FIJ
	on behalf of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund and Fidelity New Millennium Fund for the fiscal year ended November 30,
	2001 are shown in the table below.












	FMR Far East






	FIJ







	Aggressive Growth




	$ 79




	$ 33






	New Millennium




	$ 331




	$ 269







	PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS



	All orders for the purchase or sale of portfolio securities are placed on behalf of each fund by FMR pursuant to
	authority contained in the management contract.


	FMR is authorized to allocate portfolio transactions in a manner that takes into account assistance received in the
	distribution of shares of the funds or other Fidelity funds and to use the research services of brokerage and other firms
	that have provided such assistance. FMR may place trades with certain brokers with which it is under common control,
	including National Financial Services LLC (NFS) and Fidelity Brokerage Services (Japan) LLC (FBSJ), provided it
	determines that these affiliates' products, services, and costs are comparable to those of non-affiliated, qualified
	brokerage firms. FMR may also place trades with REDIBook ECN LLC (REDIBook)<R> and Archipelago ECN
	(Archipelago)</R>, electronic communication network<R>s</R> (ECN<R>s</R>) in which a wholly-owned subsidiary of
	FMR Corp. has an equity ownership interest, if the commissions are fair, reasonable, and comparable to commissions
	charged by non-affiliated, qualified brokerage firms for similar services.


	The brokerage commissions paid to


	NFS


	by each fund for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001 are listed in the
	following table:








	Fund





	Brokerage Commissions
	Paid to


	NFS







	Aggressive Growth




	$ 687,000






	Growth Company




	$ 1,500,000






	New Millennium




	$ 212,000







	Fund





	% of Aggregate
	Commissions Paid to


	NFS








	Aggressive Growth




	4.08%






	Growth Company




	4.82%






	New Millennium




	4.76%






	EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE FUNDS



	The executive officers of the funds include: Mr. Johnson, Ms. Johnson, Richard A. Spillane, Jr., Robert Bertelson, Steven
	Wymer, Neal P. Miller, Eric D. Roiter, Maria F. Dwyer, John H. Costello, Paul F. Maloney, and Thomas J. Simpson. Additional
	information about Mr. Johnson 3d and Ms. Johnson can be found in Proposal <R>5</R>. Additional information about
	other executive officers of the funds can be found in the following table.


	The executive officers hold office without limit in time, except that any officer may resign or may be removed by a vote of a
	majority of the Trustees at any regular meeting or any special meeting of the Trustees. The business address of each executive
	officer is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.






	Name, Age; Principal Occupation

	*






	Richard A. Spillane, Jr. (51)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1997


	Vice President of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund. Mr. Spillane also serves as Vice President of certain Equity Funds. He is President
	and a Director of Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. (2001) and Senior Vice President of FMR
	Co., Inc. (2001) and FMR (1997). Previously, Mr. Spillane served as Chief Investment Officer (Europe)
	for Fidelity International, Limited.






	Robert Bertelson (41)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2000


	Vice President of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund. Prior to assuming his current responsibilities, Mr.
	Bertelson managed a variety of Fidelity funds.






	Steven Wymer (40)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1997


	Vice President of Fidelity Growth Company Fund. Prior to assuming his current responsibilities, Mr.
	Wymer managed a variety of Fidelity funds.






	Neal P. Miller (59)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1994


	Vice President of Fidelity New Millennium Fund. Prior to assuming his current responsibilities, Mr.
	Miller managed a variety of Fidelity funds.






	Eric D. Roiter (43)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1998


	Secretary of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund. He also serves as Secretary of other Fidelity funds (1998); Vice President, General
	Counsel, and Clerk of FMR Co., Inc. (2001) and FMR (1998); Vice President and Clerk of FDC (1998);
	Secretary of Fidelity Southwest Company (1998); Assistant Clerk of Fidelity Management & Research
	(U.K.) Inc. (2001) and Fidelity Management & Research (Far East) Inc. (2001); and Assistant Secretary
	of Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc. (2001). Prior to joining Fidelity, Mr. Roiter was with
	the law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton, as an associate (1981-1984) and as a partner (1985-1997), and
	served as an Assistant General Counsel of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (1979-1981).
	Mr. Roiter was an Adjunct Member, Faculty of Law, at Columbia University Law School (1996-1997).






	Maria F. Dwyer (43)






	<R>




	Year of Election or Appointment: 2002</R>


	Treasurer of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity New
	Millennium Fund. She also serves as Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2002) and is a Vice President
	(1999) and an employee (1996) of FMR. Prior to joining Fidelity, Ms. Dwyer served as Director of
	Compliance for MFS Investment Management.






	John H. Costello (55)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 1986


	Assistant Treasurer of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity
	New Millennium Fund. Mr. Costello also serves as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds and is an
	employee of FMR.






	Paul F. Maloney (52)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2001


	Assistant Treasurer of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity
	New Millennium Fund. Mr. Maloney also serves as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2001)
	and is an employee of FMR. Previously, Mr. Maloney served as Vice President of Fidelity Reporting,
	Accounting and Pricing Services (FRAPS).






	Thomas J. Simpson (43)










	Year of Election or Appointment: 2000


	Assistant Treasurer of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and Fidelity
	New Millennium Fund. Mr. Simpson is Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2000) and an
	employee of FMR (1996). Prior to joining FMR, Mr. Simpson was Vice President and Fund Controller of
	Liberty Investment Services (1987-1995).





	* Except as otherwise indicated, each individual has held the office shown or other offices in the same company for the
	last five years.





	STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE FUNDS' TRUSTEES



	The Board of Trustees has established various committees to facilitate the timely and efficient consideration of all
	matters of importance to non-interested Trustees, each fund, and fund shareholders and to facilitate compliance with legal
	and regulatory requirements. Currently, the Board of Trustees has 10 standing committees.


	The Committee on Operations is composed of all of the non-interested Trustees, with Mr. Mann currently serving as
	Chairman. The committee normally meets monthly and serves as a forum for consideration of issues of importance to the
	non-interested Trustees. The committee also considers matters involving potential conflicts of interest between the funds
	and FMR and its affiliates and reviews proposed contracts and continuations of contracts between the Fidelity funds and
	FMR and its affiliates, and annually reviews and makes recommendations regarding transfer agent agreements, insurance
	coverage, and custody agreements. The committee also monitors additional issues including the level of service provided
	to shareholders, significant litigation, and the voting of proxies of portfolio companies. During the fiscal year ended
	November 30, 2001,


	the committee held 11 meetings.


	The Fair Value Oversight Committee is composed of all of the non-interested Trustees, with Mr. Mann serving as
	Chairman. The committee normally meets four times a year, or more often as required, in conjunction with meetings of
	the Board of Trustees. The Fair Value Oversight Committee monitors and establishes policies concerning procedures and
	controls regarding the valuation of fund investments and their classification as liquid or illiquid. The committee provides
	oversight regarding the investment policies and Fidelity funds' investment in non-traditional securities. The committee
	also reviews actions taken by FMR's Fair Value Committee. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001,


	the
	committee held <R>four</R> meetings.


	The Board of Trustees has established three fund oversight committees: the Equity Committee (composed of Messrs.
	McCoy (Chairman), Cox, Lautenbach, and Lynch), the Fixed-Income/International Committee (composed of Messrs.
	Gates (Chairman) and Kirk and Ms. Knowles), and the Select Committee (composed of Ms. Davis (Chairman) and
	Messrs. Cook and Stavropoulos). Each committee's members confer periodically and normally meet monthly. Each
	committee oversees investment advisory services provided by FMR to the relevant funds and monitors the investment
	objectives, policies, and practices of the relevant Fidelity funds. Each committee also monitors compliance by each fund
	with its investment policies, appropriate benchmarks, competitive universes, and investment performance. The
	Fixed-Income/International Committee also receives reports required under Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act. During the fiscal
	year ended November 30, 2001, each fund oversight committee held 11 meetings.


	The Committee on Service Fees is composed of Messrs. McCoy (Chairman), Cook, Kirk, and Lautenbach. The
	committee members confer periodically and meet at least annually. The committee considers the structure of the Fidelity
	funds' transfer agency fees, direct fees to investors, and the specific services rendered by FMR and its affiliates in
	consideration of these fees. The committee also considers fee structures for other non-investment management services
	rendered to the Fidelity funds by FMR and its affiliates. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, the committee
	held <R>one</R> meeting.


	The Brokerage Committee is composed of Messrs. Cox (Chairman), Cook, McCoy, and Stavropoulos and Ms. Davis.
	The committee normally meets four times a year, or more often as required, in conjunction with meetings of the Board of
	Trustees. The committee monitors and recommends policies concerning the securities transactions of the Fidelity funds.
	The committee periodically reviews the policies and practices with respect to efforts to achieve best execution and
	commissions paid to firms supplying research and brokerage services, providing sales support, or paying fund expenses.
	The committee also monitors brokerage and other relationships between the Fidelity funds and firms affiliated with FMR
	which participate in the execution of securities transactions. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, the
	committee held <R>six</R> meetings.


	The Committee on Distribution Channels is composed of Messrs. Cox (Chairman), Gates<R>,</R> and Stavropoulos
	and Msses. Davis and Knowles. The committee members confer periodically and hold meetings at least annually. The
	committee considers issues bearing on the various distribution channels employed by the Fidelity funds, including issues
	regarding Rule 18f-3 plans and related consideration of classes of shares, sales load structures, load waivers, selling
	concessions and service charges paid to intermediaries, Rule 12b-1 plans, contingent deferred sales charges, and
	finders' fees. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, the committee held <R>four</R> meetings.


	The Audit Committee is composed of Messrs. Kirk (Chairman), Gates,


	and Lautenbach and Ms. Knowles. The
	committee normally meets four times a year, or more often as required, in conjunction with meetings of the Board of
	Trustees. The committee oversees and monitors each Fidelity fund's internal accounting and control structure, its auditing
	function and its financial reporting process, including the resolution of material reporting issues. The committee
	recommends to the full Board of Trustees the appointment of auditors for the Fidelity funds. It reviews audit plans, fees
	and other material arrangements in respect of the engagement of auditors, including non-audit services to be performed.
	It reviews the qualifications of key personnel involved in the foregoing activities and monitors auditor independence. The
	committee plays an oversight role in respect of each fund's investment compliance procedures and the code of ethics.
	During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, the committee held <R>four</R> meetings. For additional information
	on each fund's auditor, refer to the section entitled "Independent Accountants" beginning on page

	<Click Here>

	.




	The Nominating and Administration Committee is composed of Messrs. Mann (Chairman), Cox, and Gates. The
	committee members confer periodically and hold meetings as required. The committee makes nominations for
	non-interested Trustees, for Members of the Advisory Board, and for membership on committees. The committee
	periodically reviews procedures and policies of the Board of Trustees and its committees and periodically reviews
	compensation of non-interested Trustees. It acts as the administrative committee under the Retirement Plan for
	non-interested Trustees who retired prior to December 30, 1996 and under the fee deferral plan for non-interested Trustees.
	It monitors the performance of legal counsel employed by the Fidelity funds and the non-interested Trustees. On behalf of
	the non-interested Trustees, the committee will make such findings and determinations as to the independence of counsel
	for the non-interested Trustees as may be appropriate under applicable regulations or otherwise. The committee monitors
	compliance with, and acts as the administrator of, the provisions of the code of ethics and any supplemental policies
	regarding personal securities transactions applicable to the non-interested Trustees. The Nominating and Administration
	Committee will consider nominees to the Board of Trustees recommended by shareholders. Recommendations should be
	submitted to the committee in care of the Secretary of the Fidelity funds. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001,
	the committee held <R>one</R> meeting.





	INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



	The firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has been selected as independent accountants for Fidelity Aggressive
	Growth Fund and Fidelity New Millennium Fund. The firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche
	Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates, (collectively, "Deloitte"), has been selected as independent accountants for
	Fidelity Growth Company Fund. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Deloitte, in accordance with Independence Standards
	Board Standard No. 1, have confirmed to the trust's Audit Committee that they are independent accountants with respect
	to the funds.


	The independent accountants examine annual financial statements for the funds and provide other non-audit and
	tax-related services to the funds. FMR and the trust's Audit Committee have considered whether other non-audit services
	by Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP and Deloitte are compatible with maintaining the independence of
	PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Deloitte in their audit of the funds. Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
	and Deloitte


	are not expected to be present at the Meeting, but have been given the opportunity to make a statement if they
	so desire and will be available should any matter arise requiring their presence.



	Fund-Related Fees




	Audit Fees.

	For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001,


	the approximate fee for professional services rendered for
	the audit of the annual financial statements for Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund, Fidelity Growth Company Fund, and
	Fidelity New Millennium Fund was $88,000, $25,000, and $41,000, respectively.



	All Other Fees.

	For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was also paid
	approximately $4,000 for tax-related services rendered to Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund and Fidelity New Millennium
	Fund. For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, Deloitte was also paid approximately $8,000 for tax-related services
	rendered to Fidelity Growth Company Fund.



	Non-Fund Related Fees




	Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees.

	For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001,
	PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was also paid approximately $500,000 for designing or implementing hardware or software
	systems on behalf of FMR, FMR Corp., the ultimate parent company of FMR, and FMR Corp. affiliates. For the fiscal year
	ended November 30, 2001, Deloitte was also paid approximately $<R>600,000</R> for designing or implementing
	hardware or software systems on behalf of FMR, FMR Corp., and FMR Corp. affiliates.



	All Other Fees.

	For the fiscal year ended November 30, 2001, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was also paid approximately
	$11,000,000 for all other non-audit services rendered on behalf of FMR, FMR Corp., and FMR Corp. affiliates. For the fiscal
	year ended November 30, 2001, Deloitte was also paid approximately $<R>1,600,000</R> for all other non-audit services
	rendered on behalf of FMR, FMR Corp., and FMR Corp. affiliates.








BROKERAGE PARTNERS


































© 1995-2017
EDGAR Online, Inc.
All rights reserved  NASDAQ:
EDGR 
Solutions for Corporations  
Terms of Use  
Privacy Statement

























Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust in Boston, MA - (617) 563-7000





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust



245 Summer St
Boston, MA 02210






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        617-563-7000
                    



Website:







There are 

42
                Companies located at 245 Summer St, Boston, MA 02210
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust is located in Boston, Massachusetts. This organization primarily operates in the Money Market Mutual Funds business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust is estimated to generate $120,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Management Investment, Open-ended



Industry:

Money Market Mutual Funds




SIC Code:

6722











Name:
Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 120,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 02210






Percentage Population



1,879
White
106
Hispanic
46
Black
177
Asian
7
Native American
3
Hawaiian
19
Other


89.9 %
White
5.1 %
Hispanic
2.2 %
Black
8.5 %
Asian
0.3 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
0.9 %
Other













Population




Population 
2,090




Female43.1%901


Male56.9%1,189




Median Age

33.5




Female33.8


Male33.3






























Questions & Answers









How long has Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust been in business?





Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust has been in business for approximately 3 years.







Is there a key contact at Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust?





You can contact Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust at (617) 563-7000







What are the annual sales for Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust?





Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust generates approximately $120,000 in annual sales.









How big is Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust?





Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust is estimated to generate $120,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







How many people work at Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust?





Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust has approximately 2 employees at this location.







What is the phone number for Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust?





The phone number for Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust is (617) 563-7000







Where is Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust located?





Fidelity Mt.vernon Street Trust is located at 245 Summer St, Boston, MA 02210.







Are there other companies located at 245 Summer St, Boston, MA?





There are 42 commercial tenants at 245 Summer St, Boston, MA.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 02210






Average House Value


                                $ 593,000
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 125,769
                            



Number of Households

1,140



Persons per Household

1.65













Number of Businesses

1,569



Number of Employees

26,603



Land Area (square miles)

0.926



Water Area (square miles)

0.542



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Fidelity Mt Vernon Street Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























fidelity mt vernon street trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Fidelity Mount Vernon Street Trust is headquartered in the United States. The Company's line of business includes the management of funds, trusts, and foundations organized for purposes other than religious, educational, charitable, and nonprofit research.




Corporate Information
Address:

82 Devonshire Street
Boston, MA 02109
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














SEC Info - Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust - ‘N-30D’ for 11/30/97










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust – ‘N-30D’ for 11/30/97As of:  Tuesday, 1/20/98   ·   For:  11/30/97   ·   Accession #:  225323-98-6   ·   File #:  811-03583
Previous ‘N-30D’:  ‘N-30D’ on 7/17/97 for 5/31/97   ·   Next:  ‘N-30D’ on 7/23/98 for 5/31/98   ·   Latest:  ‘N-30D’ on 1/24/03 for 11/30/02



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/20/98  Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust   N-30D      11/30/97    1:183K                                   Fidelity Court Street TrF-->Annual or Semi-Annual Report Mailed to Shareholders   —   Rule 30d-1Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-30D       Annual or Semi-Annual Report Mailed to               101±   425K 
                          Shareholders                                           

D-->P-->
FIDELITY                                                                        
(REGISTERED TRADEMARK)                                                          
GROWTH COMPANY                                                                  
FUND                                                                            
ANNUAL REPORT                                                                   
NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
CONTENTS                                                                        
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE      3    NED JOHNSON ON INVESTING STRATEGIES.              
PERFORMANCE              4    HOW THE FUND HAS DONE OVER TIME.                  
FUND TALK                6    THE MANAGER'S REVIEW OF FUND                      
              PERFORMANCE, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK.
INVESTMENT CHANGES       10   A SUMMARY OF MAJOR SHIFTS IN THE FUND'S           
                 INVESTMENTS OVER THE PAST SIX MONTHS.
INVESTMENTS              11   A COMPLETE LIST OF THE FUND'S INVESTMENTS         
     WITH THEIR MARKET VALUES.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     24   STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES,             
                  OPERATIONS, AND CHANGES IN NET ASSETS,
            AS WELL AS FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.
NOTES                    28   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.                
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT    33   THE AUDITORS' OPINION.                            
ACCOUNTANTS                                                                     
DISTRIBUTIONS            34                                                     
THIS REPORT AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE                   
SUBMITTED FOR THE GENERAL INFORMATION                                           
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE FUND. THIS REPORT IS NOT AUTHORIZED FOR              
DISTRIBUTION TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS                                           
IN THE FUND UNLESS PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY AN EFFECTIVE PROSPECTUS.          
MUTUAL FUND SHARES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED            
BY, ANY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION. SHARES ARE NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC,             
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OR ANY OTHER AGENCY, AND ARE SUBJECT TO                   
INVESTMENT RISKS, INCLUDING POSSIBLE LOSS OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT                   
INVESTED.                                                                       
NEITHER THE FUND NOR FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS CORPORATION IS A BANK.               
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON ANY FIDELITY FUND, INCLUDING CHARGES AND                
EXPENSES, CALL 1-800-544-8888 FOR A                                             
FREE PROSPECTUS. READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU INVEST OR SEND MONEY.             
To reduce expenses and demonstrate respect for our environment, we              
have initiated a project through which we will begin eliminating                
duplicate copies of most financial reports and prospectuses to most             
households, even if they have more than one account in the fund. If             
additional copies of financial reports, prospectuses or historical              
account information are needed, please call 1-800-544-6666.                     
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE                                                             

(photo_of_Edward_C_Johnson_3d)                                                  
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:                                                               
Although financial turmoil in Pacific Basin countries was a catalyst            
for significant volatility in U.S. markets in late October and into             
November, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has risen more than 31%               
year-to-date, almost three times its historical annual average.                 
Meanwhile, bond markets - primarily influenced by a relatively steady           
flow of positive news on the inflation front - continued to post solid          
returns through the first 11 months of 1997.                                    
While it's impossible to predict the future direction of the markets            
with any degree of certainty, there are certain basic principles that           
can help investors plan for their future needs.                                 
First, investors are encouraged to take a long-term view of their               
portfolios. If you can afford to leave your money invested through the          
inevitable up and down cycles of the financial markets, you will                
greatly reduce your vulnerability to any single decline. We know from           
experience, for example, that stock prices have gone up over longer             
periods of time, have significantly outperformed other types of                 
investments and have stayed ahead of inflation.                                 
Second, you can further manage your investing risk through                      
diversification. A stock mutual fund, for instance, is already                  
diversified, because it invests in many different companies. You can            
increase your diversification further by investing in a number of               
different stock funds, or in such other investment categories as                
bonds. If you have a short investment time horizon, you might want to           
consider moving some of your investment into a money market fund,               
which seeks income and a stable share price by investing in                     
high-quality, short-term investments. Of course, it's important to              
remember that there is no assurance that a money market fund will               
achieve its goal of maintaining a stable net asset value of $1.00 per           
share, and that these types of funds are neither insured nor                    
guaranteed by any agency of the U.S. government.                                
Finally, no matter what your time horizon or portfolio diversity, it            
makes good sense to follow a regular investment plan, investing a               
certain amount of money in a fund at the same time each month or                
quarter and periodically reviewing your overall portfolio. By doing             
so, you won't get caught up in the excitement of a rapidly rising               
market, nor will you buy all your shares at market highs. While this            
strategy - known as dollar cost averaging - won't assure a profit or            
protect you from a loss in a declining market, it should help you               
lower the average cost of your purchases.                                       
If you have questions, please call us at 1-800-544-8888. We are                 
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide you the                  
information you need to make the investments that are right for you.            
Best regards,                                                                   
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
PERFORMANCE: THE BOTTOM LINE                                                    

There are several ways to evaluate a fund's historical performance.             
You can look at the total percentage change in value, the average               
annual percentage change or the growth of a hypothetical $10,000                
investment. Total return reflects the change in the value of an                 
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund's dividend income and             
capital gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that              
have grown in value).                                                           
CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS                                                        
PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997          PAST 1   PAST 5    PAST 10             
                          YEAR     YEARS     YEARS
FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY                  14.63%   125.40%   592.52%             
S&P 500(REGISTERED TRADEMARK)            28.51%   150.41%   456.23%             
GROWTH FUNDS AVERAGE                     22.00%   118.19%   390.30%             

CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS show the fund's performance in percentage              
terms over a set period - in this case, one year, five years or 10              
years. For example, if you had invested $1,000 in a fund that had a 5%          
return over the past year, the value of your investment would be                
$1,050. You can compare the fund's returns to the performance of the            
Standard & Poor's 500 Index - a widely recognized, unmanaged index of           
common stocks. To measure how the fund's performance stacked up                 
against its peers, you can compare it to the growth funds average,              
which reflects the performance of mutual funds with similar objectives          
tracked by Lipper Analytical Services, Inc. The past one year average           
represents a peer group of 791 mutual funds. These benchmarks include           
reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude the effect          
of sales charges.                                                               
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS                                                    
PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997    PAST 1   PAST 5   PAST 10                    
             YEAR     YEARS    YEARS
FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY            14.63%   17.65%   21.35%                     
S&P 500                            28.51%   20.15%   18.69%                     
GROWTH FUNDS AVERAGE               22.00%   16.55%   16.76%                     

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS take the fund's cumulative return and              
show you what would have happened if the fund had performed at a                
constant rate each year. (Note: Lipper calculates average annual total          
returns by annualizing each fund's total return, then taking an                 
arithmetic average. This may produce a slightly different figure than           
that obtained by averaging the cumulative total returns and                     
annualizing the result.)                                                        
$10,000 OVER 10 YEARS                                                           
IMAHDR PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 140417 S00000000000001               
Growth Company              S&P 500                   
00025                       SP001                     
1987/11/30      10000.00                    10000.00                        
1987/12/31      11574.07                    10761.00                        
1988/01/31      11618.51                    11214.04                        
1988/02/29      12329.67                    11736.61                        
1988/03/31      12471.90                    11373.95                        
1988/04/30      12329.67                    11500.20                        
1988/05/31      12267.44                    11600.25                        
1988/06/30      13307.51                    12132.71                        
1988/07/31      13031.94                    12086.60                        
1988/08/31      12498.57                    11675.66                        
1988/09/30      13200.84                    12173.04                        
1988/10/31      13058.60                    12511.45                        
1988/11/30      12880.81                    12332.54                        
1988/12/31      13433.28                    12548.36                        
1989/01/31      14373.61                    13466.90                        
1989/02/28      14348.23                    13131.57                        
1989/03/31      14840.79                    13437.54                        
1989/04/30      15853.29                    14134.94                        
1989/05/31      17093.82                    14707.41                        
1989/06/30      16473.55                    14623.58                        
1989/07/31      17577.26                    15944.09                        
1989/08/31      18297.87                    16256.59                        
1989/09/30      18817.80                    16189.94                        
1989/10/31      18626.24                    15814.33                        
1989/11/30      18708.34                    16136.94                        
1989/12/31      19027.08                    16524.23                        
1990/01/31      17578.93                    15415.45                        
1990/02/28      18353.28                    15614.31                        
1990/03/31      19338.83                    16028.09                        
1990/04/30      19057.25                    15627.39                        
1990/05/31      21058.51                    17151.06                        
1990/06/30      21299.87                    17034.43                        
1990/07/31      20636.13                    16979.92                        
1990/08/31      18494.08                    15444.94                        
1990/09/30      16854.85                    14692.77                        
1990/10/31      16935.30                    14629.59                        
1990/11/30      18745.49                    15574.66                        
1990/12/31      19710.92                    16009.20                        
1991/01/31      21933.43                    16707.20                        
1991/02/28      23351.41                    17901.76                        
1991/03/31      24618.54                    18334.98                        
1991/04/30      24397.30                    18378.99                        
1991/05/31      25694.60                    19172.96                        
1991/06/30      23964.86                    18294.84                        
1991/07/31      25865.56                    19147.38                        
1991/08/31      26981.84                    19601.17                        
1991/09/30      26820.94                    19273.83                        
1991/10/31      26760.60                    19532.10                        
1991/11/30      25764.99                    18744.96                        
1991/12/31      29237.26                    20889.38                        
1992/01/31      29566.27                    20500.84                        
1992/02/29      29817.48                    20767.35                        
1992/03/31      28277.45                    20362.38                        
1992/04/30      27731.34                    20961.04                        
1992/05/31      27698.58                    21063.75                        
1992/06/30      26715.58                    20749.90                        
1992/07/31      27665.81                    21598.57                        
1992/08/31      26912.18                    21155.80                        
1992/09/30      27338.15                    21405.44                        
1992/10/31      28812.64                    21480.36                        
1992/11/30      30724.01                    22212.84                        
1992/12/31      31559.54                    22486.05                        
1993/01/31      32326.02                    22674.94                        
1993/02/28      31422.67                    22983.32                        
1993/03/31      32543.28                    23468.26                        
1993/04/30      32188.80                    22900.33                        
1993/05/31      33995.49                    23514.06                        
1993/06/30      34121.27                    23582.25                        
1993/07/31      33572.41                    23487.92                        
1993/08/31      34944.57                    24378.11                        
1993/09/30      35927.96                    24190.40                        
1993/10/31      36419.66                    24691.14                        
1993/11/30      35344.79                    24456.58                        
1993/12/31      36668.89                    24752.50                        
1994/01/31      37858.35                    25594.09                        
1994/02/28      37250.38                    24900.49                        
1994/03/31      35515.16                    23814.83                        
1994/04/30      35933.13                    24119.66                        
1994/05/31      35730.48                    24515.22                        
1994/06/30      34083.91                    23914.60                        
1994/07/31      34869.20                    24699.00                        
1994/08/31      36642.42                    25711.65                        
1994/09/30      35907.80                    25081.72                        
1994/10/31      37073.06                    25646.06                        
1994/11/30      35781.14                    24712.03                        
1994/12/31      35853.21                    25078.51                        
1995/01/31      35458.64                    25728.79                        
1995/02/28      36931.70                    26731.44                        
1995/03/31      38378.45                    27520.29                        
1995/04/30      40035.64                    28330.76                        
1995/05/31      41456.09                    29463.14                        
1995/06/30      44533.73                    30147.57                        
1995/07/31      47848.12                    31147.26                        
1995/08/31      48439.97                    31225.44                        
1995/09/30      49807.81                    32543.16                        
1995/10/31      49531.61                    32426.98                        
1995/11/30      50531.19                    33850.52                        
1995/12/31      50055.73                    34502.48                        
1996/01/31      51267.83                    35676.95                        
1996/02/29      52461.07                    36007.67                        
1996/03/31      52863.45                    36354.43                        
1996/04/30      54500.69                    36890.29                        
1996/05/31      55999.18                    37841.69                        
1996/06/30      55236.06                    37985.87                        
1996/07/31      51850.58                    36307.65                        
1996/08/31      53071.57                    37073.38                        
1996/09/30      56692.92                    39159.87                        
1996/10/31      56942.67                    40239.90                        
1996/11/30      60411.40                    43281.64                        
1996/12/31      58468.29                    42424.23                        
1997/01/31      61898.37                    45074.89                        
1997/02/28      60610.03                    45428.28                        
1997/03/31      56875.28                    43561.63                        
1997/04/30      59003.22                    46162.26                        
1997/05/31      63403.85                    48972.62                        
1997/06/30      65806.83                    51166.59                        
1997/07/31      71452.38                    55237.92                        
1997/08/31      68788.83                    52143.49                        
1997/09/30      72103.78                    54999.39                        
1997/10/31      67949.24                    53162.41                        
1997/11/28      69252.06                    55623.30                        
IMATRL PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 140422 R00000000000123               
$10,000 OVER 10 YEARS: Let's say hypothetically that $10,000 was                
invested in Fidelity Growth Company Fund on November 30, 1987. As the           
chart shows, by November 30, 1997, the value of the investment would            
have grown to $69,252 - a 592.52% increase on the initial investment.           
For comparison, look at how the S&P 500 did over the same period. With          
dividends and capital gains, if any, reinvested, the same $10,000               
investment would have grown to $55,623 - a 456.23% increase.                    
UNDERSTANDING                                                                   
PERFORMANCE                                                                     
How a fund did yesterday is                                                     
no guarantee of how it will do                                                  
tomorrow. The stock market,                                                     
for example, has a history of                                                   
long-term growth and                                                            
short-term volatility. In turn, the                                             
share price and return of a                                                     
fund that invests in stocks will                                                
vary. That means if you sell                                                    
your shares during a market                                                     
downturn, you might lose                                                        
money. But if you can ride out                                                  
the market's ups and downs,                                                     
you may have a gain.                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
FUND TALK: THE MANAGER'S OVERVIEW                                               
MARKET RECAP                                                                    
The 12 months that ended                                                        
November 30, 1997, was a period                                                 
that truly tested the U.S. stock                                                
market's resolve. But despite                                                   
frequent shifts in sentiment, an                                                
interest-rate hike and global                                                   
volatility concerns, U.S. stocks still                                          
managed to perform well. The                                                    
Standard & Poor's 500 Index - a                                                 
broad gauge of the U.S. stock                                                   
market - returned 28.51% during                                                 
the period, well above the                                                      
market's long-term annual                                                       
average return of around 11%. In                                                
the first half of the period, large-cap                                         
stocks were responsible for much                                                
of the market's gain, as investors                                              
were drawn to stocks with                                                       
recognizable names and consistent                                               
earnings-growth track records.                                                  
Consequently, stock prices soared                                               
and enthusiasm was high. The                                                    
Federal Reserve Board - in an                                                   
attempt to halt inflation before it                                             
appeared - raised a key                                                         
short-term interest rate by 0.25%                                               
in March. The market paused                                                     
briefly, but then kept rolling as the                                           
Dow Jones Industrial Average                                                    
reached the 8,000-point mark for                                                
the first time ever in August. With                                             
several multinational companies                                                 
announcing earnings shortfalls in                                               
mid-August, small-cap stocks                                                    
came into favor among investors.                                                
During August and September,                                                    
the Russell 2000 Index - which                                                  
measures small-cap stock                                                        
performance - was up 9.78%                                                      
while the S&P was down 0.43%.                                                   
Volatility in Asian markets in late                                             
October sent skittish investors                                                 
running for cover. The Dow slid                                                 
554 points in one day, then                                                     
snapped back the next, reclaiming                                               
330-plus points. Sensing                                                        
continued fallout from this                                                     
volatility, investors again became                                              
quality-conscious and large-caps                                                
regained their perch through                                                    
November.                                                                       
An interview with Steven Wymer, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity Growth            
Company Fund                                                                    
Q. HOW DID THE FUND PERFORM, STEVE?                                             
A. It's been a challenging year. For the 12 months that ended November
30, 1997, the fund returned 14.63%. This lagged the Standard & Poor's           
500 Index, which compiled a return of 28.51% over the same time. The            
growth funds average returned 22.00%, according to Lipper Analytical            
Services.                                                                       
Q. WHAT FACTORS CAUSED THE FUND TO UNDERPERFORM THE INDEX AND PEER              
GROUP?                                                                          
A. Individual stock selection within certain industry groups hurt, as           
did a difficult environment for technology stocks and an                        
underweighting in finance stocks relative to the S&P 500. In terms of           
individual disappointments, the fund's positions in retail-oriented             
stocks such as IKON Office Solutions, PETsMART and Sunglass Hut were            
particularly disappointing. Hollywood Entertainment - a video rental            
company - was hurt by a slow summer box office slate and subsequent             
weak video demand. Waste industry stocks - such as Waste Management,            
Inc. and USA Waste - also went through difficult performance                    
stretches. Technology stocks - which accounted for approximately 24%            
of the fund's investments at the end of the period - had trouble,               
particularly in the latter months of the period. Finally, finance               
stocks performed very well. The fund had some representation in this            
group, but finance is not an area that typically attracts a fund such           
as Growth Company that seeks above-average sales and earnings growth.           
Q. WHY DID TECHNOLOGY STOCKS FALTER?                                            
A. In the first half of the period, networking-related technology               
stocks were big detractors. Several fund holdings - including Ascend            
Communications and Cisco - suffered due to sluggish demand and                  
increased pricing pressure. But the time period that really hurt was            
October and November, when volatility in Asia hit tech stocks hard.             
The Asia-Pacific region - exclusive of Japan - accounts for roughly             
12% of the world's personal computer consumption, and 25% of all PCs            
are actually produced there. From a manufacturing standpoint, currency          
devaluations in that region will result in lower costs. That's the              
good news. The bad news is that consumption in Asia will decline, and           
companies that sell locally there or export products to that region             
will suffer the consequences.                                                   
Q. AT VARIOUS INTERVALS DURING THE PERIOD, INVESTORS FAVORED STOCKS OF          
LARGER COMPANIES OVER SMALLER COMPANIES, AND VICE VERSA. HOW DID THESE          
SHIFTS IN SENTIMENT AFFECT THE FUND?                                            
A. For much of the first half of the period, an extremely narrow group          
of large-capitalization stocks were the top performers. For a variety           
of reasons, investors favored the more recognizable, high-quality               
names regardless of the price of their stocks. That type of                     
environment favors the S&P 500 over a more diversified stock fund such          
as Growth Company. In late summer, however, a few of these companies            
announced earnings shortfalls and this helped to broaden the market.            
The fund benefited from this shift, because it made for a more even             
playing field for stocks of all sizes. In seeking growth, I don't               
limit myself to one particular cap level. I'll consider opportunities           
in the small-, medium- and large-cap arenas.                                    
Q. YOU MENTIONED THE SLUGGISH PERFORMANCE OF WASTE-RELATED STOCKS               
DURING THE PERIOD, YET USA WASTE SERVICES WAS THE FUND'S LARGEST                
SINGLE POSITION AS OF NOVEMBER 30 . . .                                         
A. Many of the problems within the waste group can be linked to a               
negative surprise concerning one company. Waste Management, Inc. -              
which the fund also owned during the period - was in the midst of               
restructuring itself when its new chief executive officer left the              
company. There were also concerns about aggressive accounting                   
practices with Waste Management. Unfortunately, these developments              
affected the entire waste group for much of the period. USA Waste,              
however, could continue to benefit from an industry that is displaying          
more discipline concerning capital management. The company also has             
been extremely active in terms of making logical acquisitions. While            
I'd characterize the waste industry as being disappointing during the           
period, USA Waste still had many appealing characteristics.                     
Q. WERE THERE ANY NOTEWORTHY ADDITIONS TO THE FUND'S TOP 10 HOLDINGS?           
A. One interesting stock that joined the top 10 at the close of the             
period was drug-maker Lilly. The draw to this company was mostly                
product-related. At the end of the period, Lilly was close to                   
receiving regulatory approval for a new drug called Evista. The                 
ability of this drug to fight osteoporosis, and other potential                 
benefits - including reducing cholesterol and fighting breast cancer -          
resulted in a fair amount of optimism among investors. The stock                
performed reasonably well during the period.                                    
Q. ALONG THE SAME LINES, THE FUND HELD MANY DRUG DISTRIBUTION AND DRUG          
STORE STOCKS. WHAT WAS THE APPEAL THERE?                                        
A. Increased consolidation activity - particularly some high-profile            
mergers - helped many of these stocks post strong performances. Drug            
distributor Cardinal Health was in the process of making a favorable            
acquisition, while drug-store stocks CVS and Rite-Aid both benefited            
from mergers. CVS - which has shown that it knows how to run drug               
stores successfully - bought Revco, while Rite-Aid purchased Thrifty            
Payless. Mergers such as these can be beneficial, particularly if an            
acquisition can give a company more pricing power within its industry.          
The fund had positions in Cardinal Health, CVS and Rite-Aid during the          
period and each performed nicely.                                               
Q. WHY DO YOU THINK THERE HAS BEEN SO MUCH MERGER AND ACQUISITION               
ACTIVITY LATELY?                                                                
A. I think the real driver behind this increased activity is that in            
an economy where it is difficult to raise prices - which is what we've          
seen recently - companies are looking for ways to improve their                 
profitability. Sometimes, a well-planned merger not only increases a            
company's size but also improves its access to key customers and                
allows it to lower its overall cost structure.                                  
Q. WHAT OTHER STOCKS PERFORMED WELL?                                            
A. Four names that stood out were Bristol-Myers Squibb, Nextel                  
Communications, CompUSA and Dell Computer. Like most pharmaceutical             
stocks, Bristol-Myers performed well due to an impressive array of new          
products and strong prescription drug demand. Nextel - which offers             
wireless communications services - and CompUSA - a retail computer              
store chain - enjoyed solid growth, while Dell continued to gather              
market share.                                                                   
Q. WHAT'S YOUR OUTLOOK?                                                         
A. Much attention will be focused on the fallout from Asia's economic           
crisis. No one knows when the situation will begin to improve - it              
could be three months or three years. With this in mind, the future             
for technology stocks - much of which is determined by Asian                    
consumption and production - is unpredictable. It's a wait-and-see              
game that I'll be monitoring quite closely.                                     
THE VIEWS EXPRESSED IN THIS REPORT REFLECT THOSE OF THE PORTFOLIO               
MANAGER ONLY THROUGH THE END OF THE PERIOD OF THE REPORT AS STATED ON           
THE COVER. THE MANAGER'S VIEWS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME BASED          
ON MARKET AND OTHER CONDITIONS.                                                 
STEVE WYMER ON INTERNATIONAL                                                    
MARKET VOLATILITY:                                                              
"The economic crisis that                                                       
enveloped the Asia-Pacific region                                               
in October and November affected                                                
many U.S. companies, especially                                                 
technology firms that sell locally                                              
in Asia or export their products                                                
to that area. Due to its growth                                                 
focus nature, the fund has                                                      
historically had considerable                                                   
exposure to growth-oriented                                                     
technology companies.                                                           
"At this point, it seems like the                                               
environment for tech stocks is                                                  
worse than companies are                                                        
admitting. When severe economic                                                 
downturns occur, it usually takes a                                             
while for companies to assess the                                               
real impact, but my sense is that                                               
Asia's problems have had a                                                      
harmful domino effect. There's                                                  
always a chance for rapid                                                       
improvement, but I don't see                                                    
anything near-term that indicates                                               
a turnaround. Right now, nobody                                                 
wants to touch Asia with a 10-foot                                              
pole.                                                                           
"What does all this mean for the                                                
fund? One positive aspect of                                                    
foreign market volatility is that it                                            
often creates buying opportunities.                                             
Stocks have become cheaper. I'm                                                 
going to keep a close eye on Asia                                               
to see if any signs of stabilization                                            
crop up. As with the Latin American                                             
currency crisis in 1995, U.S. stocks                                            
with exposure to beaten down                                                    
markets tend to rise quite quickly                                              
when improvement is visible."
FUND FACTS                                                                      
GOAL: to increase the value                                                     
of the fund's shares over the                                                   
long term by investing in                                                       
stocks with above-average                                                       
growth potential                                                                
FUND NUMBER: 025                                                                
TRADING SYMBOL: FDGRX                                                           
START DATE: January 17, 1983                                                    
SIZE: as of November
30, 1997, more than $10.5                                                       
billion                                                                         
MANAGER: Steven Wymer,                                                          
since January 1997;                                                             
manager, Fidelity Dividend                                                      
Growth Fund, 1995-97;                                                           
assistant manager, Fidelity OTC                                                 
Portfolio, January                                                              
1995-May 1995; manager,                                                         
Fidelity Select Chemicals                                                       
Portfolio, 1993-94; assistant,                                                  
Fidelity Magellan Fund,                                                         
1992-94; manager, Fidelity                                                      
Select Automotive Portfolio,                                                    
1990-93; joined Fidelity in                                                     
1989                                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
INVESTMENT CHANGES                                                              
TOP TEN STOCKS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 

                                                                [Download Table]


                                        % OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS
                                        INVESTMENTS    IN THESE STOCKS        
                                                       6 MONTHS AGO           
USA WASTE SERVICES, INC.                2.5            0.9                    
MICROSOFT CORP.                         2.1            1.5                    
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.                    2.0            2.0                    
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION   1.9            1.7                    
IKON OFFICE SOLUTIONS, INC.             1.8            1.6                    
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.                1.7            1.4                    
COMPUSA, INC.                           1.5            0.6                    
NEXTEL COMMUNICATIONS, INC. CLASS A     1.4            0.7                    
WAL-MART STORES, INC.                   1.3            1.1                    
LILLY (ELI) & CO.                       1.3            0.4                    
TOP FIVE MARKET SECTORS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
                                   % OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS     
                                   INVESTMENTS    IN THESE MARKET SECTORS     
                                                  6 MONTHS AGO                
TECHNOLOGY                         24.6           19.6                        
HEALTH                             12.0           11.3                        
RETAIL & WHOLESALE                 11.5           8.9                         
FINANCE                            8.9            10.5                        
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT   6.8            5.4                         

ASSET ALLOCATION (% OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS)                                      
AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 * AS OF MAY 31,1997 **                                  
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 5.1                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 44.9                                                     
ROW: 1, COL: 3, VALUE: 50.0                                                     
STOCKS  94.5%                                                                   
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 5.5%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 5.5%                                                                
STOCKS  94.9%                                                                   
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 5.1%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 3.7%                                                                
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 5.5                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 44.5                                                     
ROW: 1, COL: 3, VALUE: 50.0                                                     
*                                                                               
**                                                                              
INVESTMENTS NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
SHOWING PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL VALUE OF INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES                   
COMMON STOCKS - 94.9%                                                           
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE - 0.6%                                                      
Boeing Co.   883,920 $ 46,958                                                   
United Technologies Corp.   180,200  13,504                                     
60,462                                                                      
BASIC INDUSTRIES - 4.7%                                                         
CHEMICALS & PLASTICS - 2.8%                                                     
Air Products & Chemicals, Inc.   234,900  18,014                                
Airgas, Inc. (a)  44,000  616                                                   
ICI (Imperial Chemical Industries) PLC ADR Class L   400,000  23,775            
Minerals Technologies, Inc. (c)  1,259,900  55,121                              
Monsanto Co.   430,500  18,807                                                  
Nalco Chemical Co.   1,422,300  55,203                                          
Praxair, Inc.   200,000  8,788                                                  
Solutia, Inc.   166,100  3,789                                                  
Union Carbide Corp.   1,113,900  49,151                                         
Witco Corp.   1,380,900  59,551                                                 
292,815                                                                     
IRON & STEEL - 0.2%                                                             
Nucor Corp.   170,700  8,535                                                    
Steel Dynamics, Inc.   679,200  12,565                                          
21,100                                                                      
PACKAGING & CONTAINERS - 0.1%                                                   
Tupperware Corp.   478,800  11,431                                              
PAPER & FOREST PRODUCTS - 1.6%                                                  
Fort James Corp.   1,829,925  71,596                                            
Kimberly-Clark Corp.   278,000  14,473                                          
Unisource Worldwide, Inc. (c)  5,348,450  83,904                                
169,973                                                                     
TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRIES   495,319                                                
CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE - 0.5%                                               
REAL ESTATE - 0.3%                                                              
Catellus Development Corp. (a)  1,982,500  36,676                               
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS - 0.2%                                            
Starwood Lodging Trust combined certificate (SBI)   309,800  16,613             
TOTAL CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE   53,289                                       
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
DURABLES - 1.8%                                                                 
AUTOS, TIRES, & ACCESSORIES - 0.6%                                              
AutoZone, Inc. (a)  1,625,000 $ 48,750                                          
Circuit City Stores, Inc. - CarMax Group  686,100  8,190                        
Danaher Corp.   103,300  6,069                                                  
63,009                                                                      
CONSUMER DURABLES - 0.8%                                                        
Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co.   450,000  43,847                          
Samsonite Corp. (a)(c)  1,252,200  45,392                                       
89,239                                                                      
HOME FURNISHINGS - 0.3%                                                         
Linens'n Things, Inc.   773,500  26,589                                         
TEXTILES & APPAREL - 0.1%                                                       
NIKE, Inc. Class B  196,000  9,543                                              
TOTAL DURABLES   188,380                                                        
ENERGY - 1.5%                                                                   
ENERGY SERVICES - 0.4%                                                          
Dresser Industries, Inc.   209,000  7,811                                       
McDermott International, Inc.   108,400  3,415                                  
Schlumberger Ltd.   177,200  14,586                                             
Western Atlas, Inc. (a)  177,900  12,375                                        
38,187                                                                      
OIL & GAS - 1.1%                                                                
Anadarko Petroleum Corp.   169,800  11,037                                      
Enserch Exploration, Inc. (a)  1,625,000  13,610                                
Enron Oil & Gas Co.   725,000  13,820                                           
Pioneer Natural Resources Co.   210,500  6,723                                  
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.   832,800  43,878                                     
Total SA sponsored ADR  279,900  14,712                                         
Union Pacific Resources Group, Inc.   81,500  2,027                             
Unocal Corp.   285,317  11,359                                                  
117,166                                                                     
TOTAL ENERGY   155,353                                                          
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
FINANCE - 8.9%                                                                  
BANKS - 2.6%                                                                    
BankAmerica Corp.   880,000 $ 64,240                                            
Citicorp  565,000  67,765                                                       
Norwest Corp.   597,800  22,380                                                 
State Street Corp.   125,000  7,438                                             
Synovus Financial Corp.   120,000  3,832                                        
U.S. Bancorp   166,800  17,941                                                  
Wells Fargo & Co.   300,000  92,175                                             
275,771                                                                     
CREDIT & OTHER FINANCE - 1.4%                                                   
American Express Co.   1,657,516  130,737                                       
Green Tree Financial Corp.   460,000  14,087                                    
144,824                                                                     
FEDERAL SPONSORED CREDIT - 2.7%                                                 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation  2,100,400  86,642                       
Federal National Mortgage Association  3,699,300  195,369                       
282,011                                                                     
INSURANCE - 2.0%                                                                
Aetna, Inc.   640,000  48,240                                                   
Allmerica Financial Corp.   1,523,161  73,873                                   
American International Group, Inc.   225,000  22,683                            
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.   142,000  10,570                              
St. Paul Companies, Inc. (The)  545,000  43,600                                 
Travelers Group, Inc. (The)  300,099  15,155                                    
214,121                                                                     
SAVINGS & LOANS - 0.1%                                                          
TCF Financial Corp.   100,000  5,913                                            
SECURITIES INDUSTRY - 0.1%                                                      
Schwab (Charles) Corp.   420,750  16,225                                        
TOTAL FINANCE   938,865                                                         
HEALTH - 12.0%                                                                  
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS - 7.2%                                                  
American Home Products Corp.   1,250,000  87,344                                
Amgen, Inc.   212,040  10,841                                                   
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.   1,894,600  177,382                                   
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
HEALTH - CONTINUED                                                              
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS - CONTINUED                                             
Elan Corp. PLC ADR (a)  400,000 $ 21,100                                        
Genentech, Inc. special (a)  125,000  7,297                                     
Lilly (Eli) & Co.   2,150,000  135,584                                          
Medimmune, Inc. (a)  725,000  27,731                                            
Merck & Co., Inc.   797,400  75,404                                             
Pfizer, Inc.   970,000  70,568                                                  
Scherer R.P. Corp. (a)  256,100  15,702                                         
Schering-Plough Corp.   1,239,000  77,670                                       
SmithKline Beecham PLC ADR  541,200  26,857                                     
Warner-Lambert Co.   159,400  22,296                                            
Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  200,000  5,950                                
761,726                                                                     
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES - 2.4%                                             
Allegiance Corp.   450,000  14,259                                              
Arterial Vascular Engineering, Inc. (a)  505,000  27,964                        
Boston Scientific Corp. (a)  260,200  11,758                                    
Cardinal Health, Inc.   759,200  57,509                                         
Heartport, Inc. (a)  300,000  6,750                                             
Johnson & Johnson  844,300  53,138                                              
McKesson Corp.   191,400  21,413                                                
Medtronic, Inc.   848,200  40,502                                               
St. Jude Medical, Inc. (a)  222,600  6,595                                      
Sonus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  200,900  7,735                                 
Thermo Cardiosystems, Inc. (a)  100,000  1,937                                  
249,560                                                                     
MEDICAL FACILITIES MANAGEMENT - 2.4%                                            
Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp.   937,500  27,656                                 
Concentra Managed Care, Inc. (a)  250,000  8,469                                
Coram Healthcare Corp. warrants 7/11/99 (a)  30,552  -                          
Covance, Inc. (a)  864,800  15,674                                              
Coventry Corp. (a)  798,100  11,922                                             
FPA Medical Management, Inc. (a)  850,000  21,941                               
HEALTHSOUTH Corp. (a)  2,220,200  58,280                                        
Humana, Inc. (a)  550,000  12,203                                               
Oxford Health Plans, Inc. (a)  567,800  13,556                                  
United HealthCare Corp.   1,673,200  87,111                                     
256,812                                                                     
TOTAL HEALTH   1,268,098                                                        
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 6.8%                                         
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT - 2.6%                                                     
Adtran, Inc. (a)  300,000 $ 10,763                                              
Alcatel Alsthom Compagnie Generale d'Electricite SA  200,000  25,055            
General Electric Co.   2,900,000  213,875                                       
Nextlevel Systems, Inc. (a)  400,000  5,300                                     
Westinghouse Electric Corp.   750,000  22,500                                   
277,493                                                                     
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 1.1%                                         
Stewart & Stevenson Services, Inc.   704,200  15,316                            
Tyco International Ltd.   1,687,458  66,233                                     
United States Filter Corp. (a)  1,025,000  32,159                               
UNOVA, Inc.   177,900  3,002                                                    
116,710                                                                     
POLLUTION CONTROL - 3.1%                                                        
American Disposal Services, Inc. (a)  490,000  17,456                           
Superior Services, Inc. (a)  720,000  17,010                                    
USA Waste Services, Inc. (a)  7,799,125  257,859                                
Waste Management, Inc.   1,206,300  29,705                                      
322,030                                                                     
TOTAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT   716,233                                
MEDIA & LEISURE - 5.8%                                                          
BROADCASTING - 0.6%                                                             
Chancellor Media Corp. (a)  175,000  10,511                                     
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (a)  121,100  8,205                          
HSN, Inc. (a)  369,000  16,467                                                  
Time Warner, Inc.   500,867  29,175                                             
64,358                                                                      
ENTERTAINMENT - 0.7%                                                            
Disney (Walt) Co.   245,500  23,307                                             
MGM Grand, Inc. (a)  184,800  7,230                                             
Regal Cinemas, Inc. (a)  462,500  11,794                                        
Viacom, Inc. Class B (non-vtg.) (a)  717,330  25,107                            
67,438                                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
MEDIA & LEISURE - CONTINUED                                                     
LEISURE DURABLES & TOYS - 0.1%                                                  
Callaway Golf Co.   25,000 $ 797                                                
Nintendo Co. Ltd. Ord.   90,900  9,387                                          
10,184                                                                      
LODGING & GAMING - 1.5%                                                         
HFS, Inc. (a)  1,577,700  108,270                                               
Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. (a)  200,000  4,012                                
ITT Corp. (a)  175,100  13,286                                                  
Mirage Resorts, Inc. (a)  1,504,000  35,720                                     
161,288                                                                     
PUBLISHING - 0.8%                                                               
ACNielsen Corp. (a)  158,900  3,565                                             
Applied Graphics Technologies, Inc. (a)  62,900  2,925                          
Cognizant Corp.   755,000  32,371                                               
US WEST Media Group (a)  1,698,200  45,108                                      
83,969                                                                      
RESTAURANTS - 2.1%                                                              
Apple South, Inc.   750,000  13,781                                             
Brinker International, Inc. (a)  1,400,000  20,650                              
CKE Restaurants, Inc.   2,024,100  76,030                                       
Cheesecake Factory, Inc. (a)  300,000  9,225                                    
Darden Restaurants, Inc.   680,000  8,075                                       
Landry's Seafood Restaurants, Inc. (a)  592,200  16,656                         
Papa John's International, Inc. (a)  625,000  20,781                            
Starbucks Corp. (a)  727,300  25,365                                            
Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc. (a)  930,910  31,476                            
222,039                                                                     
TOTAL MEDIA & LEISURE   609,276                                                 
NONDURABLES - 6.5%                                                              
BEVERAGES - 2.0%                                                                
Boston Beer, Inc. (a)  235,000  2,233                                           
Coca-Cola Co. (The)  1,395,400  87,212                                          
PepsiCo, Inc.   3,338,500  123,107                                              
212,552                                                                     
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
NONDURABLES - CONTINUED                                                         
FOODS - 1.5%                                                                    
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.   2,217,500 $ 47,399                                 
Dole Food, Inc.   200,000  9,875                                                
Earthgrains Co.   485,000  20,976                                               
Nabisco Holdings Corp. Class A  860,500  40,121                                 
Sara Lee Corp.   650,000  34,369                                                
152,740                                                                     
HOUSEHOLD PRODUCTS - 2.1%                                                       
Avon Products, Inc.   381,900  22,079                                           
Clorox Co.   551,000  42,771                                                    
Dial Corp.   190,500  3,691                                                     
Gillette Co.   502,298  46,369                                                  
Premark International, Inc.   249,600  6,521                                    
Procter & Gamble Co.   1,377,800  105,143                                       
226,574                                                                     
TOBACCO - 0.9%                                                                  
Philip Morris Companies, Inc.   2,158,400  93,890                               
TOTAL NONDURABLES   685,756                                                     
PRECIOUS METALS - 0.3%                                                          
Barrick Gold Corp.   846,800  13,915                                            
Newmont Mining Corp.   459,700  13,820                                          
27,735                                                                      
RETAIL & WHOLESALE - 11.5%                                                      
APPAREL STORES - 1.0%                                                           
Gap, Inc.   977,800  52,496                                                     
Limited, Inc. (The)  500,000  12,031                                            
TJX Companies, Inc.   1,091,828  37,668                                         
102,195                                                                     
DRUG STORES - 1.1%                                                              
CVS Corp.   1,174,395  77,950                                                   
Rite Aid Corp.   600,000  39,450                                                
117,400                                                                     
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
RETAIL & WHOLESALE - CONTINUED                                                  
GENERAL MERCHANDISE STORES - 1.8%                                               
Consolidated Stores Corp. (a)  318,750 $ 15,499                                 
Costco Companies, Inc. (a)  405,400  17,964                                     
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.   387,100  10,718                                    
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.   3,525,600  140,804                                      
184,985                                                                     
GROCERY STORES - 1.0%                                                           
Albertson's, Inc.   500,000  22,188                                             
American Stores Co.   810,700  16,062                                           
JP Foodservice, Inc. (a)(c)  1,150,000  33,853                                  
Rykoff-Sexton, Inc.   268,400  6,022                                            
Safeway, Inc. (a)  257,600  15,649                                              
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (a)  370,000  16,974                                   
110,748                                                                     
RETAIL & WHOLESALE, MISCELLANEOUS - 6.6%                                        
Barnes & Noble, Inc. (a)  614,000  18,996                                       
Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. (a)  729,800  24,357                                    
Circuit City Stores, Inc. - Circuit City Group  584,300  19,172                 
Corporate Express, Inc. (a)  2,826,225  44,160                                  
Henry Schein, Inc. (a)  596,375  21,022                                         
Home Depot, Inc.   397,050  22,210                                              
IKON Office Solutions, Inc.   6,169,300  187,778                                
Lowe's Companies, Inc.   675,100  31,012                                        
Micro Warehouse, Inc. (a)(c)  2,856,500  41,419                                 
Officemax, Inc. (a)  3,247,700  45,671                                          
Staples, Inc. (a)  2,449,675  69,050                                            
Tandy Corp.   2,489,900  107,066                                                
Toys "R" Us, Inc. (a)  611,898  20,881                                          
Viking Office Products, Inc. (a)  1,783,500  41,356                             
694,150                                                                     
TOTAL RETAIL & WHOLESALE   1,209,478                                            
SERVICES - 3.5%                                                                 
ADVERTISING - 0.1%                                                              
Omnicom Group, Inc.   226,200  16,767                                           
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
SERVICES - CONTINUED                                                            
LEASING & RENTAL - 1.3%                                                         
Danka Business Systems PLC sponsored ADR  1,754,900 $ 64,493                    
Hertz Corp. Class A  806,300  31,798                                            
Hollywood Entertainment Corp. (a)(c)  2,053,200  17,709                         
Republic Industries, Inc. (a)  740,000  19,286                                  
133,286                                                                     
PRINTING - 0.4%                                                                 
Donnelley (R.R.) & Sons Co.   1,163,400  41,010                                 
SERVICES - 1.7%                                                                 
AccuStaff, Inc. (a)  302,900  8,954                                             
Corrections Corp. of America (a)  1,850,000  64,056                             
Medpartners, Inc. (a)  3,350,000  82,913                                        
Premier Technologies, Inc. (a)  425,000  10,147                                 
Service Corp. International  462,100  16,896                                    
182,966                                                                     
TOTAL SERVICES   374,029                                                        
TECHNOLOGY - 24.6%                                                              
COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT - 3.7%                                                 
ADC Telecommunications, Inc. (a)  479,300  17,824                               
Advanced Fibre Communication, Inc. (a)  1,281,900  33,169                       
Andrew Corp.   475,000  12,588                                                  
Aspect Telecommunications Corp. (a)  529,800  11,887                            
Boston Technology, Inc. (a)  1,370,000  29,455                                  
Ciena Corp.   700,000  37,800                                                   
Cisco Systems, Inc. (a)  805,800  69,500                                        
Dialogic Corp. (a)  717,900  30,107                                             
Ericsson (L.M.) Telephone Co. Class B ADR  725,000  29,317                      
Inter-Tel, Inc.   367,300  7,713                                                
Lucent Technologies, Inc.   597,200  47,851                                     
Natural Microsystems (a)  185,000  8,787                                        
Newbridge Networks Corp. (a)  700,000  29,488                                   
Pairgain Technologies, Inc. (a)  494,100  11,673                                
Tellabs, Inc. (a)  344,400  17,909                                              
395,068                                                                     
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
COMPUTER SERVICES & SOFTWARE - 9.4%                                             
Autodesk, Inc.   229,600 $ 8,825                                                
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.   450,400  25,335                               
CBT Group PLC sponsored ADR (a)  127,700  9,019                                 
CUC International, Inc. (a)  1,872,875  53,845                                  
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (a)  1,045,650  26,403                             
Ceridian Corp. (a)  385,000  16,892                                             
Cerner Corp. (a)  164,300  3,953                                                
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (a)  200,000  9,025                      
CompUSA, Inc. (a)  4,327,300  158,217                                           
DST Systems, Inc. (a)  894,300  33,145                                          
E Trade Group, Inc. (a)  518,000  12,982                                        
Electronic Data Systems Corp.   2,773,200  105,382                              
Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (a)  547,200  26,402                              
Equifax, Inc.   503,200  17,172                                                 
First Data Corp.   290,162  8,215                                               
Fiserv, Inc. (a)  225,000  10,913                                               
HBO & Co.   459,000  20,598                                                     
i2 Technologies, Inc. (a)  75,000  3,412                                        
Microsoft Corp. (a)  1,550,000  219,325                                         
Netscape Communications Corp. (a)  434,700  12,389                              
Oracle Corp. (a)  1,215,000  40,475                                             
Parametric Technology Corp. (a)  144,300  7,296                                 
Paychex, Inc.   265,500  10,886                                                 
PeopleSoft, Inc. (a)  650,000  42,534                                           
Remedy Corp. (a)  430,400  18,776                                               
SportsLine USA, Inc.   109,900  865                                             
Structural Dynamics Research Corp.   1,003  17                                  
Symantec Corp. (a)  785,400  19,635                                             
Synopsys, Inc. (a)  1,300,000  53,462                                           
Wind River Systems, Inc. (a)  75,000  2,911                                     
Yahoo, Inc. (a)  150,000  7,669                                                 
985,975                                                                     
COMPUTERS & OFFICE EQUIPMENT - 6.0%                                             
Adaptec, Inc. (a)  549,000  27,176                                              
CDW Computer Centers, Inc. (a)  293,600  17,322                                 
CHS Electronics, Inc. (a)  481,000  9,079                                       
Compaq Computer Corp.   1,650,000  103,022                                      
Creative Technology Ltd. (a)  592,900  15,786                                   
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
COMPUTERS & OFFICE EQUIPMENT - CONTINUED                                        
Dell Computer Corp. (a)  749,400 $ 63,090                                       
Digital Lightwave, Inc.   64,900  1,330                                         
EMC Corp. (a)  1,140,000  34,556                                                
FileNet Corp. (a)  380,500  10,440                                              
Hewlett-Packard Co.   1,475,000  90,067                                         
Ingram Micro, Inc. Class A (a)  125,000  3,789                                  
Iomega Corp. (a)  1,955,700  64,294                                             
Micron Electronics, Inc. (a)  2,450,000  27,256                                 
Pitney Bowes, Inc.   300,000  25,219                                            
Sandisk Corp. (a)(c)  1,873,900  45,911                                         
Splash Technology Holdings, Inc. (a)(c)  700,000  22,750                        
Symbol Technologies, Inc.   590,000  23,047                                     
Xerox Corp.   651,700  50,629                                                   
634,763                                                                     
ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS - 0.8%                                                   
Applied Materials, Inc. (a)  117,600  3,881                                     
KLA-Tencor Corp. (a)  97,900  3,794                                             
Perkin-Elmer Corp.   95,500  6,643                                              
Sawtek, Inc. (a)  246,600  7,182                                                
Teradyne, Inc. (a)  171,400  5,624                                              
Thermo Electron Corp. (a)  1,433,000  52,752                                    
79,876                                                                      
ELECTRONICS - 4.2%                                                              
Altera Corp. (a)  175,000  8,192                                                
Etec Systems, Inc. (a)  693,800  31,742                                         
General Semiconductor, Inc. (a)  612,500  6,661                                 
Intel Corp.   1,429,000  110,926                                                
Linear Technology Corp.   483,500  31,125                                       
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (a)  282,600  19,535                            
Micron Technology, Inc. (a)  419,500  10,435                                    
Motorola, Inc.   2,040,700  128,309                                             
Sterling Commerce, Inc. (a)  400,000  13,900                                    
Texas Instruments, Inc.   869,200  42,808                                       
Uniphase Corp. (a)  217,600  8,731                                              
VLSI Technology, Inc. (a)  908,750  20,447                                      
Xilinx, Inc. (a)  200,000  6,913                                                
439,724                                                                     
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT - 0.5%                                                   
Imation Corp. (a)(c)  2,785,220 $ 48,567                                        
TOTAL TECHNOLOGY   2,583,973                                                    
TRANSPORTATION - 0.7%                                                           
AIR TRANSPORTATION - 0.7%                                                       
Comair Holdings, Inc.   487,500  10,786                                         
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (Reg.) (d)  1,053,000  20,022                             
Ryanair Holdings PLC sponsored ADR  389,800  10,427                             
Southwest Airlines Co.   412,500  10,080                                        
Viad Corp.   1,279,400  24,389                                                  
75,704                                                                      
UTILITIES - 5.2%                                                                
CELLULAR - 1.9%                                                                 
AirTouch Communications, Inc. (a)  661,065  25,947                              
Bell Canada International, Inc.   100,000  1,450                                
Iridium World Communications Ltd. Class A  409,400  16,683                      
Microcell Telecommunications, Inc. Class B (non-vtg.) (a)  156,000              
975                                                                             
Nextel Communications, Inc. Class A (a)  6,017,300  151,937                     
Teligent, Inc. Class A  191,700  4,912                                          
201,904                                                                     
ELECTRIC UTILITY - 0.3%                                                         
AES Corp. (a)  5,100  187                                                       
Calenergy, Inc. (a)  975,000  32,418                                            
32,605                                                                      
GAS - 0.6%                                                                      
Enron Corp.   1,561,237  60,498                                                 
TELEPHONE SERVICES - 2.4%                                                       
AT&T Corp.   1,048,600  58,591                                                  
Cincinnati Bell, Inc.   1,094,200  32,279                                       
MCI Communications Corp.   1,758,900  77,282                                    
Metromedia Fiber Network, Inc. Class A  270,500  4,565                          
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
UTILITIES - CONTINUED                                                           
TELEPHONE SERVICES - CONTINUED                                                  
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Class A  385,800 $ 7,812                          
WorldCom, Inc. (a)  2,210,190  70,726                                           
251,255                                                                     
TOTAL UTILITIES   546,262                                                       
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS                                                             
(Cost $7,625,315)   9,988,212                                                   
CASH EQUIVALENTS - 5.1%                                                         
Taxable Central Cash Fund (b)                                                   
(Cost $533,364)  533,364,260  533,364                                           
TOTAL INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES - 100%                                           
(Cost $8,158,679)  $ 10,521,576                                                 
LEGEND                                                                          
1. Non-income producing                                                         
2. At period end, the seven-day yield on the Taxable Central Cash Fund          
was 5.69%. The yield refers to the income earned by investing in the            
fund over the seven-day period, expressed as an annual percentage.              
3. Affiliated company (see Note 7 of Notes to Financial Statements).            
4. Security exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities          
Act of 1933. These securities may be resold in transactions exempt              
from registration, normally to qualified institutional buyers. At the           
period end, the value of these securities amounted to $20,022,000 or            
0.2% of net assets.                                                             
INCOME TAX INFORMATION                                                          
At November 30, 1997, the aggregate cost of investment securities for           
income tax purposes was $8,185,158,000. Net unrealized appreciation             
aggregated $2,336,418,000, of which $2,770,767,000, related to                  
appreciated investment securities and 434,349,000 related to                    
depreciated investment securities.                                              
The fund hereby designates approximately $205,254,000 as a capital              
gain dividend for the purpose of the dividend paid deduction.                   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                            
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS (EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNT) NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
ASSETS                                                                                  
INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES, AT VALUE (COST $8,158,679) -                      $ 10,521,576
SEE ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULE                                                               
CASH                                                                         743        
RECEIVABLE FOR INVESTMENTS SOLD                                              41,483     
RECEIVABLE FOR FUND SHARES SOLD                                              9,399      
DIVIDENDS RECEIVABLE                                                         6,730      
INTEREST RECEIVABLE                                                          2,539      
OTHER RECEIVABLES                                                            766        
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                10,583,236 
LIABILITIES                                                                             
PAYABLE FOR INVESTMENTS PURCHASED                                 $ 40,671              
PAYABLE FOR FUND SHARES REDEEMED                                   12,470               
ACCRUED MANAGEMENT FEE                                             3,957                
OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES                                1,914                
 TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                           59,012     
NET ASSETS                                                                  $ 10,524,224

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF:                                                                  
PAID IN CAPITAL                                                             $ 6,896,524 
UNDISTRIBUTED NET INVESTMENT INCOME                                          54,423     
ACCUMULATED UNDISTRIBUTED NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                           1,210,383  
ON INVESTMENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS                                        
NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON INVESTMENTS                    2,362,894  
AND ASSETS AND LIABILITIES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES                                        
NET ASSETS, FOR 219,966 SHARES OUTSTANDING                                  $ 10,524,224

NET ASSET VALUE, OFFERING PRICE AND REDEMPTION PRICE                         $47.84     
PER SHARE ($10,524,224 (DIVIDED BY) 219,966 SHARES)                                     

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS  YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
INVESTMENT INCOME                                                         $ 91,581   
DIVIDENDS (INCLUDING $4,294 RECEIVED FROM AFFILIATED ISSUERS)                        
INTEREST                                                                   31,815    
 TOTAL INCOME                                                              123,396   
EXPENSES                                                                             
MANAGEMENT FEE                                                 $ 60,841              
BASIC FEE                                                                            
 PERFORMANCE ADJUSTMENT                                         (12,580)             
TRANSFER AGENT FEES                                             22,115               
ACCOUNTING FEES AND EXPENSES                                    826                  
NON-INTERESTED TRUSTEES' COMPENSATION                           63                   
CUSTODIAN FEES AND EXPENSES                                     267                  
REGISTRATION FEES                                               129                  
AUDIT                                                           98                   
LEGAL                                                           63                   
INTEREST                                                        2                    
MISCELLANEOUS                                                   51                   
 TOTAL EXPENSES BEFORE REDUCTIONS                               71,875               
 EXPENSE REDUCTIONS                                             (2,917)    68,958    
NET INVESTMENT INCOME                                                      54,438    
REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                        1,232,626 
NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENT SECURITIES (INCLUDING                         
REALIZED LOSS OF $12,334 ON SALES OF INVESTMENTS IN                                  
AFFILIATED ISSUERS)                                                                  
CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON:                             
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES                                          107,524              
 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES                   (2)        107,522   
NET GAIN (LOSS)                                                            1,340,148 
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING                           $ 1,394,586
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                      

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                              

                                                                [Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS                                    YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED  
                                                        NOVEMBER 30,  NOVEMBER 30,
                                                        1997          1996        

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS                                                 
OPERATIONS                                              $ 54,438      $ 76,283    
NET INVESTMENT INCOME                                                             
 NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                1,232,626     401,080    
 CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION)    107,522       993,674    
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING         1,394,586     1,471,037  
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                   
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS                            (61,467)      (23,344)   
FROM NET INVESTMENT INCOME                                                        
 FROM NET REALIZED GAIN                                  (321,291)     (294,687)  
 TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                                     (382,758)     (318,031)  
SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                       3,489,762     5,216,094  
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF SHARES                                                 
 REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                           379,989       315,350    
 COST OF SHARES REDEEMED                                 (3,964,019)   (3,263,751)

 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING         (94,268)      2,267,693  
FROM SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                                           
  TOTAL INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS                917,560       3,420,699  
NET ASSETS                                                                        
 BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                     9,606,664     6,185,965  
 END OF PERIOD (INCLUDING UNDISTRIBUTED NET INVESTMENT  $ 10,524,224  $ 9,606,664 
INCOME OF $54,423 AND $76,173, RESPECTIVELY)                                      
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                 
SHARES                                                                            
 SOLD                                                    79,391        134,851    
 ISSUED IN REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                 9,441         8,884      
 REDEEMED                                                (89,516)      (84,075)   
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                                 (684)         59,660     

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                   YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                      

                                   1997                      1996       1995     1994     1993   

SELECTED PER-SHARE DATA                                                                          
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING         $ 43.54                   $ 38.42    $ 28.25  $ 30.91  $ 28.13
OF PERIOD                                                                                        
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT                                                                           
OPERATIONS                                                                                       
 NET INVESTMENT INCOME              .24 C                     .34        .20      .12      .07   
 NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED        5.80                      6.72       11.00    .28      3.99  
 GAIN (LOSS)                                                                                     
 TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS   6.04                      7.06       11.20    .40      4.06  
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                               
 FROM NET INVESTMENT INCOME         (.28)                     (.14) F    (.22)    (.07)    (.07) 
 FROM NET REALIZED GAIN             (1.46)                    (1.80) F   (.81)    (2.99)   (1.21)

 TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                (1.74)                    (1.94)     (1.03)   (3.06)   (1.28)

NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD     $ 47.84                   $ 43.54    $ 38.42  $ 28.25  $ 30.91

TOTAL RETURN A, B                   14.63%                    19.55%     41.22%   1.23%    15.04%

RATIOS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                     
NET ASSETS, END OF PERIOD          $ 10,524                  $ 9,607    $ 6,186  $ 2,979  $ 2,423
(IN MILLIONS)                                                                                    
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO AVERAGE        .71%                      .88%       .96%     1.06%    1.08% 
NET ASSETS                                                                                       
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO AVERAGE NET    .68%                      .85%       .95%     1.05%    1.07% 
ASSETS AFTER EXPENSE REDUCTIONS    D                         D          D        D        D      
RATIO OF NET INVESTMENT INCOME TO   .54%                      .96%       .76%     .64%     .43%  
AVERAGE NET ASSETS                                                                               
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER RATE             93%                       78%        97%      135%     159%  
AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE E          $ .0444                   $ .0414                             

A THE TOTAL RETURNS WOULD HAVE BEEN LOWER HAD CERTAIN EXPENSES NOT              
BEEN REDUCED DURING THE PERIODS SHOWN (SEE NOTE 6 OF NOTES TO                   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                                          
B TOTAL RETURNS DO NOT INCLUDE THE FORMER ONE TIME SALES CHARGE (SEE            
NOTE 4 OF NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                       
C NET INVESTMENT INCOME PER SHARE HAS BEEN CALCULATED BASED ON AVERAGE          
SHARES OUTSTANDING DURING THE PERIOD.                                           
D FMR OR THE FUND HAS ENTERED INTO VARYING ARRANGEMENTS WITH THIRD              
PARTIES WHO EITHER PAID OR REDUCED A PORTION OF THE FUND'S EXPENSES             
(SEE NOTE 6 OF NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                  
E FOR FISCAL YEARS BEGINNING ON OR AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 1995, A FUND IS           
REQUIRED TO DISCLOSE ITS AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE PER SHARE FOR                  
SECURITY TRADES ON WHICH COMMISSIONS ARE CHARGED. THIS AMOUNT MAY VARY          
FROM PERIOD TO PERIOD AND FUND TO FUND DEPENDING ON THE MIX OF TRADES           
EXECUTED IN VARIOUS MARKETS WHERE TRADING PRACTICES AND COMMISSION              
RATE STRUCTURES MAY DIFFER.                                                     
F THE AMOUNTS SHOWN REFLECT CERTAIN RECLASSIFICATIONS RELATED TO BOOK           
TO TAX DIFFERENCES.                                                             
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   
For the period ended November 30, 1997
1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.                                             
Fidelity Growth Company Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt.               
Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an                   
unlimited number of shares. The trust is registered under the                   
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), as an                
open-end management investment company organized as a Massachusetts             
business trust. The financial statements have been prepared in                  
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles which permit           
management to make certain estimates and assumptions at the date of             
the financial statements. The following summarizes the significant              
accounting policies of the fund:                                                
SECURITY VALUATION. Securities for which exchange quotations are                
readily available are valued at the last sale price, or if no sale              
price, at the closing bid price. Securities (including restricted               
securities) for which exchange quotations are not readily available             
(and in certain cases debt securities which trade on an exchange) are           
valued primarily using dealer-supplied valuations or at their fair              
value as determined in good faith under consistently applied                    
procedures under the general supervision of the Board of Trustees.              
Short-term securities with remaining maturities of sixty days or less           
for which quotations are not readily available are valued at amortized          
cost or original cost plus accrued interest, both of which approximate          
current value.                                                                  
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION. The accounting records of the fund are            
maintained in U.S. dollars. Investment securities and other assets and          
liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S.          
dollars at the prevailing rates of exchange at period end. Income               
receipts and expense payments are translated into U.S. dollars at the           
prevailing exchange rate on the respective dates of the transactions.           
Purchases and sales of securities are translated into U.S. dollars at           
the contractual currency exchange rates established at the time of              
each trade.                                                                     
Net realized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions                  
represent net gains and losses from sales and maturities of foreign             
currency contracts, disposition of foreign currencies, and the                  
difference between the amount of net investment income accrued and the          
U.S. dollar amount actually received. The effects of changes in                 
foreign currency exchange rates on investments in securities are                
included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss on                   
investment securities.                                                          
INCOME TAXES. As a qualified regulated investment company under                 
Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, the fund is not subject to           
income taxes to the extent that it distributes substantially all of             
its taxable income for its fiscal year. The schedule of investments             
includes information regarding income taxes under the caption "Income           
Tax Information."                                                               
INVESTMENT INCOME. Dividend income is recorded on the ex-dividend               
date, except certain dividends from foreign securities where the                
ex-dividend date may have passed, are recorded as soon as the fund is           
informed of the ex-dividend date. Non-cash dividends included in                
dividend income, if any, are recorded at the fair market value of the           
securities received.                                                            
1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                  
INVESTMENT INCOME - CONTINUED                                                   
Interest income is accrued as earned. Investment income is recorded             
net of foreign taxes withheld where recovery of such taxes is                   
uncertain.                                                                      
EXPENSES. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a            
fund. Expenses which cannot be directly attributed are apportioned              
between the funds in the trust.                                                 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS. Distributions are recorded on the                
ex-dividend date.                                                               
Income and capital gain distributions are determined in accordance              
with income tax regulations which may differ from generally accepted            
accounting principles. These differences, which may result in                   
distribution reclassifications, are primarily due to differing                  
treatments for litigation proceeds and losses deferred due to wash              
sales. The fund also utilized earnings and profits distributed to               
shareholders on redemption of shares as a part of the dividends paid            
deduction for income tax purposes.                                              
Permanent book and tax basis differences relating to shareholder                
distributions will result in reclassifications to paid in capital.              
Undistributed net investment income and accumulated undistributed net           
realized gain (loss) on investments and foreign currency transactions           
may include temporary book and tax basis differences which will                 
reverse in a subsequent period. Any taxable income or gain remaining            
at fiscal year end is distributed in the following year.                        
SECURITY TRANSACTIONS. Security transactions are accounted for as of            
trade date. Gains and losses on securities sold are determined on the           
basis of identified cost.                                                       
2. OPERATING POLICIES.                                                          
FOREIGN CURRENCY CONTRACTS. The fund generally uses foreign currency            
contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign-denominated                     
securities. Losses may arise from changes in the value of the foreign           
currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts'           
terms. The U.S. dollar value of foreign currency contracts is                   
determined using contractual currency exchange rates established at             
the time of each trade. The cost of the foreign currency contracts is           
included in the cost basis of the associated investment.                        
JOINT TRADING ACCOUNT. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the             
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the fund, along with              
other affiliated entities of Fidelity Management & Research Company             
(FMR), may transfer uninvested cash balances into one or more joint             
trading accounts. These balances are invested in one or more                    
repurchase agreements for U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency obligations.          
REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. The underlying U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency           
securities are transferred to an account of the fund, or to the Joint           
Trading Account, at a bank custodian. The securities are                        
marked-to-market daily and maintained at a value at least equal to the          
principal amount of the repurchase agreement (including accrued                 
interest). FMR, the                                                             
2. OPERATING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                               
REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS - CONTINUED                                               
fund's investment adviser, is responsible for determining that the              
value of the underlying securities remains in accordance with the               
market value requirements stated above.                                         
TAXABLE CENTRAL CASH FUND. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by             
the SEC, the fund may invest in the Taxable Central Cash Fund (the              
Cash Fund) managed by FMR Texas, Inc., an affiliate of FMR. The Cash            
Fund is an open-end money market fund available only to investment              
companies and other accounts managed by FMR and its affiliates. The             
Cash Fund seeks preservation of capital, liquidity, and current income          
by investing in U.S. Treasury securities and repurchase agreements for          
these securities. Income distributions from the Cash Fund are declared          
daily and paid monthly from net interest income. Income distributions           
received by the fund are recorded as interest income in the                     
accompanying financial statements.                                              
RESTRICTED SECURITIES. The fund is permitted to invest in securities            
that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale. These          
securities generally may be resold in transactions exempt from                  
registration or to the public if the securities are registered.                 
Disposal of these securities may involve time-consuming negotiations            
and expense, and prompt sale at an acceptable price may be difficult.           
At the end of the period, the fund had no investments in restricted             
securities (excluding 144A issues).                                             
3. PURCHASES AND SALES OF INVESTMENTS.                                          
Purchases and sales of securities, other than short-term securities,            
aggregated $8,877,323,000 and $8,995,277,000, respectively.                     
4. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.                                 
MANAGEMENT FEE. As the fund's investment adviser, FMR receives a                
monthly basic fee that is calculated on the basis of a group fee rate           
plus a fixed individual fund fee rate applied to the average net                
assets of the fund. The group fee rate is the weighted average of a             
series of rates and is based on the monthly average net assets of all           
the mutual funds advised by FMR. The rates ranged from .2500% to                
.5200% for the period. The annual individual fund fee rate is .30%. In        
the event that these rates were lower than the contractual rates in             
effect during the period, FMR voluntarily implemented the above rates,          
as they resulted in the same or a lower management fee. The basic fee           
is subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of                      
(plus/minus).20% of the fund's average net assets over the performance          
period) based on the fund's investment performance as compared to the           
appropriate index over a specified period of time. For the period, the          
management fee was equivalent to an annual rate of .47% of average net          
assets after the performance adjustment.                                        
SALES LOAD. For the period December 1, 1996, through December 31,
1996, Fidelity Distributors Corporation, an affiliate of FMR and the            
general distributor of the                                                      
4. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES - CONTINUED                      
SALES LOAD - CONTINUED                                                          
fund, voluntarily waived the sales charge (3% of the offering price)            
on the sales of shares. Effective January 1, 1997, the fund's 3% sales          
charge was eliminated.                                                          
TRANSFER AGENT FEES. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an                   
affiliate of FMR, is the fund's transfer, dividend disbursing and               
shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset-based          
fees that vary according to account size and type of account. FSC pays          
for typesetting, printing and mailing of all shareholder reports,               
except proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were           
equivalent to an annual rate of .22% of average net assets.                     
ACCOUNTING FEES. FSC maintains the fund's accounting records. The fee           
is based on the level of average net assets for the month plus                  
out-of-pocket expenses.                                                         
BROKERAGE COMMISSIONS. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio               
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of FMR. The              
commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $2,261,000 for the              
period.                                                                         
5. BANK BORROWINGS.                                                             
The fund is permitted to have bank borrowings for temporary or                  
emergency purposes to fund shareholder redemptions. The fund has                
established borrowing arrangements                                              
with certain banks. Under the most restrictive arrangement, the fund            
must pledge to the bank securities having a market value in excess of           
220% of the total bank borrowings. The interest rate on the borrowings          
is the bank's base rate, as revised from time to time. The maximum              
loan and the average daily loan balance during the period for which             
the loan was outstanding amounted to $11,008,000. The weighted average          
interest rate was 5.88%.                                                        
6. EXPENSE REDUCTIONS.                                                          
FMR has directed certain portfolio trades to brokers who paid a                 
portion of the fund's expenses. For the period, the fund's expenses             
were reduced by $2,193,000 under this arrangement.                              
In addition, the fund has entered into arrangements with its custodian          
and transfer agent whereby credits realized as a result of uninvested           
cash balances were used to reduce a portion of the fund's expenses.             
During the period, the fund's custodian and transfer agent fees were            
reduced by $14,000 and $710,000, respectively, under these                      
arrangements.                                                                   
7. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATED COMPANIES.                                      
An affiliated company is a company in which the fund has ownership of           
at least 5% of the voting securities. Transactions during the period            
with companies which are or were affiliates are as follows:                     
SUMMARY OF TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATED COMPANIES                               
AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS                                                            
PURCHASE SALES DIVIDEND VALUE                                                 
AFFILIATE COST COST INCOME                                                      
Hollywood Entertainment Corp.   $ 5,182 $ 1,118 $ - $ 17,709                    
Imation Corp.    28,126  9,189  -  48,567                                       
JP Foodservice, Inc.    166  -  -  33,853                                       
Micro Warehouse, Inc.    34,426  7,452  -  41,419                               
Minerals Technologies, Inc.    6,101  1,049  64  55,121                         
Samsonite Corp.    26,000  17,732  -  45,392                                    
Sandisk Corp.    11,017  1,009  -  45,911                                       
Splash Technology Holdings, Inc.   971  736  -  22,750                          
Unisource Worldwide, Inc.    54,801  19,425  4,230  83,904                      
TOTALS  $ 166,790 $ 57,710 $ 4,294 $ 394,626                                    
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS                                               

To the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and the                     
Shareholders of Fidelity Growth Company Fund:                                   
We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities            
of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity Growth Company Fund,              
including the schedule of portfolio investments, as of November 30,
1997, and the related statement of operations for the year then ended,          
the statement of changes in net assets for each of the two years in             
the period then ended and the financial highlights for each of the              
five years in the period then ended. These financial statements and             
financial highlights are the responsibility of the fund's management.           
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial                  
statements and financial highlights based on our audits.                        
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing          
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit           
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements           
and financial highlights are free of material misstatement. An audit            
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts            
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included            
confirmation of securities owned as of November 30, 1997 by                     
correspondence with the custodian and brokers. An audit also includes           
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates              
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial                 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a                    
reasonable basis for our opinion.                                               
In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights               
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the                 
financial position of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity                
Growth Company Fund as of November 30, 1997, the results of its                 
operations for the year then ended, the changes in its net assets for           
each of the two years in the period then ended, and the financial               
highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in              
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.                       
/s/COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. 
Boston, Massachusetts                                                           
January 8, 1998
DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                   

The Board of Trustees of Fidelity Growth Company Fund voted to pay to           
shareholders of record at the opening of business on record date, the           
following distributions derived from capital gains realized from sales          
of portfolio securities, and dividends derived from net investment              
income:                                                                         
PAY DATE RECORD DATE DIVIDENDS CAPITAL GAINS                                  
12/29/97 12/26/97 $.22 $4.28                                                  
1/5/98 1/2/98 - $.43                                                          
A total of 8.67% of the dividends distributed during the fiscal year            
was derived from interest on U.S. Government securities which is                
generally exempt from state income tax.                                         
A total of 39% of the dividends distributed during the fiscal year              
qualifies for the dividends-received deduction for corporate                    
shareholders.                                                                   
The fund will notify shareholders in January 1998 of the applicable             
percentages for use in preparing 1997 income tax returns.                       
MANAGING YOUR INVESTMENTS                                                       

Fidelity offers several ways to conveniently manage your personal               
investments via your telephone or PC. You can access your account               
information, conduct trades and research your investments 24 hours a            
day.                                                                            
BY PHONE                                                                        
Fidelity TouchTone Xpressprovides a single toll-free number to access           
account balances, positions, quotes and trading. It's easy to navigate          
the service, and on your first call, the system will help you create a          
personal identification number (PIN) for security.                              
SM                                                                              
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)TOUCHTONE XPRESS                                                 
1-800-544-5555                                                                  
PRESS                                                                           
For mutual fund and brokerage trading.                                        

For quotes.*                                                                  

For account balances and holdings.                                            

To review orders and mutual                                                   
fund activity.                                                                  

To change your PIN.                                                           

To speak to a Fidelity representative.                                      
0                                                                               
*                                                                               
BY PC                                                                           
Fidelity's Web site on the Internet provides a wide range of                    
information, including daily financial news, fund performance,                  
interactive planning tools and news about Fidelity products and                 
services.                                                                       
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)FIDELITY'S WEB SITE 
WWW.FIDELITY.COM 
If you are not currently on the Internet, call Fidelity at                      
1-800-544-7272 for significant savings on Web access from internetMCI.          
SM                                                                              
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)                                                                 
FIDELITY ON-LINE XPRESS+                                                        
TM                                                                              
Fidelity On-line Xpress+ software for Windows combines comprehensive            
portfolio management capabilities, securities trading and access to             
research and analysis tools . . . all on your desktop. Call Fidelity            
at 1-800-544-7272 or visit our Web site for more information on how to          
manage your investments via your PC.                                            
* WHEN YOU CALL THE QUOTES LINE, PLEASE REMEMBER THAT A FUND'S YIELD            
AND RETURN WILL VARY AND,                                                       
EXCEPT FOR MONEY MARKET FUNDS, SHARE PRICE WILL ALSO VARY. THIS MEANS           
THAT YOU MAY HAVE A GAIN                                                        
OR LOSS WHEN YOU SELL YOUR SHARES. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT MONEY             
MARKET FUNDS WILL BE ABLE TO                                                    
MAINTAIN A STABLE $1 SHARE PRICE; AN INVESTMENT IN A MONEY MARKET FUND          
IS NOT INSURED OR                                                               
GUARANTEED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT. TOTAL RETURNS ARE HISTORICAL AND             
INCLUDE CHANGES IN SHARE PRICE,                                                 
REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND CAPITAL GAINS, AND THE EFFECTS OF ANY             
SALES CHARGES.                                                                  
TO VISIT FIDELITY                                                               

For directions and hours,                                                       
please call 1-800-544-9797.                                                     
ARIZONA                                                                         
7373 N. Scottsdale Road                                                         
Scottsdale, AZ                                                                  
CALIFORNIA                                                                      
815 East Birch Street                                                           
Brea, CA                                                                        
851 East Hamilton Avenue                                                        
Campbell, CA                                                                    
527 North Brand Boulevard                                                       
Glendale, CA                                                                    
19100 Von Karman Avenue                                                         
Irvine, CA                                                                      
10100 Santa Monica Blvd.                                                        
Los Angeles, CA                                                                 
251 University Avenue                                                           
Palo Alto, CA                                                                   
1760 Challenge Way                                                              
Sacramento, CA                                                                  
7676 Hazard Center Drive                                                        
San Diego, CA                                                                   
455 Market Street                                                               
San Francisco, CA                                                               
950 Northgate Drive                                                             
San Rafael, CA                                                                  
1400 Civic Drive                                                                
Walnut Creek, CA                                                                
6300 Canoga Avenue                                                              
Woodland Hills, CA                                                              
COLORADO                                                                        
1625 Broadway                                                                   
Denver, CO                                                                      
CONNECTICUT                                                                     
48 West Putnam Avenue                                                           
Greenwich, CT                                                                   
265 Church Street                                                               
New Haven, CT                                                                   
300 Atlantic Street                                                             
Stamford, CT                                                                    
29 South Main Street                                                            
West Hartford, CT                                                               
DELAWARE                                                                        
222 Delaware Avenue                                                             
Wilmington, DE                                                                  
FLORIDA                                                                         
4400 N. Federal Highway                                                         
Boca Raton, FL                                                                  
90 Alhambra Plaza                                                               
Coral Gables, FL                                                                
4090 N. Ocean Boulevard                                                         
Ft. Lauderdale, FL                                                              
1907 West State Road 434                                                        
Longwood, FL                                                                    
4001 Tamiami Trail, North                                                       
Naples, FL                                                                      
2401 PGA Boulevard                                                              
Palm Beach Gardens, FL                                                          
8065 Beneva Road                                                                
Sarasota, FL                                                                    
1502 N. Westshore Blvd.                                                         
Tampa, FL                                                                       
GEORGIA                                                                         
3445 Peachtree Road, N.E.                                                       
Atlanta, GA                                                                     
1000 Abernathy Road                                                             
Atlanta, GA                                                                     
HAWAII                                                                          
700 Bishop Street                                                               
Honolulu, HI                                                                    
ILLINOIS                                                                        
One North Franklin Street                                                       
Chicago, IL                                                                     
1415 West 22nd Street                                                           
Oak Brook, IL                                                                   
1700 East Golf Road                                                             
Schaumburg, IL                                                                  
3232 Lake Avenue                                                                
Wilmette, IL                                                                    
INDIANA                                                                         
4729 East 82nd Street                                                           
Indianapolis, IN                                                                
LOUISIANA                                                                       
201 St. Charles Avenue                                                          
New Orleans, LA                                                                 
MAINE                                                                           
3 Canal Plaza                                                                   
Portland, ME                                                                    
MARYLAND                                                                        
7401 Wisconsin Avenue                                                           
Bethesda, MD                                                                    
1 West Pennsylvania Ave.                                                        
Towson, MD                                                                      
MASSACHUSETTS                                                                   
470 Boylston Street                                                             
Boston, MA                                                                      
155 Congress Street                                                             
Boston, MA                                                                      
25 State Street                                                                 
Boston, MA                                                                      
300 Granite Street                                                              
Braintree, MA                                                                   
44 Mall Road                                                                    
Burlington, MA                                                                  
416 Belmont Street                                                              
Worcester, MA                                                                   
MICHIGAN                                                                        
280 North Woodward Ave.                                                         
Birmingham, MI                                                                  
29155 Northwestern Hwy.                                                         
Southfield, MI                                                                  
MINNESOTA                                                                       
7600 France Avenue South                                                        
Edina, MN                                                                       
MISSOURI                                                                        
700 West 47th Street                                                            
Kansas City, MO                                                                 
8885 Ladue Road                                                                 
Ladue, MO                                                                       
200 North Broadway                                                              
St. Louis, MO                                                                   
NEW JERSEY                                                                      
150 Essex Street                                                                
Millburn, NJ                                                                    
56 South Street                                                                 
Morristown, NJ                                                                  
501 Route 17, South                                                             
Paramus, NJ                                                                     
NEW YORK                                                                        
1055 Franklin Avenue                                                            
Garden City, NY                                                                 
999 Walt Whitman Road                                                           
Melville, L.I., NY                                                              
1271 Avenue of the Americas                                                     
New York, NY                                                                    
71 Broadway                                                                     
New York, NY                                                                    
350 Park Avenue                                                                 
New York, NY                                                                    
NORTH CAROLINA                                                                  
4611 Sharon Road                                                                
Charlotte, NC                                                                   
2200 West Main Street                                                           
Durham, NC                                                                      
OHIO                                                                            
600 Vine Street                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH                                                                  
28699 Chagrin Boulevard                                                         
Woodmere Village, OH                                                            
OREGON                                                                          
16850 SW 72 Avenue                                                              
Tigard, OR                                                                      
PENNSYLVANIA                                                                    
1735 Market Street                                                              
Philadelphia, PA                                                                
439 Fifth Avenue                                                                
Pittsburgh, PA                                                                  
TENNESSEE                                                                       
6150 Poplar Road                                                                
Memphis, TN                                                                     
TEXAS                                                                           
10000 Research Boulevard                                                        
Austin, TX                                                                      
4017 Northwest Parkway                                                          
Dallas, TX                                                                      
1155 Dairy Ashford Street                                                       
Houston, TX                                                                     
2701 Drexel Drive                                                               
Houston, TX                                                                     
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX                                                                      
14100 San Pedro                                                                 
San Antonio, TX                                                                 
19740 IH 45 North                                                               
Spring, TX                                                                      
UTAH                                                                            
215 South State Street                                                          
Salt Lake City, UT                                                              
VERMONT                                                                         
199 Main Street                                                                 
Burlington, VT                                                                  
VIRGINIA                                                                        
8180 Greensboro Drive                                                           
McLean, VA                                                                      
WASHINGTON                                                                      
411 108th Avenue, N.E.                                                          
Bellevue, WA                                                                    
511 Pine Street                                                                 
Seattle, WA                                                                     
WASHINGTON, DC                                                                  
1900 K Street, N.W.                                                             
Washington, DC                                                                  
WISCONSIN                                                                       
595 North Barker Road                                                           
Brookfield, WI                                                                  

TO WRITE FIDELITY                                                               

If more than one address is listed, please locate the address that is           
closest to you. We'll give your correspondence immediate attention and          
send you written confirmation upon completion of your request.                  
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)MAKING CHANGES                                                  
TO YOUR ACCOUNT                                                                 
(such as changing name, address, bank, etc.)                                    
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0002
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)FOR NON-RETIREMENT                                              
ACCOUNTS                                                                        
BUYING SHARES                                                                   
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
2300 Litton Lane - KH1A                                                         
Hebron, KY 41048
SELLING SHARES                                                                  
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 660602                                                                 
Dallas, TX 75266-0602
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
Attn: Redemptions - CP6I                                                        
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX 75309-5517                                                           
GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE                                                          
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 500                                                                    
Merrimack, NH 03054-0500
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)FOR RETIREMENT                                                  
ACCOUNTS                                                                        
BUYING SHARES                                                                   
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
SELLING SHARES                                                                  
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 660602                                                                 
Dallas, TX 75266-0602
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
Attn: Redemptions - CP6R                                                        
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX 75309-5517                                                           
GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE                                                          
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 500                                                                    
Merrimack, NH 03054-0500
INVESTMENT ADVISER                                                              
Fidelity Management & Research Company                                          
Boston, MA                                                                      
INVESTMENT SUB-ADVISERS                                                         
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(U.K.) Inc., London, England                                                  
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(Far East) Inc., Tokyo, Japan                                                 
OFFICERS                                                                        
Edward C. Johnson 3d, President                                                 
Robert C. Pozen, Senior Vice President                                          
Abigail P. Johnson, Vice President                                              
Steven Wymer, Vice President                                                    
Eric D. Roiter, Secretary                                                       
Richard A. Silver, Treasurer                                                    
John H. Costello, Assistant Treasurer                                           
Leonard M. Rush, Assistant Treasurer                                            
BOARD OF TRUSTEES                                                               
Ralph F. Cox *                                                                  
Phyllis Burke Davis *                                                           
Robert M. Gates *                                                               
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
E. Bradley Jones *                                                              
Donald J. Kirk *                                                                
Peter S. Lynch                                                                  
Marvin L. Mann *                                                                
William O. McCoy *                                                              
Gerald C. McDonough *                                                           
Robert C. Pozen                                                                 
Thomas R. Williams *                                                            
ADVISORY BOARD                                                                  
J. Gary Burkhead                                                                
GENERAL DISTRIBUTOR                                                             
Fidelity Distributors Corporation                                               
Boston, MA                                                                      
TRANSFER AND SHAREHOLDER                                                        
SERVICING AGENT                                                                 
Fidelity Service Company, Inc.                                                  
Boston, MA                                                                      
* INDEPENDENT TRUSTEES                                                          
CUSTODIAN                                                                       
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co.                                                   
Boston, MA                                                                      
FIDELITY'S GROWTH FUNDS                                                         
Blue Chip Growth Fund                                                           
Capital Appreciation Fund                                                       
Contrafund                                                                      
Disciplined Equity Fund                                                         
Dividend Growth Fund                                                            
Emerging Growth Fund                                                            
Export and Multinational Fund                                                   
Fidelity Fifty                                                                  
Growth Company Fund                                                             
Large Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Low-Priced Stock Fund                                                           
Magellan(registered trademark) Fund                                             
Mid-Cap Stock Fund                                                              
New Millennium(registered trademark) Fund                                       
OTC Portfolio                                                                   
Retirement Growth Fund                                                          
Small Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Stock Selector                                                                  
TechnoQuant Growth Fund                                                         
SM                                                                              
Trend Fund                                                                      
Value Fund                                                                      
THE FIDELITY TELEPHONE CONNECTION                                               
MUTUAL FUND 24-HOUR SERVICE                                                     
Exchanges/Redemptions  1-800-544-7777                                           
Account Assistance 1-800-544-6666                                               
Product Information 1-800-544-8888                                              
Retirement Accounts 1-800-544-4774                                              
(8 a.m. - 9 p.m.)                                                             
TDD Service 1-800-544-0118                                                      
for the deaf and hearing impaired                                             
(9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern time)                                                
(registered trademark)                                                          
TouchTone Xpress  1-800-544-5555                                                
SM                                                                              
AUTOMATED LINE FOR QUICKEST SERVICE                                           
FIDELITY                                                                        
(REGISTERED TRADEMARK)                                                          

NEW MILLENNIUM(registered trademark)                                            
FUND                                                                            
ANNUAL REPORT                                                                   
NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
CONTENTS                                                                        
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE      3    NED JOHNSON ON INVESTING STRATEGIES.              
PERFORMANCE              4    HOW THE FUND HAS DONE OVER TIME.                  
FUND TALK                6    THE MANAGER'S REVIEW OF FUND                      
              PERFORMANCE, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK.
INVESTMENT CHANGES       9    A SUMMARY OF MAJOR SHIFTS IN THE FUND'S           
                 INVESTMENTS OVER THE PAST SIX MONTHS.
INVESTMENTS              10   A COMPLETE LIST OF THE FUND'S INVESTMENTS         
     WITH THEIR MARKET VALUES.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     24   STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES,             
                  OPERATIONS, AND CHANGES IN NET ASSETS,
            AS WELL AS FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.
NOTES                    28   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.                
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT    32   THE AUDITORS' OPINION.                            
ACCOUNTANTS                                                                     
DISTRIBUTIONS            33                                                     
THIS REPORT AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE                   
SUBMITTED FOR THE GENERAL INFORMATION                                           
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE FUND. THIS REPORT IS NOT AUTHORIZED FOR              
DISTRIBUTION TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS                                           
IN THE FUND UNLESS PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY AN EFFECTIVE PROSPECTUS.          
MUTUAL FUND SHARES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED            
BY, ANY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION. SHARES ARE NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC,             
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OR ANY OTHER AGENCY, AND ARE SUBJECT TO                   
INVESTMENT RISKS, INCLUDING POSSIBLE LOSS OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT                   
INVESTED.                                                                       
NEITHER THE FUND NOR FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS CORPORATION IS A BANK.               
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON ANY FIDELITY FUND, INCLUDING CHARGES AND                
EXPENSES, CALL 1-800-544-8888 FOR A                                             
FREE PROSPECTUS. READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU INVEST OR SEND MONEY.             
To reduce expenses and demonstrate respect for our environment, we              
have initiated a project through which we will begin eliminating                
duplicate copies of most financial reports and prospectuses to most             
households, even if they have more than one account in the fund. If             
additional copies of financial reports, prospectuses or historical              
account information are needed, please call 1-800-544-6666.                     
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE                                                             

(photo_of_Edward_C_Johnson_3d)                                                  
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:                                                               
Although financial turmoil in Pacific Basin countries was a catalyst            
for significant volatility in U.S. markets in late October and into             
November, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has risen more than 31%               
year-to-date, almost three times its historical annual average.                 
Meanwhile, bond markets - primarily influenced by a relatively steady           
flow of positive news on the inflation front - continued to post solid          
returns through the first 11 months of 1997.                                    
While it's impossible to predict the future direction of the markets            
with any degree of certainty, there are certain basic principles that           
can help investors plan for their future needs.                                 
First, investors are encouraged to take a long-term view of their               
portfolios. If you can afford to leave your money invested through the          
inevitable up and down cycles of the financial markets, you will                
greatly reduce your vulnerability to any single decline. We know from           
experience, for example, that stock prices have gone up over longer             
periods of time, have significantly outperformed other types of                 
investments and have stayed ahead of inflation.                                 
Second, you can further manage your investing risk through                      
diversification. A stock mutual fund, for instance, is already                  
diversified, because it invests in many different companies. You can            
increase your diversification further by investing in a number of               
different stock funds, or in such other investment categories as                
bonds. If you have a short investment time horizon, you might want to           
consider moving some of your investment into a money market fund,               
which seeks income and a stable share price by investing in                     
high-quality, short-term investments. Of course, it's important to              
remember that there is no assurance that a money market fund will               
achieve its goal of maintaining a stable net asset value of $1.00 per           
share, and that these types of funds are neither insured nor                    
guaranteed by any agency of the U.S. government.                                
Finally, no matter what your time horizon or portfolio diversity, it            
makes good sense to follow a regular investment plan, investing a               
certain amount of money in a fund at the same time each month or                
quarter and periodically reviewing your overall portfolio. By doing             
so, you won't get caught up in the excitement of a rapidly rising               
market, nor will you buy all your shares at market highs. While this            
strategy - known as dollar cost averaging - won't assure a profit or            
protect you from a loss in a declining market, it should help you               
lower the average cost of your purchases.                                       
If you have questions, please call us at 1-800-544-8888. We are                 
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide you the                  
information you need to make the investments that are right for you.            
Best regards,                                                                   
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
PERFORMANCE: THE BOTTOM LINE                                                    

There are several ways to evaluate a fund's historical performance.             
You can look at the total percentage change in value, the average               
annual percentage change or the growth of a hypothetical $10,000                
investment. Total return reflects the change in the value of an                 
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund's dividend income and             
capital gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that              
have grown in value).                                                           
CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS                                                        

                                                                [Download Table]


PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997                         PAST 1   LIFE OF
                                                        YEAR     FUND   
FIDELITY NEW MILLENNIUM                                 21.01%   187.56%

FIDELITY NEW MILLENNIUM (INCL. 3% SALES CHARGE)         17.38%   178.93%

S&P 500(REGISTERED TRADEMARK)                           28.51%   145.48%

CAPITAL APPRECIATION FUNDS AVERAGE                      18.03%   N/A    

CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS show the fund's performance in percentage      
terms over a set period - in this case, one year or since the fund      
started on December 28, 1992. For example, if you had invested $1,000   
in a fund that had a 5% return over the past year, the value of your    
investment would be $1,050. You can compare the fund's returns to the   
performance of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index - a widely recognized,   
unmanaged index of common stocks. To measure how the fund's             
performance stacked up against its peers, you can compare it to the     
capital appreciation funds average, which reflects the performance of   
mutual funds with similar objectives tracked by Lipper Analytical       
Services, Inc. The past one year average represents a peer group of     
213 mutual funds. These benchmarks include reinvested dividends and     
capital gains, if any, and exclude the effect of sales charges.         
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS                                            
PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997                         PAST 1   LIFE OF
                                                        YEAR     FUND   
FIDELITY NEW MILLENNIUM                                 21.01%   23.91% 
FIDELITY NEW MILLENNIUM (INCL. 3% SALES CHARGE)         17.38%   23.15% 
S&P 500                                                 28.51%   20.00% 
CAPITAL APPRECIATION FUNDS AVERAGE                      18.03%   N/A    

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS take the fund's cumulative return and              
show you what would have happened if the fund had performed at a                
constant rate each year. (Note: Lipper calculates average annual total          
returns by annualizing each fund's total return, then taking an                 
arithmetic average. This may produce a slightly different figure than           
that obtained by averaging the cumulative total returns and                     
annualizing the result.)                                                        
$10,000 OVER LIFE OF FUND                                                       
IMAHDR PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 101102 S00000000000001               
New Millennium              S&P 500                   
00300                       SP001                     
1992/12/28       9700.00                    10000.00                        
1992/12/31       9777.60                     9923.75                        
1993/01/31      10291.70                    10007.11                        
1993/02/28      10029.80                    10143.21                        
1993/03/31      10437.20                    10357.23                        
1993/04/30      10340.20                    10106.58                        
1993/05/31      10951.30                    10377.44                        
1993/06/30      11038.60                    10407.53                        
1993/07/31      11242.30                    10365.90                        
1993/08/31      11620.60                    10758.77                        
1993/09/30      11892.20                    10675.93                        
1993/10/31      12105.60                    10896.92                        
1993/11/30      11610.90                    10793.40                        
1993/12/31      12189.94                    10924.00                        
1994/01/31      12418.52                    11295.42                        
1994/02/28      12448.35                    10989.31                        
1994/03/31      11682.76                    10510.18                        
1994/04/30      11613.16                    10644.71                        
1994/05/31      11533.62                    10819.28                        
1994/06/30      11285.05                    10554.21                        
1994/07/31      11523.67                    10900.39                        
1994/08/31      12160.01                    11347.30                        
1994/09/30      12368.81                    11069.29                        
1994/10/31      12756.58                    11318.35                        
1994/11/30      12229.61                    10906.14                        
1994/12/31      12290.89                    11067.88                        
1995/01/31      12026.25                    11354.87                        
1995/02/28      12546.03                    11797.37                        
1995/03/31      13014.85                    12145.51                        
1995/04/30      13830.19                    12503.19                        
1995/05/31      13983.06                    13002.94                        
1995/06/30      15195.88                    13305.00                        
1995/07/31      16500.42                    13746.20                        
1995/08/31      16694.06                    13780.70                        
1995/09/30      17325.95                    14362.24                        
1995/10/31      17162.88                    14310.97                        
1995/11/30      18457.23                    14939.22                        
1995/12/31      18699.43                    15226.95                        
1996/01/31      18382.01                    15745.28                        
1996/02/29      19679.17                    15891.24                        
1996/03/31      20056.13                    16044.27                        
1996/04/30      21231.33                    16280.76                        
1996/05/31      21830.02                    16700.64                        
1996/06/30      21098.29                    16764.27                        
1996/07/31      19346.57                    16023.63                        
1996/08/31      20344.39                    16361.56                        
1996/09/30      21763.50                    17282.39                        
1996/10/31      21852.20                    17759.04                        
1996/11/30      23049.58                    19101.45                        
1996/12/31      23027.71                    18723.05                        
1997/01/31      24805.04                    19892.86                        
1997/02/28      22902.22                    20048.82                        
1997/03/31      22400.88                    19225.02                        
1997/04/30      23232.65                    20372.75                        
1997/05/31      25534.27                    21613.04                        
1997/06/30      26354.64                    22581.31                        
1997/07/31      29909.62                    24378.10                        
1997/08/31      29943.80                    23012.44                        
1997/09/30      31470.61                    24272.83                        
1997/10/31      28736.02                    23462.12                        
1997/11/28      27892.85                    24548.18                        
IMATRL PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 101104 R00000000000063               
$10,000 OVER LIFE OF FUND: Let's say hypothetically that $10,000 was            
invested in Fidelity New Millennium Fund on December 28, 1992, when             
the fund started, and the current 3% sales charge was paid. As the              
chart shows, by November 30, 1997, the value of the investment would            
have grown to $27,893 - a 178.93% increase on the initial investment.           
For comparison, look at how the S&P 500 did over the same period. With          
dividends and capital gains, if any, reinvested, the same $10,000               
investment would have grown to $24,548 - a 145.48% increase.                    
UNDERSTANDING                                                                   
PERFORMANCE                                                                     
How a fund did yesterday is                                                     
no guarantee of how it will do                                                  
tomorrow. The stock market,                                                     
for example, has a history of                                                   
long-term growth and                                                            
short-term volatility. In turn, the                                             
share price and return of a                                                     
fund that invests in stocks will                                                
vary. That means if you sell                                                    
your shares during a market                                                     
downturn, you might lose                                                        
money. But if you can ride out                                                  
the market's ups and downs,                                                     
you may have a gain.                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
FUND TALK: THE MANAGER'S OVERVIEW                                               
MARKET RECAP                                                                    
The 12 months that ended                                                        
November 30, 1997, was a period                                                 
that truly tested the U.S. stock                                                
market's resolve. But despite                                                   
frequent shifts in sentiment, an                                                
interest-rate hike and global                                                   
volatility concerns, U.S. stocks still                                          
managed to perform well. The                                                    
Standard & Poor's 500 Index - a                                                 
broad gauge of the U.S. stock                                                   
market - returned 28.51% during                                                 
the period, well above the market's                                             
long-term annual average of                                                     
around 11%. In the first half of the                                            
period, large-cap stocks were                                                   
responsible for much of the                                                     
market's gain, as investors were                                                
drawn to stocks with recognizable                                               
names and consistent                                                            
earnings-growth track records.                                                  
Consequently, stock prices soared                                               
and enthusiasm was high. The                                                    
Federal Reserve Board - in an                                                   
attempt to halt inflation before it                                             
appeared - raised a key                                                         
short-term interest rate by 0.25% in                                            
March. The market paused briefly,                                               
but then kept rolling as the Dow                                                
Jones Industrial Average reached                                                
the 8,000-point mark for the first                                              
time ever in August. With several                                               
multinational companies                                                         
announcing earnings shortfalls in                                               
mid-August, small-cap stocks came                                               
into favor among investors.                                                     
During August and September, the                                                
Russell 2000 Index - which                                                      
measures small-cap stock                                                        
performance - was up 9.78%                                                      
while the S&P was down 0.43%.                                                   
Volatility in Asian markets in late                                             
October sent skittish investors                                                 
running for cover. The Dow slid                                                 
554 points in one day, then                                                     
snapped back the next, reclaiming                                               
330-plus points. Sensing continued                                              
fallout from this volatility, investors                                         
again became quality-conscious                                                  
and large-caps regained their                                                   
perch through November.                                                         
An interview with Neal Miller, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity New                
Millennium Fund                                                                 
Q. HOW DID THE FUND PERFORM, NEAL?                                              
A. For the 12 months that ended November 30, 1997, the fund returned            
21.01%. The capital appreciation funds average returned 18.03% during           
this time, according to Lipper Analytical Services. The Standard &              
Poor's 500 Index returned 28.51%.                                               
Q. WHAT FACTORS INFLUENCED THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE?                              
A. One major disappointment was the performance of small-company                
stocks relative to stocks of larger companies. At the beginning of the          
period, investors were still favoring a narrow group of very large,             
well-known companies. In the summer months, however, small-cap stocks           
gained momentum. In August and September, the Russell 2000 Index -              
which measures the performance of small-cap stocks - outgained the S&P          
500, which measures the performance of larger stocks. Turmoil in Asian          
markets during the last two months of the period, though, brought               
small stocks back to earth. In times of volatility, wary investors              
tend to gravitate toward higher-quality, conservatively priced blue             
chip stocks. And when investors bought these kinds of stocks, they              
tended to sell technology issues, where the fund had significant                
exposure.                                                                       
Q. DOES THAT EXPLAIN WHY THE FUND'S TECHNOLOGY EXPOSURE WAS REDUCED             
FROM AROUND 44% A YEAR AGO TO APPROXIMATELY 25%?                                
A. I had begun reducing the fund's technology positions prior to the            
turmoil in Asia - which has been a significant technology consumption           
and production source - mostly because I perceived overall market               
demand to be weakening. Along with low demand, other disturbing trends          
included software delays, the slower adaptation of video technology             
into the marketplace and falling personal computer prices that cut              
into profits. While technology is always an important sector for the            
fund, the fund's weighting will typically depend on specific product            
initiatives as well as the relative prospects and prices within the             
industry.                                                                       
Q. ASM LITHOGRAPHY WAS THE FUND'S LARGEST SINGLE POSITION AT THE END            
OF THE PERIOD. WHY WAS THIS STOCK ATTRACTIVE?                                   
A. This stock was one of the best performing positions during the               
period. On a recent trip to Asia, I met with several people involved            
in the semiconductor business. All said that lithography - the process          
of producing patterns on semiconductor wafers for use as integrated             
circuits - would be the most important aspect of technology going               
forward. ASM Lithography - which is based in the Netherlands - has              
pioneered a process using ultraviolet light sources that could be very          
much in demand. The company also has a very favorable competitive               
position with this particular technology.                                       
Q. CAN YOU HIGHLIGHT SOME OF THE STOCKS THAT DID WELL? WHAT ABOUT               
DISAPPOINTMENTS?                                                                
A. Three that immediately come to mind as being positive contributors           
included Keane, US Airways and Herman Miller, which specializes in              
office furnishings. Keane - which provides information technology               
services - had its earnings driven by three factors: consulting on the          
"year 2000" problem, existing customers outsourcing additional work to          
Keane and the capture of new customers. US Airways - which used to be           
US Air - performed well as new management came in and made some                 
quality decisions about how to allocate its capital. One such smart             
move was purchasing the remainder of its related shuttle service on             
the East Coast, in which the company previously had only a minority             
interest. Lastly, Herman Miller benefited from strong demand for                
workplace systems and furniture. As far as laggards go, Micron                  
Technology and KLA-Tencor were two technology-related holdings that             
suffered from the Asian crisis.                                                 
Q. WHAT'S YOUR OUTLOOK?                                                         
A. After all that's happened in the past few months, I'm still                  
optimistic on the near-term future for stocks. I'd temper that by               
adding that we are entering a political period in the U.S. where the            
president can make some difficult but prudent economic decisions since          
he won't be running for re-election. In terms of fiscal and monetary            
policy - along with the Asian backdrop, where cheap exports should              
have a deflationary effect - the risk that interest rates will rise             
going forward appears to be minimal, because inflation seems to be              
under control. The technology sector needs to get its house in order,           
and if tech companies can focus on new product innovation, I'm                  
confident that I'll be able to find some opportunities.                         
THE VIEWS EXPRESSED IN THIS REPORT REFLECT THOSE OF THE PORTFOLIO               
MANAGER ONLY THROUGH THE END OF THE PERIOD OF THE REPORT AS STATED ON           
THE COVER. THE MANAGER'S VIEWS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME BASED          
ON MARKET AND OTHER CONDITIONS.                                                 
STEVE WYMER ON INTERNATIONAL                                                    
MARKET VOLATILITY:                                                              
"The economic crisis that                                                       
enveloped the Asia-Pacific region                                               
in October and November affected                                                
many U.S. companies, especially                                                 
technology firms that sell locally                                              
in Asia or export their products                                                
to that area. Due to its growth                                                 
focus nature, the fund has                                                      
historically had considerable                                                   
exposure to growth-oriented                                                     
technology companies.                                                           
"At this point, it seems like the                                               
environment for tech stocks is                                                  
worse than companies are                                                        
admitting. When severe economic                                                 
downturns occur, it usually takes a                                             
while for companies to assess the                                               
real impact, but my sense is that                                               
Asia's problems have had a                                                      
harmful domino effect. There's                                                  
always a chance for rapid                                                       
improvement, but I don't see                                                    
anything near-term that indicates                                               
a turnaround. Right now, nobody                                                 
wants to touch Asia with a 10-foot                                              
pole.                                                                           
"What does all this mean for the                                                
fund? One positive aspect of                                                    
foreign market volatility is that it                                            
often creates buying opportunities.                                             
Stocks have become cheaper. I'm                                                 
going to keep a close eye on Asia                                               
to see if any signs of stabilization                                            
crop up. As with the Latin American                                             
currency crisis in 1995, U.S. stocks                                            
with exposure to beaten down                                                    
markets tend to rise quite quickly                                              
when improvement is visible."
FUND FACTS                                                                      
GOAL: to increase the value                                                     
of the fund's shares over the                                                   
long term by investing in                                                       
stocks with above-average                                                       
growth potential                                                                
FUND NUMBER: 025                                                                
TRADING SYMBOL: FDGRX                                                           
START DATE: January 17, 1983                                                    
SIZE: as of November
30, 1997, more than $10.5                                                       
billion                                                                         
MANAGER: Steven Wymer,                                                          
since January 1997;                                                             
manager, Fidelity Dividend                                                      
Growth Fund, 1995-97;                                                           
assistant manager, Fidelity OTC                                                 
Portfolio, January                                                              
1995-May 1995; manager,                                                         
Fidelity Select Chemicals                                                       
Portfolio, 1993-94; assistant,                                                  
Fidelity Magellan Fund,                                                         
1992-94; manager, Fidelity                                                      
Select Automotive Portfolio,                                                    
1990-93; joined Fidelity in                                                     
1989                                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
INVESTMENT CHANGES                                                              
TOP TEN STOCKS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
                % OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS
        INVESTMENTS    IN THESE STOCKS
                    6 MONTHS AGO
ASM LITHOGRAPHY HOLDING NV   3.4            2.2                                 
GLOBAL MARINE, INC.          3.1            3.1                                 
KEANE, INC.                  2.9            2.3                                 
SMITH INTERNATIONAL, INC.    2.9            2.3                                 
WOLVERINE WORLD WIDE, INC.   2.2            2.7                                 
VIASOFT, INC.                2.1            3.0                                 
KLA-TENCOR CORP.             1.9            2.1                                 
COFLEXIP SPONSORED ADR       1.6            0.4                                 
COMPUWARE CORP.              1.5            1.0                                 
MILLER (HERMAN), INC.        1.5            1.2                                 
TOP FIVE MARKET SECTORS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
                % OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS
                INVESTMENTS    IN THESE MARKET SECTORS
                    6 MONTHS AGO
TECHNOLOGY                   25.1           38.3                                
ENERGY                       12.2           9.9                                 
FINANCE                      10.5           5.1                                 
CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE   7.8            2.2                                 
DURABLES                     5.6            5.9                                 
ASSET ALLOCATION (% OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS)                                      
AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 * AS OF MAY 31, 1997 **                                 
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 92.40000000000001                                        
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 7.6                                                      
STOCKS 96.3%                                                                    
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 3.7%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 7.3%                                                                
STOCKS 92.4%                                                                    
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 7.6%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 7.0%                                                                
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 96.3                                                     
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 3.7                                                      
*                                                                               
**                                                                              
INVESTMENTS NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
SHOWING PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL VALUE OF INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES                   
COMMON STOCKS - 91.9%                                                           
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE - 0.8%                                                      
SHIP BUILDING & REPAIR - 0.8%                                                   
Halter Marine Group, Inc. (a)  412,597 $ 11,501                                 
BASIC INDUSTRIES - 3.1%                                                         
CHEMICALS & PLASTICS - 0.3%                                                     
MacDermid, Inc.   9,300  665                                                    
Millennium Chemicals, Inc.   184,800  4,250                                     
Valspar Corp.   1,500  46                                                       
4,961                                                                       
IRON & STEEL - 1.0%                                                             
Armco, Inc. (a)  161,600  859                                                   
SPS Technologies, Inc. (a)  329,400  14,411                                     
Steel of West Virginia, Inc. (a)  17,300  170                                   
15,440                                                                      
METALS & MINING - 1.0%                                                          
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.   418,800  14,501                               
Uranium Resources, Inc. (a)  90,400  429                                        
14,930                                                                      
PACKAGING & CONTAINERS - 0.0%                                                   
Corning, Inc.   2,700  114                                                      
PAPER & FOREST PRODUCTS - 0.8%                                                  
Champion International Corp.   152,200  8,152                                   
Chesapeake Corp.   22,800  781                                                  
Fort James Corp.   48,000  1,878                                                
Longview Fibre Co.   102,300  1,650                                             
12,461                                                                      
TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRIES   47,906                                                 
CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE - 7.8%                                               
BUILDING MATERIALS - 6.0%                                                       
CalMat Co.   222,200  5,819                                                     
Centex Construction Products, Inc.   102,400  3,136                             
Coflexip sponsored ADR  494,900  24,621                                         
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.   25,100  653                                     
Giant Cement Holding, Inc. (a)  136,700  3,383                                  
Lafarge Corp.   188,600  5,634                                                  
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE - CONTINUED                                          
BUILDING MATERIALS - CONTINUED                                                  
Lone Star Industries, Inc.   202,100 $ 10,534                                   
Medusa Corp.   164,900  6,689                                                   
Southdown, Inc.   328,200  18,933                                               
Vulcan Materials Co.   110,600  11,247                                          
90,649                                                                      
CONSTRUCTION - 1.1%                                                             
Bouygues Offshore SA sponsored ADR  20,000  450                                 
Butler Manufacturing Co.   322,150  10,913                                      
McDermott (J. Ray) SA (a)  42,500  1,570                                        
NCI Building Systems, Inc. (a)  49,000  1,880                                   
Walter Industries, Inc. (a)  61,600  1,224                                      
16,037                                                                      
ENGINEERING - 0.3%                                                              
MYR Group, Inc.   2,300  51                                                     
Stone & Webster, Inc.   106,900  5,011                                          
5,062                                                                       
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS - 0.4%                                            
First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.   185,500  6,551                            
TOTAL CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE   118,299                                      
DURABLES - 5.6%                                                                 
AUTOS, TIRES, & ACCESSORIES - 0.7%                                              
Cummins Engine Co., Inc.   42,500  2,736                                        
Navistar International Corp. (a)  226,700  4,987                                
Tyler Corp. (a)  170,300  873                                                   
Wabash National Corp.   66,900  1,894                                           
10,490                                                                      
CONSUMER DURABLES - 0.1%                                                        
Oneida Ltd.   38,000  1,427                                                     
HOME FURNISHINGS - 1.9%                                                         
Guitar Center, Inc.   27,700  602                                               
Industrie Natuzzi Spa ADR  92,600  1,991                                        
Knoll, Inc.   46,700  1,407                                                     
La-Z Boy Chair Co.   15,000  645                                                
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
DURABLES - CONTINUED                                                            
HOME FURNISHINGS - CONTINUED                                                    
Miller (Herman), Inc.   443,300 $ 22,497                                        
O'Sullivan Industries Holdings, Inc. (a)  119,200  1,520                        
28,662                                                                      
TEXTILES & APPAREL - 2.9%                                                       
Donna Karan International, Inc. (a)  292,600  3,456                             
Liz Claiborne, Inc.   105,900  5,321                                            
Oshkosh B'Gosh, Inc. Class A  51,600  1,677                                     
Oxford Industries, Inc.   13,900  488                                           
Timberland Co. Class A (a)  10,800  841                                         
Wolverine World Wide, Inc.   1,457,300  33,247                                  
45,030                                                                      
TOTAL DURABLES   85,609                                                         
ENERGY - 12.2%                                                                  
COAL - 0.0%                                                                     
Zeigler Coal Holding Co.   8,700  138                                           
ENERGY SERVICES - 11.6%                                                         
Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (a)  164,200  8,097                                       
CAL Dive International, Inc.   82,700  2,440                                    
Daniel Industries, Inc.   339,300  6,298                                        
Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.   64,452  3,215                                 
Dresser Industries, Inc.   30,900  1,155                                        
ENSCO International, Inc.   445,000  15,909                                     
Global Marine, Inc. (a)  1,773,400  46,660                                      
Grey Wolf, Inc. (a)  325,100  2,012                                             
Marine Drilling Companies, Inc. (a)  822,500  18,712                            
Nabors Industries, Inc. (a)  312,000  10,940                                    
Noble Drilling Corp. (a)  106,000  3,187                                        
Parker Drilling Co. (a)  195,200  2,574                                         
Patterson Energy, Inc. (a)  23,000  845                                         
Santa Fe International Corp.   70,000  2,936                                    
Smith International, Inc. (a)  688,900  44,090                                  
TMBR/Sharp Drilling, Inc. (a)  3,700  80                                        
UTI Energy Corp. (a)  16,500  462                                               
Varco International, Inc. (a)  48,200  2,467                                    
Western Atlas, Inc. (a)  75,300  5,238                                          
177,317                                                                     
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
ENERGY - CONTINUED                                                              
OIL & GAS - 0.6%                                                                
Cooper Cameron Corp. (a)  18,900 $ 1,152                                        
National-Oilwell, Inc. (a)  159,400  5,051                                      
Sun Co., Inc.   68,600  2,774                                                   
8,977                                                                       
TOTAL ENERGY   186,432                                                          
FINANCE - 10.5%                                                                 
BANKS - 3.8%                                                                    
Cape Cod Bank & Trust Co.   6,500  253                                          
Crestar Financial Corp.   35,500  1,824                                         
Cullen Frost Bankers, Inc.   63,300  3,363                                      
First Tennessee National Corp.   102,700  6,104                                 
GBC Bancorp California  24,900  1,360                                           
Imperial Bancorp (a)  73,600  3,436                                             
Independent Bank Corp.   12,600  208                                            
Marshall & Ilsley Corp.   137,400  7,299                                        
Northern Trust Corp.   79,100  4,924                                            
Pacific Century Financial Corp.   51,100  2,606                                 
Riggs National Corp.   399,700  9,718                                           
Silicon Valley Bancshares (a)  59,600  3,140                                    
SouthTrust Corp.   20,600  1,123                                                
Summit Bancorp  95,250  4,441                                                   
US Trust Corp.   24,100  1,422                                                  
Zions Bancorp  168,000  6,741                                                   
57,962                                                                      
CLOSED END INVESTMENT COMPANY - 0.1%                                            
Taiwan Fund, Inc.   48,800  934                                                 
Templeton Dragon Fund, Inc.   5,900  69                                         
1,003                                                                       
CREDIT & OTHER FINANCE - 0.3%                                                   
Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. Class C (non-vtg.) (a)  72,900              
4,830                                                                           
INSURANCE - 1.2%                                                                
Blanch E.W. Holdings, Inc.   33,900  1,172                                      
Conseco, Inc.   88,900  4,139                                                   
General Re Corp.   13,300  2,640                                                
HSB Group, Inc.   96,800  5,028                                                 
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
FINANCE - CONTINUED                                                             
INSURANCE - CONTINUED                                                           
Horace Mann Educators Corp.  36,600 $ 2,045                                     
Torchmark Corp.   85,500  3,489                                                 
18,513                                                                      
SAVINGS & LOANS - 0.0%                                                          
Golden State Bancorp (a)  11,500  383                                           
SECURITIES INDUSTRY - 5.1%                                                      
Advest Group, Inc. (The)  74,200  1,688                                         
Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.   4,800  120                                    
Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.   55,500  2,303                                    
Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc.  67,200  4,897                                
Edwards (A.G.), Inc.   324,700  10,999                                          
Everen Capital Corp.   7,000  279                                               
Franklin Resources, Inc.   69,300  6,228                                        
Hambrecht & Quist Group (a)  58,500  2,245                                      
Interra Financial, Inc.   67,800  3,742                                         
Interstate/Johnson Lane, Inc.   41,400  1,071                                   
Jefferies Group, Inc.   9,100  645                                              
Legg Mason, Inc.   38,000  1,838                                                
Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.   216,900  10,967                                
McDonald & Co. Investments, Inc.   111,300  2,998                               
Morgan Keegan, Inc.   146,400  2,937                                            
PaineWebber Group, Inc.   485,950  16,342                                       
Piper Jaffray Inc.   7,900  219                                                 
Provida SA sponsored ADR  14,500  248                                           
Rambus, Inc.  34,800  1,942                                                     
Schwab (Charles) Corp.   94,900  3,660                                          
Southwest Securities Group, Inc.   50,000  1,181                                
Stifel Financial Corp.   64,100  921                                            
77,470                                                                      
TOTAL FINANCE   160,161                                                         
HEALTH - 4.1%                                                                   
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS - 0.6%                                                  
Astra AB sponsored ADR, Series A  39,600  673                                   
Astra AB Class A Free shares  55,300  959                                       
Barr Laboratories, Inc. (a)  24,000  864                                        
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
HEALTH - CONTINUED                                                              
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS - CONTINUED                                             
Cytyc Corp. (a)  33,200 $ 718                                                   
Hauser Chemical Research, Inc. (a)  308,500  2,044                              
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  77,700  767                                
Warner-Lambert Co.   26,200  3,665                                              
9,690                                                                       
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES - 3.0%                                             
Arterial Vascular Engineering, Inc. (a)  5,500  304                             
Ballard Medical Products  77,200  1,780                                         
Bindley Western Industries, Inc.   55,500  1,707                                
Biomet, Inc.   97,600  2,330                                                    
Boston Scientific Corp. (a)  63,300  2,860                                      
Dentsply International, Inc.   192,400  5,219                                   
Depuy, Inc.   152,700  3,970                                                    
Dionex Corp. (a)  107,000  5,357                                                
Hillenbrand Industries, Inc.   35,900  1,600                                    
McKesson Corp.   60,600  6,780                                                  
Orthofix International (a)  22,300  301                                         
Perrigo Co. (a)  15,400  219                                                    
Sofamor/Danek Group, Inc. (a)  108,900  7,665                                   
Sybron International Corp. (a)  108,800  4,787                                  
44,879                                                                      
MEDICAL FACILITIES MANAGEMENT - 0.5%                                            
Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp.   54,000  1,593                                   
Express Scripts, Inc. Class A (a)  17,500  1,033                                
HEALTHSOUTH Corp. (a)  139,758  3,669                                           
Renal Treatment Centers, Inc. (a)  37,800  1,259                                
Sunrise Assisted Living, Inc. (a)  8,400  302                                   
Urologix, Inc. (a)  7,400  147                                                  
8,003                                                                       
TOTAL HEALTH   62,572                                                           
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 5.2%                                         
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT - 0.0%                                                     
Cyberoptics Corp. (a)  9,200  252                                               
Salient 3 Communications, Inc. Class A  9,800  129                              
Viasat, Inc.   1,900  29                                                        
410                                                                         
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - CONTINUED                                    
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 5.2%                                         
ASM Lithography Holding NV (a)  837,200 $ 52,324                                
Greenbrier Companies, Inc.   231,600  3,966                                     
Lindsay Manufacturing Co.   172,350  6,991                                      
Manitowoc Co., Inc.   272,700  9,084                                            
Mettler-Toledo International, Inc.   55,200  987                                
Stanley Works  90,500  3,988                                                    
Varlen Corp.   19,650  538                                                      
77,878                                                                      
POLLUTION CONTROL - 0.0%                                                        
USA Waste Services, Inc. (a)  18,072  598                                       
TOTAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT   78,886                                 
MEDIA & LEISURE - 3.5%                                                          
BROADCASTING - 0.9%                                                             
American Radio Systems Corp. Class A  14,600  726                               
Cablevision Systems Corp. Class A (a)  51,400  4,212                            
Clear Channel Communications, Inc. (a)  29,400  1,992                           
TCA Cable TV, Inc.   8,200  340                                                 
Time Warner, Inc.   19,400  1,130                                               
United Video Satellite Group A (a)  12,800  333                                 
Westwood One, Inc. (a)  192,200  5,646                                          
14,379                                                                      
ENTERTAINMENT - 0.4%                                                            
Premier Parks, Inc. (a)  3,700  144                                             
Viacom, Inc. Class B (non-vtg.) (a)  185,500  6,493                             
6,637                                                                       
LEISURE DURABLES & TOYS - 0.1%                                                  
Ag-Chem Equipment, Inc. (a)  40,600  660                                        
Mattel, Inc.   18,400  737                                                      
1,397                                                                       
LODGING & GAMING - 1.7%                                                         
International Game Technology Corp.   551,800  13,795                           
International Speedway Corp.:                                                   
Class A  31,700  678                                                          
Class B  135,300  2,841                                                     
Speedway Motorsports (a)  312,000  6,903                                        
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
MEDIA & LEISURE - CONTINUED                                                     
LODGING & GAMING - CONTINUED                                                    
Tabcorp Holdings Ltd.   136,501 $ 632                                           
Video Lottery Technologies, Inc. (a)  58,800  676                               
25,525                                                                      
PUBLISHING - 0.1%                                                               
Golden Books Family Entertainment, Inc. (a)  29,500  277                        
Mecklermedia Corp. (a)  2,400  53                                               
Scholastic Corp. (a)  37,000  1,412                                             
1,742                                                                       
RESTAURANTS - 0.3%                                                              
Bob Evans Farms, Inc.   16,400  328                                             
Famous Daves America, Inc. (a)  5,900  96                                       
Landry's Seafood Restaurants, Inc. (a)  13,300  374                             
NPC International, Inc. (a)  68,200  908                                        
Papa John's International, Inc. (a)  34,300  1,140                              
Piccadilly Cafeterias, Inc.   5,000  63                                         
Rainforest Cafe, Inc. (a)  41,100  1,480                                        
4,389                                                                       
TOTAL MEDIA & LEISURE   54,069                                                  
NONDURABLES - 1.8%                                                              
AGRICULTURE - 0.6%                                                              
DEKALB Genetics Corp. Class B  224,300  8,720                                   
BEVERAGES - 0.3%                                                                
Seagram Co. Ltd.   155,900  5,030                                               
Zaklady Piwowarskie W Zywcu SA  2,648  183                                      
5,213                                                                       
FOODS - 0.9%                                                                    
J & J Snack Foods Corp. (a)  11,000  183                                        
Sanderson Farms, Inc.   128,800  1,562                                          
Smithfield Foods, Inc. (a)  128,400  4,542                                      
Thorn Apple Valley, Inc. (a)  24,200  351                                       
Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.   93,975  6,038                                   
12,676                                                                      
TOBACCO - 0.0%                                                                  
Souza Cruz Industria Comerico  50,000  394                                      
TOTAL NONDURABLES   27,003                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
PRECIOUS METALS - 0.5%                                                          
Newmont Mining Corp.   247,800 $ 7,449                                          
RETAIL & WHOLESALE - 4.0%                                                       
APPAREL STORES - 0.1%                                                           
Claire's Stores, Inc.   56,700  1,283                                           
Norton McNaughton, Inc. (a)  12,800  77                                         
Shoe Carnival, Inc. (a)  43,400  391                                            
1,751                                                                       
DRUG STORES - 0.8%                                                              
Arbor Drugs, Inc.   39,400  1,069                                               
General Nutrition Companies, Inc. (a)  106,400  3,631                           
Genovese Drug Stores, Inc. Class A  52,290  954                                 
Rite Aid Corp.   84,000  5,523                                                  
Walgreen Co.   25,600  824                                                      
12,001                                                                      
GENERAL MERCHANDISE STORES - 1.6%                                               
Ames Department Stores (a)  70,100  1,192                                       
Federated Department Stores, Inc. (a)  27,500  1,253                            
MacFrugals Bargains Closeouts, Inc. (a)  28,400  1,218                          
Michaels Stores, Inc. (a)  78,600  2,545                                        
Nordstrom, Inc.   321,500  18,967                                               
25,175                                                                      
GROCERY STORES - 0.4%                                                           
Hannaford Brothers Co.   10,900  438                                            
Koninklijke Ahold NV sponsored ADR  23,200  615                                 
Ruddick Corp.   11,000  224                                                     
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (a)  90,200  4,138                                     
5,415                                                                       
RETAIL & WHOLESALE, MISCELLANEOUS - 1.1%                                        
Barnes & Noble, Inc. (a)  135,500  4,192                                        
Best Buy Co., Inc. (a)  269,400  7,846                                          
New West Eyeworks, Inc. (a)  44,900  337                                        
Viking Office Products, Inc. (a)  14,800  343                                   
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (a)  125,800  4,796                                       
17,514                                                                      
TOTAL RETAIL & WHOLESALE   61,856                                               
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
SERVICES - 2.6%                                                                 
ADVERTISING - 0.7%                                                              
CMG Information Services, Inc. (a)  356,400 $ 7,484                             
Lycos, Inc. (a)  124,275  3,798                                                 
11,282                                                                      
LEASING & RENTAL - 0.2%                                                         
McGrath RentCorp.   12,900  281                                                 
Ryder Systems, Inc.   92,600  3,363                                             
3,644                                                                       
SERVICES - 1.7%                                                                 
ABR Information Services, Inc. (a)  51,900  1,246                               
Block (H & R), Inc.   5,900  241                                                
Caribiner International, Inc. (a)  18,600  789                                  
Computer Horizons Corp. (a)  284,600  9,392                                     
Day Runner, Inc. (a)  5,000  194                                                
Devry, Inc. (a)  144,400  3,863                                                 
Hagler Bailly, Inc.   72,000  1,454                                             
Regent Assisted Living, Inc. (a)  3,000  15                                     
Sotheby's Holdings, Inc. Class A  455,200  7,767                                
24,961                                                                      
TOTAL SERVICES   39,887                                                         
TECHNOLOGY - 25.1%                                                              
COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT - 1.6%                                                 
ADC Telecommunications, Inc. (a)  70,000  2,603                                 
Andrew Corp.   333,200  8,830                                                   
Cisco Systems, Inc. (a)  56,700  4,890                                          
Pairgain Technologies, Inc. (a)  378,500  8,942                                 
25,265                                                                      
COMPUTER SERVICES & SOFTWARE - 11.2%                                            
Accelr8 Technology Corp. (a)  55,000  1,203                                     
Acxiom Corp. (a)  20,400  351                                                   
Borland International, Inc. (a)  86,800  879                                    
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (a)  305,800  7,721                                
Citrix Systems, Inc. (a)  135,000  9,669                                        
Computer Task Group, Inc.   388,400  12,235                                     
Compuware Corp. (a)  652,500  22,797                                            
Data Transmission Network Corp. (a)  113,900  3,075                             
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
COMPUTER SERVICES & SOFTWARE - CONTINUED                                        
Desktop Data, Inc. (a)  149,600 $ 1,192                                         
Fair, Isaac & Co., Inc.   52,600  2,255                                         
First Data Corp.   18,400  521                                                  
Gerber Scientific, Inc.   43,400  868                                           
Henry (Jack) & Associates, Inc.   71,049  1,794                                 
Industrial-Matematik International Corp. (a)  105,400  2,872                    
Keane, Inc. (a)  1,411,200  44,718                                              
MARC, Inc.   30,850  609                                                        
MacNeal-Schwendler Corp. (a)  5,500  56                                         
Metro Information Services, Inc.   6,500  167                                   
Microsoft Corp. (a)  14,600  2,066                                              
PRT Group, Inc.   6,200  83                                                     
Siebel Systems, Inc. (a)  56,700  2,360                                         
Structural Dynamics Research Corp. (a)  11  -                                   
Synopsys, Inc. (a)  117,800  4,845                                              
Transaction Systems Architects (a)  95,000  3,684                               
Tripos, Inc. (a)  45,000  698                                                   
Viasoft, Inc. (a)  862,000  31,679                                              
Yahoo, Inc. (a)  253,400  12,955                                                
171,352                                                                     
COMPUTERS & OFFICE EQUIPMENT - 5.1%                                             
Comdisco, Inc.   91,300  2,671                                                  
Diebold, Inc.   414,312  19,135                                                 
EMC Corp. (a)  463,000  14,035                                                  
Fore Systems, Inc. (a)  276,200  4,782                                          
General Binding Corp.   57,500  1,739                                           
Hutchinson Technology, Inc. (a)  735,600  17,471                                
Quantum Corp. (a)  524,700  13,970                                              
Unisys Corp. (a)  116,800  1,672                                                
Western Digital Corp. (a)  81,700  1,649                                        
77,124                                                                      
ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS - 2.6%                                                   
Anadigics, Inc. (a)  2,900  96                                                  
Cohu, Inc.   9,500  337                                                         
KLA-Tencor Corp. (a)  737,400  28,576                                           
Novellus Systems, Inc. (a)  193,200  7,269                                      
Smart Modular Technologies, Inc. (a)  26,700  1,655                             
Spectra Physics AB, Series A  39,800  1,012                                     
38,945                                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
ELECTRONICS - 4.6%                                                              
Alliance Semiconductor Corp. (a)  125,500 $ 792                                 
DII Group, Inc. (a)  20,600  461                                                
Etec Systems, Inc. (a)  120,100  5,495                                          
Linear Technology Corp.   198,400  12,772                                       
Marshall Industries (a)  71,000  2,450                                          
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (a)  42,900  2,965                              
Micron Technology, Inc. (a)  869,500  21,627                                    
Semtech Corp. (a)  43,000  2,086                                                
Solectron Corp. (a)  23,000  838                                                
Speedfam International, Inc. (a)  114,100  2,924                                
Supertex, Inc. (a)  173,400  2,168                                              
Triquint Semiconductor, Inc. (a)  50,100  1,002                                 
Vitesse Semiconductor Corp. (a)  319,750  14,309                                
69,889                                                                      
TOTAL TECHNOLOGY   382,575                                                      
TRANSPORTATION - 3.6%                                                           
AIR TRANSPORTATION - 1.4%                                                       
Mesaba Holdings, Inc. (a)  6,700  147                                           
US Airways Group, Inc. (a)  394,300  21,735                                     
21,882                                                                      
RAILROADS - 0.9%                                                                
Kansas City Southern Industries, Inc.   68,200  2,106                           
Trinity Industries, Inc.   250,000  11,343                                      
13,449                                                                      
TRUCKING & FREIGHT - 1.3%                                                       
Air Express International Corp.   23,800  683                                   
Airborne Freight Corp.   47,800  3,044                                          
CNF Transportation, Inc.   146,300  6,365                                       
Caliber System, Inc.   106,900  5,712                                           
Federal Express Corp. (a)  40,500  2,716                                        
USFreightways Corp.   15,600  480                                               
Werner Enterprises, Inc.   11,100  237                                          
19,237                                                                      
TOTAL TRANSPORTATION   54,568                                                   
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
UTILITIES - 1.5%                                                                
CELLULAR - 0.2%                                                                 
Nextel Communications, Inc. Class A (a)  162,300 $ 4,098                        
ELECTRIC UTILITY - 0.8%                                                         
Black Hills Corp.   113,900  3,624                                              
Eastern Utilities Associates  90,000  2,160                                     
Montana Power Co.   18,500  506                                                 
Niagara Mohawk Power Corp. (a)  451,800  4,320                                  
Wisconsin Energy Corp.   66,800  1,804                                          
12,414                                                                      
TELEPHONE SERVICES - 0.5%                                                       
Nippon Telegraph & Telephone sponsored ADR  53,500  2,224                       
Qwest Communications International, Inc.   38,500  2,103                        
Telecom Argentina Class B sponsored ADR  94,600  2,903                          
7,230                                                                       
TOTAL UTILITIES   23,742                                                        
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS                                                             
(Cost $1,126,582)   1,402,515                                                   
NONCONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKS - 0.5%                                          
MEDIA & LEISURE - 0.1%                                                          
LODGING & GAMING - 0.1%                                                         
Sydney Harbour Casino Holdings Ltd. (a)  1,459,400  1,484                       
UTILITIES - 0.4%                                                                
TELEPHONE SERVICES - 0.4%                                                       
Telecom Italia Mobile Spa de Risp  3,002,800  6,558                             
TOTAL NONCONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKS                                           
(Cost $6,234)   8,042                                                           
CASH EQUIVALENTS - 7.6%                                                         
Taxable Central Cash Fund (b)                                                   
(Cost $115,542)  115,541,826  115,542                                           
TOTAL INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES - 100%                                           
(Cost $1,248,358)  $ 1,526,099                                                  
LEGEND                                                                          
1. Non-income producing                                                         
2. At period end, the seven-day yield on the Taxable Central Cash Fund          
was 5.69%. The yield refers to the income earned by investing in the            
fund over the seven-day period, expressed as an annual percentage.              
INCOME TAX INFORMATION                                                          
At November 30, 1997, the aggregate cost of investment securities for           
income tax purposes was $1,250,864,000. Net unrealized appreciation             
aggregated $275,235,000, of which $338,649,000 related to appreciated           
investment securities and $63,414,000 related to depreciated                    
investment securities.                                                          
The fund hereby designates approximately $42,159,000 as a capital gain          
dividend for the purpose of the dividend paid deduction.                        
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                            
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS (EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNTS) NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
ASSETS                                                                                     
INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES, AT VALUE (COST $1,248,358) -                          $ 1,526,099
SEE ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULE                                                                  
RECEIVABLE FOR INVESTMENTS SOLD                                                  28,491    
RECEIVABLE FOR FUND SHARES SOLD                                                  989       
DIVIDENDS RECEIVABLE                                                             859       
INTEREST RECEIVABLE                                                              514       
OTHER RECEIVABLES                                                                26        
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                    1,556,978 
LIABILITIES                                                                                
PAYABLE FOR INVESTMENTS PURCHASED                                    $ 23,705              
PAYABLE FOR FUND SHARES REDEEMED                                      2,379                
ACCRUED MANAGEMENT FEE                                                909                  
OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES                                   299                  
 TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                               27,292    
NET ASSETS                                                                      $ 1,529,686

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF:                                                                     
PAID IN CAPITAL                                                                 $ 1,032,498

ACCUMULATED UNDISTRIBUTED NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON                            219,448   
INVESTMENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS                                              
NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON INVESTMENTS                        277,740   
AND ASSETS AND LIABILITIES IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES                                           
NET ASSETS, FOR 62,496 SHARES OUTSTANDING                                       $ 1,529,686

NET ASSET VALUE AND REDEMPTION PRICE PER SHARE                                   $24.48    
($1,529,686 (DIVIDED BY) 62,496 SHARES)                                                    
MAXIMUM OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE (100/97.00 OF $24.48)                           $25.24    
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS                                                                    
AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS  YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
INVESTMENT INCOME                                                     $ 7,496              
DIVIDENDS                                                                                  
INTEREST                                                               4,117               
 TOTAL INCOME                                                          11,613              
EXPENSES                                                                                   
MANAGEMENT FEE                                             $ 9,308                         
BASIC FEE                                                                                  
 PERFORMANCE ADJUSTMENT                                     1,280                          
TRANSFER AGENT FEES                                         2,731                          
ACCOUNTING FEES AND EXPENSES                                584                            
NON-INTERESTED TRUSTEES' COMPENSATION                       7                              
CUSTODIAN FEES AND EXPENSES                                 80                             
REGISTRATION FEES                                           114                            
AUDIT                                                       41                             
LEGAL                                                       11                             
MISCELLANEOUS                                               7                              
 TOTAL EXPENSES BEFORE REDUCTIONS                           14,163                         
 EXPENSE REDUCTIONS                                         (656)      13,507              
NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)                                           (1,894)             
REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                        
NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON:                                                               
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES                                      223,009                        
 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS                              (8)        223,001             
CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON                28,072              
INVESTMENT SECURITIES                                                                      
NET GAIN (LOSS)                                                        251,073             
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING                       $ 249,179            
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                            
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                                         

                                                                [Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS                                   YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED  
                                                       NOVEMBER 30,  NOVEMBER 30,
                                                       1997          1996        

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS                                                
OPERATIONS                                             $ (1,894)     $ (1,637)   
NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)                                                     
 NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                               223,001       50,136     
 CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION)   28,072        149,757    
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING        249,179       198,256    
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                  
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM NET REALIZED GAINS   (33,239)      (45,174)   
SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                      730,532       1,631,213  
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF SHARES                                                
 REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                          32,549        44,305     
 COST OF SHARES REDEEMED                                (715,879)     (1,105,709)

 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING        47,202        569,809    
FROM SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                                          
  TOTAL INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS               263,142       722,891    
NET ASSETS                                                                       
 BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                    1,266,544     543,653    
 END OF PERIOD                                         $ 1,529,686   $ 1,266,544 
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                
SHARES                                                                           
 SOLD                                                   31,323        89,123     
 ISSUED IN REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                1,637         2,688      
 REDEEMED                                               (31,384)      (60,913)   
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                                1,576         30,898     

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                          
                                1997                      1996      1995       1994      1993 F   
SELECTED PER-SHARE DATA                                                                           
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING      $ 20.79                   $ 18.11   $ 12.30    $ 11.97   $ 10.00  
OF PERIOD                                                                                         
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT                                                                            
OPERATIONS                                                                                        
 NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)    (.03) D                   (.03) D   (.02) D,   (.01) D   (.01)   
                                                                     E                            
 NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED     4.27                      4.15      6.12       .64       1.98    
 GAIN (LOSS)                                                                                      
 TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT           4.24                      4.12      6.10       .63       1.97    
 OPERATIONS                                                                                       
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                                
 FROM NET REALIZED GAIN          (.55)                     (1.44)    (.29)      (.30)     -       
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD  $ 24.48                   $ 20.79   $ 18.11    $ 12.30   $ 11.97  
TOTAL RETURN B, C                21.01%                    24.88%    50.92%     5.33%     19.70%  
RATIOS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                      
NET ASSETS, END OF PERIOD       $ 1,530                   $ 1,267   $ 544      $ 312     $ 254    
(IN MILLIONS)                                                                                     
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO AVERAGE     .99%                      1.07%     1.20%      1.32%     1.34% A 
NET ASSETS                                                                                        
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO AVERAGE     .94%                      1.03% G   1.18%      1.29%     1.32% A,
NET ASSETS AFTER EXPENSE        G                                   G          G         G        
REDUCTIONS                                                                                        
RATIO OF NET INVESTMENT INCOME   (.13)%                    (.17)%    (.15)%     (.05)%    (.10)% A
(LOSS) TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS                                                                      
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER RATE          142%                      158%      176%       199%      204% A  
AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE H       $ .0396                   $ .0368                                 

A ANNUALIZED                                                                    
B THE TOTAL RETURNS WOULD HAVE BEEN LOWER HAD CERTAIN EXPENSES NOT              
BEEN REDUCED DURING THE PERIODS SHOWN (SEE NOTE 5 OF NOTES TO                   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                                          
C TOTAL RETURNS DO NOT INCLUDE THE ONE TIME SALES CHARGE AND FOR                
PERIODS OF LESS THAN ONE YEAR ARE NOT ANNUALIZED.                               
D NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE HAS BEEN CALCULATED BASED ON           
AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING DURING THE PERIOD.                                   
E INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE REFLECTS A SPECIAL DIVIDEND WHICH          
AMOUNTED TO $0.01 PER SHARE.                                                    
F FOR THE PERIOD DECEMBER 28, 1992 (COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS) TO              
NOVEMBER 30, 1993.                                                              
G FMR OR THE FUND HAS ENTERED INTO VARYING ARRANGEMENTS WITH THIRD              
PARTIES WHO EITHER PAID OR REDUCED A PORTION OF THE FUND'S EXPENSES             
(SEE NOTE 5 OF NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                  
H FOR FISCAL YEARS BEGINNING ON OR AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 1995, A FUND IS           
REQUIRED TO DISCLOSE ITS AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE PER SHARE FOR                  
SECURITY TRADES ON WHICH COMMISSIONS ARE CHARGED. THIS AMOUNT MAY VARY          
FROM PERIOD TO PERIOD AND FUND TO FUND DEPENDING ON THE MIX OF TRADES           
EXECUTED IN VARIOUS MARKETS WHERE TRADING PRACTICES AND COMMISSION              
RATE STRUCTURES MAY DIFFER.                                                     
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   
For the period ended November 30, 1997
1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.                                             
Fidelity New Millennium Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt.               
Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an                   
unlimited number of shares. Effective the close of business on May 15,
1996, the fund was closed to new accounts. The trust is registered              
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act),            
as an open-end management investment company organized as a                     
Massachusetts business trust. The financial statements have been                
prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles            
which permit management to make certain estimates and assumptions at            
the date of the financial statements. The following summarizes the              
significant accounting policies of the fund:                                    
SECURITY VALUATION. Securities for which exchange quotations are                
readily available are valued at the last sale price, or if no sale              
price, at the closing bid price. Securities for which exchange                  
quotations are not readily available (and in certain cases debt                 
securities which trade on an exchange) are valued primarily using               
dealer-supplied valuations or at their fair value as determined in              
good faith under consistently applied procedures under the general              
supervision of the Board of Trustees. Short-term securities with                
remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which quotations are             
not readily available are valued at amortized cost or original cost             
plus accrued interest, both of which approximate current value.                 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION. The accounting records of the fund are            
maintained in U.S. dollars. Investment securities and other assets and          
liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S.          
dollars at the prevailing rates of exchange at period end. Income               
receipts and expense payments are translated into U.S. dollars at the           
prevailing exchange rate on the respective dates of the transactions.           
Purchases and sales of securities are translated into U.S. dollars at           
the contractual currency exchange rates established at the time of              
each trade.                                                                     
Net realized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions                  
represent net gains and losses from sales and maturities of foreign             
currency contracts, disposition of foreign currencies, and the                  
difference between the amount of net investment income accrued and the          
U.S. dollar amount actually received. The effects of changes in                 
foreign currency exchange rates on investments in securities are                
included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss on                   
investment securities.                                                          
INCOME TAXES. As a qualified regulated investment company under                 
Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, the fund is not subject to           
income taxes to the extent that it distributes substantially all of             
its taxable income for its fiscal year. The schedule of investments             
includes information regarding income taxes under the caption "Income           
Tax Information."                                                               
INVESTMENT INCOME. Dividend income is recorded on the ex-dividend               
date, except certain dividends from foreign                                     
1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                  
INVESTMENT INCOME - CONTINUED                                                   
securities where the ex-dividend date may have passed, are recorded as          
soon as the fund is informed of the ex-dividend date. Non-cash                  
dividends included in dividend income, if any, are recorded at the              
fair market value of the securities received. Interest income is                
accrued as earned. Investment income is recorded net of foreign taxes           
withheld where recovery of such taxes is uncertain.                             
EXPENSES. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a            
fund. Expenses which cannot be directly attributed are apportioned              
between the funds in the trust.                                                 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS. Distributions are recorded on the                
ex-dividend date.                                                               
Income and capital gain distributions are determined in accordance              
with income tax regulations which may differ from generally accepted            
accounting principles. These differences, which may result in                   
distribution reclassifications, are primarily due to differing                  
treatments for foreign currency transactions, net operating losses,             
non-taxable dividends and losses deferred due to wash sales. The fund           
also utilized earnings and profits distributed to shareholders on               
redemption of shares as a part of the dividends paid deduction for              
income tax purposes.                                                            
Permanent book and tax basis differences relating to shareholder                
distributions will result in reclassifications to paid in capital.              
Accumulated undistributed net realized gain (loss) on investments and           
foreign currency transactions may include temporary book and tax basis          
differences which will reverse in a subsequent period. Any taxable              
income or gain remaining at fiscal year end is distributed in the               
following year.                                                                 
SECURITY TRANSACTIONS. Security transactions are accounted for as of            
trade date. Gains and losses on securities sold are determined on the           
basis of identified cost.                                                       
2. OPERATING POLICIES.                                                          
FOREIGN CURRENCY CONTRACTS. The fund generally uses foreign currency            
contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign-denominated                     
securities. Losses may arise from changes in the value of the foreign           
currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts'           
terms. The U.S. dollar value of foreign currency contracts is                   
determined using contractual currency exchange rates established at             
the time of each trade. The cost of the foreign currency contracts is           
included in the cost basis of the associated investment.                        
JOINT TRADING ACCOUNT. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the             
Securities and Exchange Commission(the SEC), the fund, along with               
other affiliated entities of Fidelity Management & Research Company             
(FMR), may transfer uninvested cash balances into one or more joint             
trading accounts. These balances are invested in one or more                    
repurchase agreements for U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency obligations.          
2. OPERATING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                               
REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. The underlying U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency           
securities are transferred to an account of the fund, or to the Joint           
Trading Account, at a bank custodian. The securities are                        
marked-to-market daily and maintained at a value at least equal to the          
principal amount of the repurchase agreement (including accrued                 
interest). FMR, the fund's investment adviser, is responsible for               
determining that the value of the underlying securities remains in              
accordance with the market value requirements stated above.                     
TAXABLE CENTRAL CASH FUND. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by             
the SEC, the fund may invest in the Taxable Central Cash Fund (the              
Cash Fund) managed by FMR Texas, Inc., an affiliate of FMR. The Cash            
Fund is an open-end money market fund available only to investment              
companies and other accounts managed by FMR and its affiliates. The             
Cash Fund seeks preservation of capital, liquidity, and current income          
by investing in U.S. Treasury securities and repurchase agreements for          
these securities. Income distributions from the Cash Fund are declared          
daily and paid monthly from net interest income. Income distributions           
received by the fund are recorded as interest income in the                     
accompanying financial statements.                                              
3. PURCHASES AND SALES OF INVESTMENTS.                                          
Purchases and sales of securities, other than short-term securities,            
aggregated $1,908,797,000 and $1,949,144,000, respectively.                     
4. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.                                 
MANAGEMENT FEE. As the fund's investment adviser, FMR receives a                
monthly basic fee that is calculated on the basis of a group fee rate           
plus a fixed individual fund fee rate applied to the average net                
assets of the fund. The group fee rate is the weighted average of a             
series of rates and is based on the monthly average net assets of all           
the mutual funds advised by FMR. The rates ranged from .2500% to                
.5200% for the period. The annual individual fund fee rate is .35%. In        
the event that these rates were lower than the contractual rates in             
effect during the period, FMR voluntarily implemented the above rates,          
as they resulted in the same or a lower management fee. The basic fee           
is subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of                      
(plus/minus).20% of the fund's average net assets over the performance          
period) based on the fund's investment performance as compared to the           
appropriate index over a specified period of time. For the period, the          
management fee was equivalent to an annual rate of .74% of average net          
assets after the performance adjustment.                                        
4. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES - CONTINUED                      
SALES LOAD. For the period, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC),            
an affiliate of FMR and the general distributor of the fund, received           
sales charges of $1,585,000 on sales of shares of the fund.                     
TRANSFER AGENT FEES. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an                   
affiliate of FMR, is the fund's transfer, dividend disbursing and               
shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset-based          
fees that vary according to account size and type of account. FSC pays          
for typesetting, printing and mailing of all shareholder reports,               
except proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were           
equivalent to an annual rate of .19% of average net assets.                     
ACCOUNTING FEES. FSC maintains the fund's accounting records. The fee           
is based on the level of average net assets for the month plus                  
out-of-pocket expenses.                                                         
BROKERAGE COMMISSIONS. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio               
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of FMR. The              
commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $214,000 for the                
period.                                                                         
5. EXPENSE REDUCTIONS.                                                          
FMR has directed certain portfolio trades to brokers who paid a                 
portion of the fund's expenses. For the period, the fund's expenses             
were reduced by $635,000 under this arrangement.                                
In addition, the fund has entered into arrangements with its custodian          
and transfer agent whereby interest earned on uninvested cash balances          
was used to offset a portion of the fund's expenses. During the                 
period, the fund's custodian and transfer agent fees were reduced by            
$10,000 and $11,000, respectively, under these arrangements.                    
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS                                               

To the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and the                     
Shareholders of Fidelity New Millennium Fund:                                   
We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities            
of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity New Millennium Fund,              
including the schedule of portfolio investments, as of November 30,
1997, and the related statement of operations for the year then ended,          
the statement of changes in net assets for each of the two years in             
the period then ended and the financial highlights for each of the              
periods indicated therein. These financial statements and financial             
highlights are the responsibility of the fund's management. Our                 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements           
and financial highlights based on our audits.                                   
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing          
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit           
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements           
and financial highlights are free of material misstatement. An audit            
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts            
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included            
confirmation of securities owned as of November 30, 1997, by                    
correspondence with the custodian and brokers. An audit also includes           
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates              
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial                 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a                    
reasonable basis for our opinion.                                               
In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights               
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the                 
financial position of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity New            
Millennium Fund, as of November 30, 1997, the results of its                    
operations for the year then ended, the changes in its net assets for           
each of the two years in the period then ended, and the financial               
highlights for each of the periods indicated therein, in conformity             
with generally accepted accounting principles.                                  
/s/COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. 
Boston, Massachusetts                                                           
January 8, 1998
DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                   

The Board of Trustees of Fidelity New Millennium Fund voted to pay to           
shareholders of record at the opening of business on record date, the           
following distributions derived from capital gains realized from sales          
of portfolio securities:                                                        
PAY DATE RECORD DATE CAPITAL GAINS                                            
12/29/97 12/26/97 $2.85                                                       
1/5/98 1/2/98 $.07                                                            
A total of 100% of the dividends distributed during the fiscal year             
qualifies for the dividends-received deduction for corporate                    
shareholders.                                                                   
The fund will notify shareholders in January 1998 of the applicable             
percentage for use in preparing 1997 income tax returns.                        
MANAGING YOUR INVESTMENTS                                                       

Fidelity offers several ways to conveniently manage your personal               
investments via your telephone or PC. You can access your account               
information, conduct trades and research your investments 24 hours a            
day.                                                                            
BY PHONE                                                                        
Fidelity TouchTone Xpressprovides a single toll-free number to access           
account balances, positions, quotes and trading. It's easy to navigate          
the service, and on your first call, the system will help you create a          
personal identification number (PIN) for security.                              
SM                                                                              
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)TOUCHTONE XPRESS                                                 
1-800-544-5555                                                                  
PRESS                                                                           
For mutual fund and brokerage trading.                                        

For quotes.*                                                                  

For account balances and holdings.                                            

To review orders and mutual                                                   
fund activity.                                                                  

To change your PIN.                                                           

To speak to a Fidelity representative.                                      
0                                                                               
*                                                                               
BY PC                                                                           
Fidelity's Web site on the Internet provides a wide range of                    
information, including daily financial news, fund performance,                  
interactive planning tools and news about Fidelity products and                 
services.                                                                       
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)FIDELITY'S WEB SITE 
WWW.FIDELITY.COM 
If you are not currently on the Internet, call Fidelity at                      
1-800-544-7272 for significant savings on Web access from internetMCI.          
SM                                                                              
(PHONE_GRAPHIC)                                                                 
FIDELITY ON-LINE XPRESS+                                                        
TM                                                                              
Fidelity On-line Xpress+ software for Windows combines comprehensive            
portfolio management capabilities, securities trading and access to             
research and analysis tools . . . all on your desktop. Call Fidelity            
at 1-800-544-7272 or visit our Web site for more information on how to          
manage your investments via your PC.                                            
* WHEN YOU CALL THE QUOTES LINE, PLEASE REMEMBER THAT A FUND'S YIELD            
AND RETURN WILL VARY AND,                                                       
EXCEPT FOR MONEY MARKET FUNDS, SHARE PRICE WILL ALSO VARY. THIS MEANS           
THAT YOU MAY HAVE A GAIN                                                        
OR LOSS WHEN YOU SELL YOUR SHARES. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT MONEY             
MARKET FUNDS WILL BE ABLE TO                                                    
MAINTAIN A STABLE $1 SHARE PRICE; AN INVESTMENT IN A MONEY MARKET FUND          
IS NOT INSURED OR                                                               
GUARANTEED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT. TOTAL RETURNS ARE HISTORICAL AND             
INCLUDE CHANGES IN SHARE PRICE,                                                 
REINVESTMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND CAPITAL GAINS, AND THE EFFECTS OF ANY             
SALES CHARGES.                                                                  
TO WRITE FIDELITY                                                               

If more than one address is listed, please locate the address that is           
closest to you. We'll give your correspondence immediate attention and          
send you written confirmation upon completion of your request.                  
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)MAKING CHANGES                                                  
TO YOUR ACCOUNT                                                                 
(such as changing name, address, bank, etc.)                                    
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0002
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)FOR NON-RETIREMENT                                              
ACCOUNTS                                                                        
BUYING SHARES                                                                   
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
2300 Litton Lane - KH1A                                                         
Hebron, KY 41048
SELLING SHARES                                                                  
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 660602                                                                 
Dallas, TX 75266-0602
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
Attn: Redemptions - CP6I                                                        
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX 75309-5517                                                           
GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE                                                          
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 500                                                                    
Merrimack, NH 03054-0500
(LETTER_GRAPHIC)FOR RETIREMENT                                                  
ACCOUNTS                                                                        
BUYING SHARES                                                                   
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 770001                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0003
SELLING SHARES                                                                  
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 660602                                                                 
Dallas, TX 75266-0602
OVERNIGHT EXPRESS                                                               
Fidelity Investments                                                            
Attn: Redemptions - CP6R                                                        
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX 75309-5517                                                           
GENERAL CORRESPONDENCE                                                          
Fidelity Investments                                                            
P.O. Box 500                                                                    
Merrimack, NH 03054-0500
TO VISIT FIDELITY                                                               

For directions and hours,                                                       
please call 1-800-544-9797.                                                     
ARIZONA                                                                         
7373 N. Scottsdale Road                                                         
Scottsdale, AZ                                                                  
CALIFORNIA                                                                      
815 East Birch Street                                                           
Brea, CA                                                                        
851 East Hamilton Avenue                                                        
Campbell, CA                                                                    
527 North Brand Boulevard                                                       
Glendale, CA                                                                    
19100 Von Karman Avenue                                                         
Irvine, CA                                                                      
10100 Santa Monica Blvd.                                                        
Los Angeles, CA                                                                 
251 University Avenue                                                           
Palo Alto, CA                                                                   
1760 Challenge Way                                                              
Sacramento, CA                                                                  
7676 Hazard Center Drive                                                        
San Diego, CA                                                                   
455 Market Street                                                               
San Francisco, CA                                                               
950 Northgate Drive                                                             
San Rafael, CA                                                                  
1400 Civic Drive                                                                
Walnut Creek, CA                                                                
6300 Canoga Avenue                                                              
Woodland Hills, CA                                                              
COLORADO                                                                        
1625 Broadway                                                                   
Denver, CO                                                                      
CONNECTICUT                                                                     
48 West Putnam Avenue                                                           
Greenwich, CT                                                                   
265 Church Street                                                               
New Haven, CT                                                                   
300 Atlantic Street                                                             
Stamford, CT                                                                    
29 South Main Street                                                            
West Hartford, CT                                                               
DELAWARE                                                                        
222 Delaware Avenue                                                             
Wilmington, DE                                                                  
FLORIDA                                                                         
4400 N. Federal Highway                                                         
Boca Raton, FL                                                                  
90 Alhambra Plaza                                                               
Coral Gables, FL                                                                
4090 N. Ocean Boulevard                                                         
Ft. Lauderdale, FL                                                              
1907 West State Road 434                                                        
Longwood, FL                                                                    
4001 Tamiami Trail, North                                                       
Naples, FL                                                                      
2401 PGA Boulevard                                                              
Palm Beach Gardens, FL                                                          
8065 Beneva Road                                                                
Sarasota, FL                                                                    
1502 N. Westshore Blvd.                                                         
Tampa, FL                                                                       
GEORGIA                                                                         
3445 Peachtree Road, N.E.                                                       
Atlanta, GA                                                                     
1000 Abernathy Road                                                             
Atlanta, GA                                                                     
HAWAII                                                                          
700 Bishop Street                                                               
Honolulu, HI                                                                    
ILLINOIS                                                                        
One North Franklin Street                                                       
Chicago, IL                                                                     
1415 West 22nd Street                                                           
Oak Brook, IL                                                                   
1700 East Golf Road                                                             
Schaumburg, IL                                                                  
3232 Lake Avenue                                                                
Wilmette, IL                                                                    
INDIANA                                                                         
4729 East 82nd Street                                                           
Indianapolis, IN                                                                
LOUISIANA                                                                       
201 St. Charles Avenue                                                          
New Orleans, LA                                                                 
MAINE                                                                           
3 Canal Plaza                                                                   
Portland, ME                                                                    
MARYLAND                                                                        
7401 Wisconsin Avenue                                                           
Bethesda, MD                                                                    
1 West Pennsylvania Ave.                                                        
Towson, MD                                                                      
MASSACHUSETTS                                                                   
470 Boylston Street                                                             
Boston, MA                                                                      
155 Congress Street                                                             
Boston, MA                                                                      
25 State Street                                                                 
Boston, MA                                                                      
300 Granite Street                                                              
Braintree, MA                                                                   
44 Mall Road                                                                    
Burlington, MA                                                                  
416 Belmont Street                                                              
Worcester, MA                                                                   
MICHIGAN                                                                        
280 North Woodward Ave.                                                         
Birmingham, MI                                                                  
29155 Northwestern Hwy.                                                         
Southfield, MI                                                                  
MINNESOTA                                                                       
7600 France Avenue South                                                        
Edina, MN                                                                       
MISSOURI                                                                        
700 West 47th Street                                                            
Kansas City, MO                                                                 
8885 Ladue Road                                                                 
Ladue, MO                                                                       
200 North Broadway                                                              
St. Louis, MO                                                                   
NEW JERSEY                                                                      
150 Essex Street                                                                
Millburn, NJ                                                                    
56 South Street                                                                 
Morristown, NJ                                                                  
501 Route 17, South                                                             
Paramus, NJ                                                                     
NEW YORK                                                                        
1055 Franklin Avenue                                                            
Garden City, NY                                                                 
999 Walt Whitman Road                                                           
Melville, L.I., NY                                                              
1271 Avenue of the Americas                                                     
New York, NY                                                                    
71 Broadway                                                                     
New York, NY                                                                    
350 Park Avenue                                                                 
New York, NY                                                                    
NORTH CAROLINA                                                                  
4611 Sharon Road                                                                
Charlotte, NC                                                                   
2200 West Main Street                                                           
Durham, NC                                                                      
OHIO                                                                            
600 Vine Street                                                                 
Cincinnati, OH                                                                  
28699 Chagrin Boulevard                                                         
Woodmere Village, OH                                                            
OREGON                                                                          
16850 SW 72 Avenue                                                              
Tigard, OR                                                                      
PENNSYLVANIA                                                                    
1735 Market Street                                                              
Philadelphia, PA                                                                
439 Fifth Avenue                                                                
Pittsburgh, PA                                                                  
TENNESSEE                                                                       
6150 Poplar Road                                                                
Memphis, TN                                                                     
TEXAS                                                                           
10000 Research Boulevard                                                        
Austin, TX                                                                      
4017 Northwest Parkway                                                          
Dallas, TX                                                                      
1155 Dairy Ashford Street                                                       
Houston, TX                                                                     
2701 Drexel Drive                                                               
Houston, TX                                                                     
400 East Las Colinas Blvd.                                                      
Irving, TX                                                                      
14100 San Pedro                                                                 
San Antonio, TX                                                                 
19740 IH 45 North                                                               
Spring, TX                                                                      
UTAH                                                                            
215 South State Street                                                          
Salt Lake City, UT                                                              
VERMONT                                                                         
199 Main Street                                                                 
Burlington, VT                                                                  
VIRGINIA                                                                        
8180 Greensboro Drive                                                           
McLean, VA                                                                      
WASHINGTON                                                                      
411 108th Avenue, N.E.                                                          
Bellevue, WA                                                                    
511 Pine Street                                                                 
Seattle, WA                                                                     
WASHINGTON, DC                                                                  
1900 K Street, N.W.                                                             
Washington, DC                                                                  
WISCONSIN                                                                       
595 North Barker Road                                                           
Brookfield, WI                                                                  

INVESTMENT ADVISER                                                              
Fidelity Management & Research Company                                          
Boston, MA                                                                      
INVESTMENT SUB-ADVISERS                                                         
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(U.K.) Inc., London, England                                                    
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(Far East) Inc., Tokyo, Japan                                                   
OFFICERS                                                                        
Edward C. Johnson 3d, President                                                 
Robert C. Pozen, Senior Vice President                                          
Abigail P. Johnson, Vice President                                              
Neal Miller, Vice President                                                     
Eric D. Roiter, Secretary                                                       
Richard A. Silver, Treasurer                                                    
John H. Costello, Assistant Treasurer                                           
Leonard M. Rush, Assistant Treasurer                                            
BOARD OF TRUSTEES                                                               
Ralph F. Cox *                                                                  
Phyllis Burke Davis *                                                           
Robert M. Gates *                                                               
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
E. Bradley Jones *                                                              
Donald J. Kirk *                                                                
Peter S. Lynch                                                                  
Marvin L. Mann *                                                                
William O. McCoy *                                                              
Gerald C. McDonough *                                                           
Robert C. Pozen                                                                 
Thomas R. Williams *                                                            
ADVISORY BOARD                                                                  
J. Gary Burkhead                                                                
GENERAL DISTRIBUTOR                                                             
Fidelity Distributors Corporation                                               
Boston, MA                                                                      
TRANSFER AND SHAREHOLDER                                                        
SERVICING AGENT                                                                 
Fidelity Service Company, Inc.                                                  
Boston, MA                                                                      
* INDEPENDENT TRUSTEES                                                          
CUSTODIAN                                                                       
The Chase Manhattan Bank                                                        
New York, NY                                                                    
FIDELITY'S GROWTH FUNDS                                                         
Blue Chip Growth Fund                                                           
Capital Appreciation Fund                                                       
Contrafund                                                                      
Disciplined Equity Fund                                                         
Dividend Growth Fund                                                            
Emerging Growth Fund                                                            
Export and Multinational Fund                                                   
Fidelity Fifty                                                                  
Growth Company Fund                                                             
Large Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Low-Priced Stock Fund                                                           
Magellan(registered trademark) Fund                                             
Mid-Cap Stock Fund                                                              
New Millennium(registered trademark) Fund                                       
OTC Portfolio                                                                   
Retirement Growth Fund                                                          
Small Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Stock Selector                                                                  
TechnoQuant  Growth Fund                                                        
SM                                                                              
Trend Fund                                                                      
Value Fund                                                                      
THE FIDELITY TELEPHONE CONNECTION                                               
MUTUAL FUND 24-HOUR SERVICE                                                     
Exchanges/Redemptions  1-800-544-7777                                           
Account Assistance 1-800-544-6666                                               
Product Information 1-800-544-8888                                              
Retirement Accounts 1-800-544-4774                                              
(8 a.m. - 9 p.m.)                                                             
TDD Service 1-800-544-0118                                                      
for the deaf and hearing impaired                                             
(9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern time)                                                
(registered trademark)                                                          
TouchTone Xpress  1-800-544-5555                                                
SM                                                                              
AUTOMATED LINE FOR QUICKEST SERVICE                                           
(2_FIDELITY_LOGOS)FIDELITY                                                      
EMERGING GROWTH                                                                 
FUND                                                                            
ANNUAL REPORT                                                                   
NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
CONTENTS                                                                        
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE      3    NED JOHNSON ON INVESTING STRATEGIES.              
PERFORMANCE              4    HOW THE FUND HAS DONE OVER TIME.                  
FUND TALK                6    THE MANAGER'S REVIEW OF FUND                      
              PERFORMANCE, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK.
INVESTMENT CHANGES       9    A SUMMARY OF MAJOR SHIFTS IN THE FUND'S           
                 INVESTMENTS OVER THE PAST SIX MONTHS.
INVESTMENTS              10   A COMPLETE LIST OF THE FUND'S INVESTMENTS         
     WITH THEIR MARKET VALUES.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     21   STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES,             
                  OPERATIONS, AND CHANGES IN NET ASSETS,
            AS WELL AS FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS.
NOTES                    25   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.                
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT    30   THE AUDITORS' OPINION.                            
ACCOUNTANTS                                                                     
DISTRIBUTIONS            31                                                     
THIS REPORT AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE                   
SUBMITTED FOR THE GENERAL INFORMATION                                           
OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE FUND. THIS REPORT IS NOT AUTHORIZED FOR              
DISTRIBUTION TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS                                           
IN THE FUND UNLESS PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY AN EFFECTIVE PROSPECTUS.          
MUTUAL FUND SHARES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED            
BY, ANY DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION. SHARES ARE NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC,             
FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OR ANY OTHER AGENCY, AND ARE SUBJECT TO                   
INVESTMENT RISKS, INCLUDING POSSIBLE LOSS OF PRINCIPAL AMOUNT                   
INVESTED.                                                                       
NEITHER THE FUND NOR FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS CORPORATION IS A BANK.               
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON ANY FIDELITY FUND, INCLUDING CHARGES AND                
EXPENSES, CALL 1-800-544-8888 FOR A                                             
FREE PROSPECTUS. READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU INVEST OR SEND MONEY.             
To reduce expenses and demonstrate respect for our environment, we              
have initiated a project through which we will begin eliminating                
duplicate copies of most financial reports and prospectuses to most             
households, even if they have more than one account in the fund. If             
additional copies of financial reports, prospectuses or historical              
account information are needed, please call 1-800-544-6666.                     
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE                                                             

(photo_of_Edward_C_Johnson_3d)                                                  
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:                                                               
Although financial turmoil in Pacific Basin countries was a catalyst            
for significant volatility in U.S. markets in late October and into             
November, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has risen more than 31%               
year-to-date, almost three times its historical annual average.                 
Meanwhile, bond markets - primarily influenced by a relatively steady           
flow of positive news on the inflation front - continued to post solid          
returns through the first 11 months of 1997.                                    
While it's impossible to predict the future direction of the markets            
with any degree of certainty, there are certain basic principles that           
can help investors plan for their future needs.                                 
First, investors are encouraged to take a long-term view of their               
portfolios. If you can afford to leave your money invested through the          
inevitable up and down cycles of the financial markets, you will                
greatly reduce your vulnerability to any single decline. We know from           
experience, for example, that stock prices have gone up over longer             
periods of time, have significantly outperformed other types of                 
investments and have stayed ahead of inflation.                                 
Second, you can further manage your investing risk through                      
diversification. A stock mutual fund, for instance, is already                  
diversified, because it invests in many different companies. You can            
increase your diversification further by investing in a number of               
different stock funds, or in such other investment categories as                
bonds. If you have a short investment time horizon, you might want to           
consider moving some of your investment into a money market fund,               
which seeks income and a stable share price by investing in                     
high-quality, short-term investments. Of course, it's important to              
remember that there is no assurance that a money market fund will               
achieve its goal of maintaining a stable net asset value of $1.00 per           
share, and that these types of funds are neither insured nor                    
guaranteed by any agency of the U.S. government.                                
Finally, no matter what your time horizon or portfolio diversity, it            
makes good sense to follow a regular investment plan, investing a               
certain amount of money in a fund at the same time each month or                
quarter and periodically reviewing your overall portfolio. By doing             
so, you won't get caught up in the excitement of a rapidly rising               
market, nor will you buy all your shares at market highs. While this            
strategy - known as dollar cost averaging - won't assure a profit or            
protect you from a loss in a declining market, it should help you               
lower the average cost of your purchases.                                       
If you have questions, please call us at 1-800-544-8888. We are                 
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide you the                  
information you need to make the investments that are right for you.            
Best regards,                                                                   
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
PERFORMANCE: THE BOTTOM LINE                                                    

There are several ways to evaluate a fund's historical performance.             
You can look at the total percentage change in value, the average               
annual percentage change or the growth of a hypothetical $10,000                
investment. Total return reflects the change in the value of an                 
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund's dividend income and             
capital gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that              
have grown in value).                                                           
CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS                                                        
PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997            PAST 1   PAST 5    LIFE OF           
                             YEAR     YEARS     FUND
FIDELITY EMERGING GROWTH                   13.98%   131.27%   304.28%           
FIDELITY EMERGING GROWTH                   10.56%   124.33%   292.15%           
(INCLUDING 3% SALES CHARGE)                                                   
RUSSELL 2000(REGISTERED TRADEMARK)         23.41%   117.34%   267.93%           
MID-CAP FUNDS AVERAGE                      17.72%   110.24%   N/A               

CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS show the fund's performance in percentage              
terms over a set period - in this case, one year, five years or since           
the fund started on December 28, 1990. For example, if you had                  
invested $1,000 in a fund that had a 5% return over the past year, the          
value of your investment would be $1,050. You can compare the fund's            
returns to the performance of the Russell 2000 Index - an unmanaged             
index of 2,000 small capitalization stocks. To measure how the fund's           
performance stacked up against its peers, you can compare it to the             
mid-cap funds average, which reflects the performance of mutual funds           
with similar objectives tracked by Lipper Analytical Services, Inc.             
The past one year average represents a peer group of 220 mutual funds.          
These benchmarks include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if             
any, and exclude the effect of sales charges.                                   
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS                                                    
PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997    PAST 1   PAST 5   LIFE OF                    
            YEAR     YEARS    FUND
FIDELITY EMERGING GROWTH           13.98%   18.26%   22.34%                     
FIDELITY EMERGING GROWTH           10.56%   17.54%   21.80%                     
(INCLUDING 3% SALES CHARGE)                                                   
RUSSELL 2000                       23.41%   16.80%   20.68%                     
MID-CAP FUNDS AVERAGE              17.72%   15.86%   N/A                        

AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS take the fund's cumulative return and              
show you what would have happened if the fund had performed at a                
constant rate each year. (Note: Lipper calculates average annual total          
returns by annualizing each fund's total return, then taking an                 
arithmetic average. This may produce a slightly different figure than           
that obtained by averaging the cumulative total returns and                     
annualizing the result.)                                                        
$10,000 OVER LIFE OF FUND                                                       
IMAHDR PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 140507 S00000000000001               
Emerging Growth             Russell 2000              
00324                       RS002                     
1990/12/28       9700.00                    10000.00                        
1990/12/31       9758.20                    10130.46                        
1991/01/31      11203.50                    11046.59                        
1991/02/28      11804.90                    12278.44                        
1991/03/31      12648.80                    13142.71                        
1991/04/30      12580.90                    13109.64                        
1991/05/31      13434.50                    13734.51                        
1991/06/30      12493.60                    12934.12                        
1991/07/31      13754.60                    13387.99                        
1991/08/31      14647.00                    13883.54                        
1991/09/30      14753.70                    13992.25                        
1991/10/31      14967.10                    14362.33                        
1991/11/30      14365.70                    13698.05                        
1991/12/31      16305.88                    14794.92                        
1992/01/31      16354.92                    15993.70                        
1992/02/29      16104.38                    16460.26                        
1992/03/31      15072.18                    15903.11                        
1992/04/30      14621.22                    15345.96                        
1992/05/31      14801.60                    15550.02                        
1992/06/30      14060.02                    14814.62                        
1992/07/31      14741.47                    15329.88                        
1992/08/31      14280.49                    14897.29                        
1992/09/30      14731.45                    15241.09                        
1992/10/31      15753.63                    15725.55                        
1992/11/30      16956.20                    16928.86                        
1992/12/31      17668.44                    17518.63                        
1993/01/31      18231.12                    18111.57                        
1993/02/28      17527.13                    17693.25                        
1993/03/31      18034.42                    18267.39                        
1993/04/30      17899.83                    17765.95                        
1993/05/31      19463.09                    18552.08                        
1993/06/30      19659.79                    18667.81                        
1993/07/31      19587.32                    18925.55                        
1993/08/31      20343.07                    19743.17                        
1993/09/30      20664.00                    20300.32                        
1993/10/31      21160.93                    20822.82                        
1993/11/30      20322.36                    20137.48                        
1993/12/31      21180.19                    20825.99                        
1994/01/31      21797.79                    21478.95                        
1994/02/28      21673.66                    21401.26                        
1994/03/31      20519.22                    20271.33                        
1994/04/30      20606.11                    20391.82                        
1994/05/31      19811.66                    20162.84                        
1994/06/30      18421.37                    19478.18                        
1994/07/31      19116.51                    19798.20                        
1994/08/31      20519.22                    20901.41                        
1994/09/30      20419.91                    20831.43                        
1994/10/31      21400.57                    20749.21                        
1994/11/30      20581.29                    19911.22                        
1994/12/31      21142.37                    20446.18                        
1995/01/31      20582.39                    20188.21                        
1995/02/28      21540.58                    21028.02                        
1995/03/31      22448.99                    21390.17                        
1995/04/30      23208.08                    21865.78                        
1995/05/31      24166.27                    22241.75                        
1995/06/30      26841.73                    23395.56                        
1995/07/31      30002.51                    24743.19                        
1995/08/31      30425.60                    25255.05                        
1995/09/30      31134.91                    25706.06                        
1995/10/31      30761.59                    24556.43                        
1995/11/30      30375.83                    25588.16                        
1995/12/31      28741.54                    26263.28                        
1996/01/31      29135.09                    26235.14                        
1996/02/29      30883.45                    27052.75                        
1996/03/31      30883.45                    27603.43                        
1996/04/30      32853.63                    29079.43                        
1996/05/31      34132.28                    30225.37                        
1996/06/30      32827.53                    28984.21                        
1996/07/31      29604.80                    26452.63                        
1996/08/31      30857.36                    27988.47                        
1996/09/30      33492.95                    29082.24                        
1996/10/31      32631.82                    28634.03                        
1996/11/30      34406.28                    29813.87                        
1996/12/31      33282.38                    30595.22                        
1997/01/31      35594.57                    31206.66                        
1997/02/28      33771.24                    30450.00                        
1997/03/31      31591.17                    29013.19                        
1997/04/30      32304.65                    29094.06                        
1997/05/31      35317.11                    32330.77                        
1997/06/30      36321.26                    33716.31                        
1997/07/31      40033.98                    35285.20                        
1997/08/31      39558.33                    36092.57                        
1997/09/30      42015.87                    38734.34                        
1997/10/31      38858.07                    37032.78                        
1997/11/28      39214.81                    36793.26                        
IMATRL PRASUN   SHR__CHT 19971130 19971209 140510 R00000000000087               
$10,000 OVER LIFE OF FUND:  Let's say hypothetically that $10,000 was           
invested in Fidelity Emerging Growth Fund on December 28, 1990, when            
the fund started, and the current 3% sales charge was paid. As the              
chart shows, by November 30, 1997, the value of the investment would            
have grown to $39,215 - a 292.15% increase on the initial investment.           
For comparison, look at how the Russell 2000 Index did over the same            
period. With dividends and capital gains, if any, reinvested, the same          
$10,000 investment would have grown to $36,793 - a 267.93% increase.            
UNDERSTANDING                                                                   
PERFORMANCE                                                                     
How a fund did yesterday is                                                     
no guarantee of how it will do                                                  
tomorrow. The stock market,                                                     
for example, has a history of                                                   
long-term growth and                                                            
short-term volatility. In turn, the                                             
share price and return of a                                                     
fund that invests in stocks will                                                
vary. That means if you sell                                                    
your shares during a market                                                     
downturn, you might lose                                                        
money. But if you can ride out                                                  
the market's ups and downs,                                                     
you may have a gain.                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
FUND TALK: THE MANAGER'S OVERVIEW                                               
MARKET RECAP                                                                    
The 12 months that ended                                                        
November 30, 1997, was a period                                                 
that truly tested the U.S. stock                                                
market's resolve. But despite                                                   
frequent shifts in sentiment, an                                                
interest-rate hike and global                                                   
volatility concerns, U.S. stocks still                                          
managed to perform well. The                                                    
Standard & Poor's 500 Index - a                                                 
broad gauge of the U.S. stock                                                   
market - returned 28.51% during                                                 
the period, well above the                                                      
market's long-term annual                                                       
average of around 11%. In the first                                             
half of the period, large-cap stocks                                            
were responsible for much of the                                                
market's gain, as investors were                                                
drawn to stocks with recognizable                                               
names and consistent                                                            
earnings-growth track records.                                                  
Consequently, stock prices soared                                               
and enthusiasm was high. The                                                    
Federal Reserve Board - in an                                                   
attempt to halt inflation before it                                             
appeared - raised a key                                                         
short-term interest rate by 0.25%                                               
in March. The market paused                                                     
briefly, but then kept rolling as the                                           
Dow Jones Industrial Average                                                    
reached the 8,000-point mark for                                                
the first time ever in August. With                                             
several multinational companies                                                 
announcing earnings shortfalls in                                               
mid-August, small-cap stocks                                                    
came into favor among investors.                                                
During August and September,                                                    
the Russell 2000 Index - which                                                  
measures small-cap stock                                                        
performance - was up 9.78%                                                      
while the S&P was down 0.43%.                                                   
Volatility in Asian markets in late                                             
October sent skittish investors                                                 
running for cover. The Dow slid                                                 
554 points in one day, then                                                     
snapped back the next, reclaiming                                               
330-plus points. Sensing                                                        
continued fallout from this                                                     
volatility, investors again became                                              
quality-conscious and large-caps                                                
regained their perch through                                                    
November.                                                                       
An interview with Erin Sullivan, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity                  
Emerging Growth Fund                                                            
Q. HOW DID THE FUND PERFORM, ERIN?                                              
A. For the 12 months that ended November 30, 1997, the fund had a               
total return of 13.98%. During the same period, the Russell 2000 index          
returned 23.41% and the mid-cap funds average tracked by Lipper                 
Analytical Services returned 17.72%.                                            
Q. WHY DID THE FUND UNDERPERFORM THE INDEX AND ITS PEER GROUP?                  
A. Poor stock selection in the health care sector hurt performance,             
especially since the fund was overweighted in that sector - relative            
to the index - during the period. At the same time, the fund's                  
underweighted position in the strong-performing energy sector also              
detracted from performance. By definition, this type of fund usually            
does not own many traditional energy stocks because many of them                
represent mature, rather than emerging-growth, industries. Generally,           
the fund invests in young, fast-growing, small- and mid-capitalization          
companies that typically have high price-to-earnings multiples -                
meaning they trade at high valuations relative to their current                 
earnings growth. The reason behind these valuations is that investors           
are willing to pay more now for above-average earnings growth in the            
future. Unfortunately, these high-multiple stocks tend to suffer                
larger corrections when other stocks in their industry report                   
disappointing earnings or during periods of economic uncertainty, such          
as the one we saw at the end of the period.                                     
Q. WHICH INDIVIDUAL HOLDINGS HELPED PERFORMANCE?                                
A. The strongest contributors were personal computer (PC)                       
manufacturers such as Compaq Computer and Dell Computer, and PC                 
retailers such as CompUSA. Strong PC demand drove revenue and earnings          
growth for these companies and, in turn, boosted their share prices.            
Also in the technology sector, Nokia, a Finnish telecommunications              
company, benefited from strong demand for handsets and other cellular           
communications equipment. I sold the fund's stakes in Compaq and Dell           
by the end of the period to reap the profits from their share-price             
appreciation. In addition, some retail stocks benefited from                    
consolidation in this industry. For example, Consolidated Stores                
recently announced that it would acquire MacFrugals Bargains. These             
mergers should provide opportunities for buying synergies and cost              
cutting.                                                                        
Q. WHICH HOLDINGS HURT PERFORMANCE?                                             
A. Oxford Health's stock plummeted 60% in one day after the company             
announced that an accounting error had caused it to severely misstate           
its quarterly earnings. Needless to say, holding the stock during that          
period hurt the fund. USA Waste, a waste-management company, also was           
a detractor. Although the company reported on-target earnings during            
the period, its stock was battered by concerns about other players in           
the industry that faced accounting or management problems. In                   
addition, Ascend Communications, a networking company, suffered from            
weaker-than-expected industry demand and product transition                     
difficulties.                                                                   
Q. THE FUND REDUCED ITS POSITION IN THE TECHNOLOGY SECTOR TO ABOUT 24%          
AT THE END OF THE PERIOD FROM ABOUT 42% ON MAY 31. WHY DID YOU MAKE             
SUCH A DRAMATIC SHIFT?                                                          
A. I significantly reduced the fund's position in technology over the           
last several weeks of the period due to concerns that weakness in               
Asian economies would hurt demand. For example, the demand for                  
networking infrastructure and cellular handsets was growing rapidly in          
Asian countries. However, now that many of these regions are facing             
severe economic difficulties, governments and companies probably will           
pull back spending on this kind of technology. Also, as I mentioned             
before, the fund took profits in some of the technology stocks that             
had appreciated considerably.                                                   
Q. WHAT'S YOUR OUTLOOK?                                                         
A. I think the economic difficulties in Asia need to be watched                 
closely, particularly as a barometer for technology demand. In the              
meantime, I think application-software companies in the U.S. should             
benefit as trends toward client-server infrastructures continue and             
the demand for year 2000 solutions increases. In addition, I expect             
consolidation through merger and acquisitions in the retail and health          
care sectors to continue. Overall, I believe that the market                    
valuations of many companies are high, so any company or industry               
could be subject to a severe correction if earnings disappointments             
arise.                                                                          
THE VIEWS EXPRESSED IN THIS REPORT REFLECT THOSE OF THE PORTFOLIO               
MANAGER ONLY THROUGH THE END OF THE PERIOD OF THE REPORT AS STATED ON           
THE COVER. THE MANAGER'S VIEWS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME BASED          
ON MARKET AND OTHER CONDITIONS.                                                 
STEVE WYMER ON INTERNATIONAL                                                    
MARKET VOLATILITY:                                                              
"The economic crisis that                                                       
enveloped the Asia-Pacific region                                               
in October and November affected                                                
many U.S. companies, especially                                                 
technology firms that sell locally                                              
in Asia or export their products                                                
to that area. Due to its growth                                                 
focus nature, the fund has                                                      
historically had considerable                                                   
exposure to growth-oriented                                                     
technology companies.                                                           
"At this point, it seems like the                                               
environment for tech stocks is                                                  
worse than companies are                                                        
admitting. When severe economic                                                 
downturns occur, it usually takes a                                             
while for companies to assess the                                               
real impact, but my sense is that                                               
Asia's problems have had a                                                      
harmful domino effect. There's                                                  
always a chance for rapid                                                       
improvement, but I don't see                                                    
anything near-term that indicates                                               
a turnaround. Right now, nobody                                                 
wants to touch Asia with a 10-foot                                              
pole.                                                                           
"What does all this mean for the                                                
fund? One positive aspect of                                                    
foreign market volatility is that it                                            
often creates buying opportunities.                                             
Stocks have become cheaper. I'm                                                 
going to keep a close eye on Asia                                               
to see if any signs of stabilization                                            
crop up. As with the Latin American                                             
currency crisis in 1995, U.S. stocks                                            
with exposure to beaten down                                                    
markets tend to rise quite quickly                                              
when improvement is visible."
FUND FACTS                                                                      
GOAL: to increase the value                                                     
of the fund's shares over the                                                   
long term by investing in                                                       
stocks with above-average                                                       
growth potential                                                                
FUND NUMBER: 025                                                                
TRADING SYMBOL: FDGRX                                                           
START DATE: January 17, 1983                                                    
SIZE: as of November
30, 1997, more than $10.5                                                       
billion                                                                         
MANAGER: Steven Wymer,                                                          
since January 1997;                                                             
manager, Fidelity Dividend                                                      
Growth Fund, 1995-97;                                                           
assistant manager, Fidelity OTC                                                 
Portfolio, January                                                              
1995-May 1995; manager,                                                         
Fidelity Select Chemicals                                                       
Portfolio, 1993-94; assistant,                                                  
Fidelity Magellan Fund,                                                         
1992-94; manager, Fidelity                                                      
Select Automotive Portfolio,                                                    
1990-93; joined Fidelity in                                                     
1989                                                                            
(checkmark)                                                                     
INVESTMENT CHANGES                                                              
TOP TEN STOCKS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
                                  % OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS
                          INVESTMENTS    IN THESE STOCKS
                                      6 MONTHS AGO
MCKESSON CORP.                        3.5            0.0                        
HEALTHSOUTH CORP.                     3.4            1.7                        
TYCO INTERNATIONAL LTD.               3.1            0.8                        
MCI COMMUNICATIONS CORP.              2.8            0.2                        
MACFRUGALS BARGAINS CLOSEOUTS, INC.   2.5            0.0                        
COMPUSA, INC.                         2.4            1.4                        
CVS CORP.                             2.3            0.3                        
USA WASTE SERVICES, INC.              2.2            0.1                        
BMC SOFTWARE, INC.                    2.1            1.0                        
MICROSOFT CORP.                       2.0            2.7                        
TOP FIVE MARKET SECTORS AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
% OF FUND'S    % OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS
INVESTMENTS    IN THESE MARKET SECTORS
    6 MONTHS AGO
TECHNOLOGY           24.1           41.6                                        
RETAIL & WHOLESALE   20.1           11.7                                        
HEALTH               16.1           15.4                                        
ENERGY               8.0            0.6                                         
SERVICES             7.0            8.6                                         
ASSET ALLOCATION (% OF FUND'S INVESTMENTS)                                      
AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 1997 * AS OF MAY 31, 1997**                                  
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 6.8                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 0.0                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 3, VALUE: 43.2                                                     
ROW: 1, COL: 4, VALUE: 50.0                                                     
STOCKS  97.2%                                                                   
CONVERTIBLE                                                                     
SECURITIES 0.2%                                                                 
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 2.6%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 7.4%                                                                
STOCKS  93.2%                                                                   
CONVERTIBLE                                                                     
SECURITIES 0.0%                                                                 
SHORT-TERM                                                                      
INVESTMENTS 6.8%                                                                
FOREIGN                                                                         
INVESTMENTS 3.7%                                                                
ROW: 1, COL: 1, VALUE: 3.0                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 2, VALUE: 1.6                                                      
ROW: 1, COL: 3, VALUE: 45.4                                                     
ROW: 1, COL: 4, VALUE: 50.0                                                     
*                                                                               
**                                                                              
INVESTMENTS NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
SHOWING PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL VALUE OF INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES                   
COMMON STOCKS - 93.2%                                                           
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE - 0.6%                                                      
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE - 0.5%                                                      
AAR Corp.   119,300 $ 4,601                                                     
BE Aerospace, Inc. (a)  139,800  4,421                                          
9,022                                                                       
DEFENSE ELECTRONICS - 0.0%                                                      
Remec, Inc. (a)  15,800  369                                                    
SHIP BUILDING & REPAIR - 0.1%                                                   
Fred Olsen Energy ASA (a)  73,300  1,559                                        
TOTAL AEROSPACE & DEFENSE   10,950                                              
BASIC INDUSTRIES - 0.3%                                                         
CHEMICALS & PLASTICS - 0.2%                                                     
Ivex Packaging Corp.   102,000  2,040                                           
Sealed Air Corp. (a)  50,000  2,844                                             
4,884                                                                       
IRON & STEEL - 0.1%                                                             
SPS Technologies, Inc. (a)  32,000  1,400                                       
TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRIES   6,284                                                  
CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE - 0.4%                                               
BUILDING MATERIALS - 0.2%                                                       
Coltec Industries, Inc. (a)  150,000  3,497                                     
Hexcel Corp. (a)  50,000  1,266                                                 
Masco Corp.   10,000  471                                                       
5,234                                                                       
ENGINEERING - 0.2%                                                              
Comfort Systems USA, Inc.   100,000  1,700                                      
DSP Group, Inc. (a)  50,000  1,638                                              
3,338                                                                       
REAL ESTATE - 0.0%                                                              
Trammell Crow Co.   1,600  34                                                   
TOTAL CONSTRUCTION & REAL ESTATE   8,606                                        
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
DURABLES - 0.3%                                                                 
AUTOS, TIRES, & ACCESSORIES - 0.2%                                              
Lear Corp. (a)  70,000 $ 3,277                                                  
CONSUMER DURABLES - 0.0%                                                        
Wireless Telecom Group, Inc.   129,800  933                                     
TEXTILES & APPAREL - 0.1%                                                       
Tefron Ltd.   83,000  1,743                                                     
TOTAL DURABLES   5,953                                                          
ENERGY - 8.0%                                                                   
ENERGY SERVICES - 5.1%                                                          
BJ Services Co. (a)  50,000  3,591                                              
Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.   45,000  2,244                                 
Falcon Drilling, Inc. (a)  274,800  8,862                                       
Marine Drilling Companies, Inc. (a)  150,000  3,413                             
Nabors Industries, Inc. (a)  35,600  1,248                                      
Noble Drilling Corp. (a)  459,100  13,801                                       
Reading & Bates Corp. (a)  664,100  25,485                                      
Rowan Companies, Inc. (a)  99,900  3,397                                        
Transocean Offshore, Inc.   129,100  6,124                                      
Varco International, Inc. (a)  265,000  13,564                                  
Weatherford Enterra, Inc. (a)  221,000  9,959                                   
Western Atlas, Inc.   97,100  6,755                                             
98,443                                                                      
OIL & GAS - 2.9%                                                                
Cooper Cameron Corp. (a)  395,200  24,083                                       
EVI, Inc. (a)  458,000  23,558                                                  
National-Oilwell, Inc. (a)  209,400  6,635                                      
Titan Exploration, Inc.   44,000  523                                           
54,799                                                                      
TOTAL ENERGY   153,242                                                          
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
FINANCE - 1.0%                                                                  
BANKS - 0.6%                                                                    
North Fork Bancorp., Inc.   50,000 $ 1,519                                      
Provident Financial Group, Inc.   10,000  450                                   
Providian Financial Corp.   10,000  441                                         
U.S. Bancorp   80,000  8,605                                                    
11,015                                                                      
CREDIT & OTHER FINANCE - 0.2%                                                   
CIT Group, Inc. Class A  90,800  2,758                                          
Money Store, Inc.   26,300  659                                                 
3,417                                                                       
SAVINGS & LOANS - 0.2%                                                          
CenFed Financial Corp.   9,020  368                                             
Commercial Federal Corp.   10,000  481                                          
New York Bancorp, Inc.   50,000  1,769                                          
Washington Mutual, Inc.   17,100  1,182                                         
3,800                                                                       
SECURITIES INDUSTRY - 0.0%                                                      
Jackson Hewitt, Inc. (a)  10,000  671                                           
TOTAL FINANCE   18,903                                                          
HEALTH - 16.1%                                                                  
DRUGS & PHARMACEUTICALS - 4.8%                                                  
Alliance Pharmaceutical Corp. (a)  100,000  969                                 
American Home Products Corp.   209,400  14,631                                  
Amgen, Inc.   85,000  4,346                                                     
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.   180,000  16,853                                      
Cytyc Corp. (a)  75,000  1,622                                                  
Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  100,000  4,388                                  
Elan Corp. PLC ADR (a)  491,000  25,900                                         
Genome Therapeutics Corp. (a)  100,000  806                                     
Gilead Sciences, Inc. (a)  21,100  728                                          
Schering-Plough Corp.   286,200  17,941                                         
Sepracor, Inc. (a)  107,400  3,960                                              
92,144                                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
HEALTH - CONTINUED                                                              
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES - 5.7%                                             
Biomet, Inc.   65,600 $ 1,566                                                   
Boston Scientific Corp. (a)  39,100  1,767                                      
Cooper Companies, Inc. (a)  137,500  5,371                                      
Guidant Corp.   140,000  8,995                                                  
Johnson & Johnson  134,000  8,434                                               
McKesson Corp.   602,600  67,416                                                
Medtronic, Inc.   143,000  6,828                                                
Perrigo Co. (a)  25,000  356                                                    
Steris Corp. (a)  40,000  1,880                                                 
Thermo Cardiosystems, Inc. (a)  356,300  6,903                                  
109,516                                                                     
MEDICAL FACILITIES MANAGEMENT - 5.6%                                            
Carematrix Corp. (a)  89,600  2,386                                             
Coventry Corp. (a)  150,400  2,247                                              
HEALTHSOUTH Corp. (a)  2,481,100  65,129                                        
Health Management Associates, Inc. Class A (a)  785,400  19,242                 
Mariner Health Group, Inc. (a)  80,000  1,160                                   
Medquist, Inc. (a)  78,800  2,049                                               
Renal Treatment Centers, Inc. (a)  50,000  1,666                                
Renal Care Group, Inc. (a)  43,200  1,372                                       
Universal Health Services, Inc. Class B (a)  220,000  9,610                     
Wellpoint Health Networks, Inc. (a)  55,000  2,530                              
107,391                                                                     
TOTAL HEALTH   309,051                                                          
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 5.9%                                         
ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT - 0.1%                                                     
Allen Telecom, Inc. (a)  20,000  406                                            
Loral Space & Communications Ltd. (a)  33,500  743                              
Vicor Corp. (a)  6,700  190                                                     
1,339                                                                       
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - 3.3%                                         
MSC Industrial Direct, Inc. (a)  80,000  3,110                                  
Tyco International Ltd.   1,535,322  60,261                                     
63,371                                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT - CONTINUED                                    
POLLUTION CONTROL - 2.5%                                                        
Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc.   60,000 $ 2,141                               
Superior Services, Inc. (a)  100,000  2,363                                     
Thermo Instrument Systems, Inc. (a)  35,875  1,114                              
USA Waste Services, Inc. (a)  1,284,925  42,483                                 
Waste Industries, Inc.   2,500  50                                              
48,151                                                                      
TOTAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT   112,861                                
MEDIA & LEISURE - 4.3%                                                          
BROADCASTING - 0.8%                                                             
American Radio Systems Corp. Class A  222,900  11,089                           
Smartalk Teleservices, Inc. (a)  176,000  3,773                                 
14,862                                                                      
ENTERTAINMENT - 0.1%                                                            
Cinar Films, Inc. Class B (sub-vtg.) (a)  44,000  1,730                         
LEISURE DURABLES & TOYS - 1.0%                                                  
Mattel, Inc.   500,000  20,031                                                  
LODGING & GAMING - 1.1%                                                         
Doubletree Corp. (a)  86,300  3,792                                             
HFS, Inc. (a)  246,500  16,916                                                  
20,708                                                                      
PUBLISHING - 0.1%                                                               
ACNielsen Corp. (a)  100,000  2,244                                             
US WEST Media Group (a)  30,000  797                                            
3,041                                                                       
RESTAURANTS - 1.2%                                                              
CKE Restaurants, Inc.   261,600  9,826                                          
Fine Host Corp. (a)  150,700  4,417                                             
Friendly Ice Cream Corp.   100,000  1,600                                       
Il Fornaio America Corp.   57,500  827                                          
Rainforest Cafe, Inc. (a)  183,400  6,603                                       
23,273                                                                      
TOTAL MEDIA & LEISURE   83,645                                                  
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
NONDURABLES - 0.3%                                                              
HOUSEHOLD PRODUCTS - 0.3%                                                       
Alberto-Culver Co. Class A  23,200 $ 618                                        
Dial Corp.   250,000  4,844                                                     
Memtec Ltd. sponsored ADR   20,000  716                                         
6,178                                                                       
RETAIL & WHOLESALE - 20.1%                                                      
APPAREL STORES - 4.5%                                                           
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (a)   90,000  2,693                                     
Big Dog Holdings, Inc.   100,800  970                                           
Gap, Inc.   162,600  8,730                                                      
Payless ShoeSource, Inc. (a)  300,000  19,050                                   
Ross Stores, Inc.   517,900  20,197                                             
Stage Stores, Inc. (a)  436,200  18,375                                         
TJX Companies, Inc.   402,800  13,897                                           
Wet Seal, Inc. Class A (a)  120,000  3,548                                      
87,460                                                                      
DRUG STORES - 3.4%                                                              
Arbor Drugs, Inc.   339,600  9,212                                              
CVS Corp.   653,760  43,393                                                     
Rite Aid Corp.   189,600  12,465                                                
65,070                                                                      
GENERAL MERCHANDISE STORES - 7.7%                                               
Carson Pirie Scott & Co. (a)  287,200  14,827                                   
Consolidated Stores Corp. (a)  512,525  24,922                                  
Cost Plus, Inc. (a)  20,000  663                                                
Dollar Tree Stores (a)  213,600  8,891                                          
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.   277,500  7,683                                     
MacFrugals Bargains Closeouts, Inc. (a)  1,136,000  48,706                      
Meyer (Fred), Inc. (a)  100,000  3,388                                          
Michaels Stores, Inc. (a)  186,700  6,044                                       
99 Cents Only Stores (a)  34,200  1,233                                         
Proffitts, Inc. (a)  1,003,400  30,665                                          
147,022                                                                     
GROCERY STORES - 2.1%                                                           
Dominick's Supermarkets, Inc. (a)  187,100  7,274                               
Giant Food, Inc. Class A  26,400  891                                           
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
RETAIL & WHOLESALE - CONTINUED                                                  
GROCERY STORES - CONTINUED                                                      
Hannaford Brothers Co.   254,800 $ 10,240                                       
Rykoff-Sexton, Inc.   20,400  458                                               
Safeway, Inc. (a)  351,400  21,346                                              
40,209                                                                      
RETAIL & WHOLESALE, MISCELLANEOUS - 2.4%                                        
Corporate Express, Inc. (a)  141,700  2,215                                     
Gadzooks, Inc. (a)(c)  470,000  13,101                                          
Office Depot, Inc. (a)  20,000  473                                             
Staples, Inc. (a)  287,300  8,098                                               
Tandy Corp.   30,000  1,290                                                     
Toys "R" Us, Inc. (a)  438,300  14,957                                          
U.S.A. Floral Products, Inc.   17,800  271                                      
Viking Office Products, Inc. (a)  220,000  5,101                                
45,506                                                                      
TOTAL RETAIL & WHOLESALE   385,267                                              
SERVICES - 7.0%                                                                 
ADVERTISING - 0.3%                                                              
Omnicom Group, Inc.   73,800  5,470                                             
LEASING & RENTAL - 1.7%                                                         
Avis Rent A Car, Inc. (a)  353,000  11,848                                      
Hertz Corp. Class A  156,000  6,152                                             
Republic Industries, Inc. (a)  600,000  15,638                                  
33,638                                                                      
SERVICES - 5.0%                                                                 
AccuStaff, Inc. (a)  357,100  10,557                                            
Boron LePore & Associates, Inc.   100,000  2,450                                
Caribiner International, Inc. (a)  146,600  6,221                               
Catalina Marketing Corp. (a)  46,200  2,137                                     
Computer Horizons Corp. (a)  1,017,850  33,589                                  
Gartner Group, Inc. Class A (a)  597,900  17,414                                
Medpartners, Inc. (a)  36,600  906                                              
Metzler Group, Inc. (a)  15,000  585                                            
Personnel Group of America, Inc. (a)  130,000  4,753                            
Robert Half International, Inc. (a)  195,900  7,652                             
Staffmark, Inc. (a)  238,200  8,307                                             
Syntel, Inc.   46,900  531                                                      
95,102                                                                      
TOTAL SERVICES   134,210                                                        
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - 24.1%                                                              
COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT - 2.4%                                                 
ADC Telecommunications, Inc. (a)   112,200 $ 4,172                              
Advanced Fibre Communication, Inc. (a)  124,700  3,227                          
Aspect Telecommunications Corp. (a)  36,800  826                                
Cisco Systems, Inc. (a)  120,000  10,350                                        
DSC Communications Corp. (a)  50,000  1,128                                     
Davox Corp. (a)  275,700  9,098                                                 
Inter-Tel, Inc.   50,000  1,050                                                 
Intermedia Communications, Inc. (a)  23,800  1,181                              
Lucent Technologies, Inc.   70,200  5,625                                       
Nokia Corp. AB sponsored ADR  36,300  3,017                                     
Tellabs, Inc. (a)  133,000  6,916                                               
46,590                                                                      
COMPUTER SERVICES & SOFTWARE - 18.0%                                            
American Software, Inc. Class A (a)  104,600  968                               
Aris Corp.   6,200  151                                                         
Autodesk, Inc.   150,000  5,766                                                 
BMC Software, Inc. (a)  630,000  40,871                                         
Broderbund Software, Inc. (a)  21,100  613                                      
CUC International, Inc. (a)  471,600  13,559                                    
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (a)  436,600  11,024                               
Cambridge Technology Partners Massachusetts, Inc. (a)  716,800  27,866          
Ciber, Inc. (a)  25,000  1,100                                                  
Claremont Technology Group, Inc. (a)  152,000  2,793                            
Complete Business Solutions, Inc.   12,000  408                                 
Computer Associates International, Inc.   56,700  2,952                         
CompUSA, Inc. (a)  1,254,400  45,864                                            
Computer Task Group, Inc.   123,800  3,900                                      
Corsair Communications, Inc.   50,700  900                                      
Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (a)  129,600  6,253                               
HBO & Co.   540,000  24,233                                                     
Henry (Jack) & Associates, Inc.   150,000  3,788                                
ICG Communications, Inc. (a)  50,000  1,163                                     
Keane, Inc. (a)  711,800  22,554                                                
Manugistics Group, Inc. (a)  489,600  17,075                                    
Meta Group, Inc. (a)  50,000  997                                               
Microsoft Corp. (a)  277,200  39,224                                            
PeopleSoft, Inc. (a)  75,000  4,908                                             
Physician Computer Network, Inc. (a)  193,700  944                              
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TECHNOLOGY - CONTINUED                                                          
COMPUTER SERVICES & SOFTWARE - CONTINUED                                        
Policy Management Systems Corp. (a)  63,300 $ 4,091                             
Saville Systems Ireland PLC sponsored ADR (a)  827,800  27,782                  
Smallworldwide PLC sponsored ADR  151,100  2,928                                
SunGard Data Systems, Inc. (a)  48,400  1,252                                   
Symantec Corp. (a)  20,000  500                                                 
Synopsys, Inc. (a)  300,000  12,337                                             
Technology Solutions, Inc. (a)  428,900  13,241                                 
Viasoft, Inc. (a)  22,000  809                                                  
Viewlogic Systems, Inc. (a)  89,200  2,375                                      
345,189                                                                     
COMPUTERS & OFFICE EQUIPMENT - 1.2%                                             
CDW Computer Centers, Inc. (a)  6,700  395                                      
EMC Corp. (a)  350,000  10,609                                                  
Insight Enterprises, Inc. (a)  12,600  488                                      
Iomega Corp. (a)  250,000  8,219                                                
SCI Systems, Inc. (a)  80,000  3,666                                            
23,377                                                                      
ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS - 1.8%                                                   
Berg Electronics Corp. (a)  155,500  3,586                                      
Cohu, Inc.   12,000  426                                                        
Lam Research Corp. (a)  50,337  1,542                                           
Smart Modular Technologies, Inc. (a)  19,700  1,221                             
Thermo Electron Corp. (a)  481,000  17,707                                      
Thermoquest Corp. (a)  50,000  847                                              
Varian Associates, Inc.   10,000  578                                           
Waters Corp. (a)  204,200  8,742                                                
34,649                                                                      
ELECTRONICS - 0.7%                                                              
Applied Micro Circuits Corp.   22,200  244                                      
Asia Electronics Holdings Co., Inc.   59,500  446                               
Etec Systems, Inc. (a)  55,000  2,516                                           
Solectron Corp. (a)  110,000  4,008                                             
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. sponsored ADR  242,300  5,331            
12,545                                                                      
TOTAL TECHNOLOGY   462,350                                                      
COMMON STOCKS - CONTINUED                                                       
SHARES VALUE (NOTE 1)                                                         
(000S)                                                                      
TRANSPORTATION - 0.1%                                                           
AIR TRANSPORTATION - 0.1%                                                       
Comair Holdings, Inc.   37,500 $ 830                                            
Virgin Express Holdings PLC sponsored ADR  24,300  401                          
1,231                                                                       
TRUCKING & FREIGHT - 0.0%                                                       
CNF Transportation, Inc.   20,000  870                                          
TOTAL TRANSPORTATION   2,101                                                    
UTILITIES - 4.7%                                                                
CELLULAR - 0.4%                                                                 
Nextel Communications, Inc. Class A (a)  300,000  7,575                         
ELECTRIC UTILITY - 0.0%                                                         
AES Corp. (a)  7,700  282                                                       
TELEPHONE SERVICES - 4.3%                                                       
Brooks Fiber Properties, Inc. (a)  17,600  964                                  
ITC Deltacom, Inc.   1,300  18                                                  
MCI Communications Corp.   1,232,800  54,166                                    
NEXTLINK Communications, Inc. Class A  20,300  411                              
Tel-Save Holdings, Inc. (a)  201,800  4,364                                     
Teleport Communications Group, Inc. Class A (a)  100,000  4,900                 
WorldCom, Inc. (a)  534,030  17,089                                             
81,912                                                                      
TOTAL UTILITIES   89,769                                                        
TOTAL COMMON STOCKS                                                             
(Cost $1,529,626)   1,789,370                                                   
CASH EQUIVALENTS - 6.8%                                                         
Taxable Central Cash Fund (b)                                                   
(Cost $131,197)  131,196,894  131,197                                           
TOTAL INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES - 100%                                           
(Cost $1,660,823)  $ 1,920,567                                                  
LEGEND                                                                          
1. Non-income producing                                                         
2. At period end, the seven-day yield on the Taxable Central Cash Fund          
was 5.69%. The yield refers to the income earned by investing in the            
fund over the seven-day period, expressed as an annual percentage.              
3. Affiliated company (see Note 7 of Notes to Financial Statements).            
INCOME TAX INFORMATION                                                          
At November 30, 1997, the aggregate cost of investment securities for           
income tax purposes was $1,669,033,000. Net unrealized appreciation             
aggregated $251,534,000, of which $302,051,000 related to appreciated           
investment securities and $50,517,000 related to depreciated                    
investment securities.                                                          
The fund hereby designates approximately $55,858,000 as a capital gain          
dividend for the purpose of the dividend paid deduction.                        
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                            
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS (EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNTS) NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
ASSETS                                                                                  
INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES, AT VALUE (COST $1,660,823) -                       $ 1,920,567
SEE ACCOMPANYING SCHEDULE                                                               
RECEIVABLE FOR INVESTMENTS SOLD                                               77,091    
RECEIVABLE FOR FUND SHARES SOLD                                               1,197     
DIVIDENDS RECEIVABLE                                                          324       
INTEREST RECEIVABLE                                                           601       
OTHER RECEIVABLES                                                             860       
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                 2,000,640 
LIABILITIES                                                                             
PAYABLE FOR INVESTMENTS PURCHASED                                  $ 18,545             
PAYABLE FOR FUND SHARES REDEEMED                                    2,644               
ACCRUED MANAGEMENT FEE                                              1,195               
OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES                                 549                 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                            22,933    
NET ASSETS                                                                   $ 1,977,707

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF:                                                                  
PAID IN CAPITAL                                                              $ 1,273,099

ACCUMULATED UNDISTRIBUTED NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON                         444,864   
INVESTMENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS                                           
NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON INVESTMENTS                     259,744   
NET ASSETS, FOR 66,638 SHARES OUTSTANDING                                    $ 1,977,707

NET ASSET VALUE AND REDEMPTION PRICE PER SHARE                                $29.68    
($1,977,707 (DIVIDED BY) 66,638 SHARES)                                                 
MAXIMUM OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE (100/97.00 OF $29.68)                        $30.60    

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS                                                         

                                                                [Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS  YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 1997 
INVESTMENT INCOME                                                     $ 3,853   
DIVIDENDS                                                                       
INTEREST                                                               4,677    
 TOTAL INCOME                                                          8,530    
EXPENSES                                                                        
MANAGEMENT FEE                                             $ 12,360             
BASIC FEE                                                                       
 PERFORMANCE ADJUSTMENT                                     2,274               
TRANSFER AGENT FEES                                         5,036               
ACCOUNTING FEES AND EXPENSES                                725                 
NON-INTERESTED TRUSTEES' COMPENSATION                       11                  
CUSTODIAN FEES AND EXPENSES                                 91                  
REGISTRATION FEES                                           96                  
AUDIT                                                       64                  
LEGAL                                                       21                  
INTEREST                                                    6                   
MISCELLANEOUS                                               9                   
 TOTAL EXPENSES BEFORE REDUCTIONS                           20,693              
 EXPENSE REDUCTIONS                                         (654)      20,039   
NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)                                           (11,509) 
REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                             
NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON:                                                    
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES                                      461,687             
 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS                              4          461,691  
CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION) ON                (213,582)
INVESTMENT SECURITIES                                                           
NET GAIN (LOSS)                                                        248,109  
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING                       $ 236,600 
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS                                              

                                                                [Download Table]


AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS                                   YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED  
                                                       NOVEMBER 30,  NOVEMBER 30,
                                                       1997          1996        

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS                                                
OPERATIONS                                             $ (11,509)    $ (4,998)   
NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)                                                     
 NET REALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                               461,691       27,528     
 CHANGE IN NET UNREALIZED APPRECIATION (DEPRECIATION)   (213,582)     172,134    
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING        236,600       194,664    
FROM OPERATIONS                                                                  
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM NET REALIZED GAINS   (23,421)      (59,173)   
SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                      471,709       977,456    
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF SHARES                                                
 REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                          23,095        58,461     
 COST OF SHARES REDEEMED                                (669,838)     (564,710)  
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING        (175,034)     471,207    
FROM SHARE TRANSACTIONS                                                          
REDEMPTION FEES                                         351           751        
  TOTAL INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS               38,496        607,449    
NET ASSETS                                                                       
 BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                    1,939,211     1,331,762  
 END OF PERIOD                                         $ 1,977,707   $ 1,939,211 
OTHER INFORMATION                                                                
SHARES                                                                           
 SOLD                                                   17,286        40,103     
 ISSUED IN REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS                913           2,601      
 REDEEMED                                               (25,113)      (23,706)   
 NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                                (6,914)       18,998     

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                   YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30,                                       

                                   1997                      1996      1995      1994      1993   

SELECTED PER-SHARE DATA                                                                           
NET ASSET VALUE,                   $ 26.37                   $ 24.41   $ 16.58   $ 19.63   $ 16.92
BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                                                               
INCOME FROM INVESTMENT                                                                            
OPERATIONS                                                                                        
 NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS)       (.17) C                   (.07) C   (.14) C   (.07) C   (.03) 
 NET REALIZED AND                   3.79                      3.10      7.99      .34       3.29  
 UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS)                                                                           
 TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS   3.62                      3.03      7.85      .27       3.26  
LESS DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                                
 FROM NET INVESTMENT INCOME         -                         -         -         -         (.02) 
 FROM NET REALIZED GAIN             (.32)                     (1.08)    (.04)     (3.33)    (.54) 
 TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                (.32)                     (1.08)    (.04)     (3.33)    (.56) 
REDEMPTION FEES ADDED               .01                       .01       .02       .01       .01   
TO PAID IN CAPITAL                                                                                
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD     $ 29.68                   $ 26.37   $ 24.41   $ 16.58   $ 19.63

TOTAL RETURN A, B                   13.98%                    13.27%    47.59%    1.27%     19.85%

RATIOS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                      
NET ASSETS, END OF PERIOD          $ 1,978                   $ 1,939   $ 1,332   $ 611     $ 634  
(IN MILLIONS)                                                                                     
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO                1.09%                     1.10%     1.10%     1.04%     1.20% 
AVERAGE NET ASSETS                                                                                
RATIO OF EXPENSES TO AVERAGE NET    1.05%                     1.09%     1.09%     1.02%     1.19% 
ASSETS AFTER EXPENSE REDUCTIONS    D                         D         D         D         D      
RATIO OF NET INVESTMENT INCOME      (.60)%                    (.31)%    (.66)%    (.41)%    (.20)%
(LOSS) TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS                                                                      
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER RATE             212%                      105%      102%      180%      332%  
AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE E          $ .0408                   $ .0405                              

I THE TOTAL RETURNS WOULD HAVE BEEN LOWER HAD CERTAIN EXPENSES NOT              
BEEN REDUCED DURING THE PERIODS SHOWN (SEE NOTE 6 OF NOTES TO                   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                                          
J TOTAL RETURNS DO NOT INCLUDE THE ONE TIME SALES CHARGE.                       
K NET INVESTMENT INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE HAS BEEN CALCULATED BASED ON           
AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING DURING THE PERIOD.                                   
L FMR OR THE FUND HAS ENTERED INTO VARYING ARRANGEMENTS WITH THIRD              
PARTIES WHO EITHER PAID OR REDUCED A PORTION OF THE FUND'S EXPENSES             
(SEE NOTE 6 OF NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS).                                  
M FOR FISCAL YEARS BEGINNING ON OR AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 1995, A FUND IS           
REQUIRED TO DISCLOSE ITS AVERAGE COMMISSION RATE PER SHARE FOR                  
SECURITY TRADES ON WHICH COMMISSIONS ARE CHARGED. THIS AMOUNT MAY VARY          
FROM PERIOD TO PERIOD AND FUND TO FUND DEPENDING ON THE MIX OF TRADES           
EXECUTED IN VARIOUS MARKETS WHERE TRADING PRACTICES AND COMMISSION              
RATE STRUCTURES MAY DIFFER.                                                     
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   
For the period ended November 30, 1997
6. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.                                             
Fidelity Emerging Growth Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt.              
Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an                   
unlimited number of shares. The trust is registered under the                   
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), as an                
open-end management investment company organized as a Massachusetts             
business trust. The financial statements have been prepared in                  
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles which permit           
management to make certain estimates and assumptions at the date of             
the financial statements. The following summarizes the significant              
accounting policies of the fund:                                                
SECURITY VALUATION. Securities for which exchange quotations are                
readily available are valued at the last sale price, or if no sale              
price, at the closing bid price. Securities for which exchange                  
quotations are not readily available (and in certain cases debt                 
securities which trade on an exchange) are valued primarily using               
dealer-supplied valuations or at their fair value as determined in              
good faith under consistently applied procedures under the general              
supervision of the Board of Trustees. Short-term securities with                
remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which quotations are             
not readily available are valued at amortized cost or original cost             
plus accrued interest, both of which approximate current value.                 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION. The accounting records of the fund are            
maintained in U.S. dollars. Investment securities and other assets and          
liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S.          
dollars at the prevailing rates of exchange at period end. Income               
receipts and expense payments are translated into U.S. dollars at the           
prevailing exchange rate on the respective dates of the transactions.           
Purchases and sales of securities are translated into U.S. dollars at           
the contractual currency exchange rates established at the time of              
each trade.                                                                     
Net realized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions                  
represent net gains and losses from sales and maturities of foreign             
currency contracts, disposition of foreign currencies, and the                  
difference between the amount of net investment income accrued and the          
U.S. dollar amount actually received. The effects of changes in                 
foreign currency exchange rates on investments in securities are                
included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss on                   
investment securities.                                                          
INCOME TAXES. As a qualified regulated investment company under                 
Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, the fund is not subject to           
income taxes to the extent that it distributes substantially all of             
its taxable income for its fiscal year. The schedule of investments             
includes information regarding income taxes under the caption "Income           
Tax Information."                                                               
INVESTMENT INCOME. Dividend income is recorded on the ex-dividend               
date, except certain dividends from foreign securities where the                
ex-dividend date may have passed, are recorded as soon as the fund is           
informed of the ex-dividend date. Non-cash dividends included in                
dividend income, if any, are recorded at the fair market value of the           
securities received. Interest income                                            
1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                  
INVESTMENT INCOME - CONTINUED                                                   
is accrued as earned. Investment income is recorded net of foreign              
taxes withheld where recovery of such taxes is uncertain.                       
EXPENSES. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a            
fund. Expenses which cannot be directly attributed are apportioned              
between the funds in the trust.                                                 
DISTRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS. Distributions are recorded on the                
ex-dividend date.                                                               
Income and capital gain distributions are determined in accordance              
with income tax regulations which may differ from generally accepted            
accounting principles. These differences, which may result in                   
distribution reclassifications, are primarily due to differing                  
treatments for litigation proceeds, net operating losses and losses             
deferred due to wash sales and excise tax regulations. The fund also            
utilized earnings and profits distributed to shareholders on                    
redemption of shares as a part of the dividends paid deduction for              
income tax purposes.                                                            
Permanent book and tax basis differences relating to shareholder                
distributions will result in reclassifications to paid in capital.              
Accumulated undistributed net realized gain (loss) on investments and           
foreign currency transactions may include temporary book and tax basis          
differences that will reverse in a subsequent period. Any taxable               
income or gain remaining at fiscal year end is distributed in the               
following year.                                                                 
REDEMPTION FEES. Shares held in the fund less than 90 days are subject          
to a redemption fee equal to .75% of the proceeds of the redeemed               
shares. The fee, which is retained by the fund, is accounted for as an          
addition to paid in capital.                                                    
SECURITY TRANSACTIONS. Security transactions are accounted for as of            
trade date. Gains and losses on securities sold are determined on the           
basis of identified cost.                                                       
7. OPERATING POLICIES.                                                          
FOREIGN CURRENCY CONTRACTS. The fund generally uses foreign currency            
contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign-denominated                     
securities. Losses may arise from changes in the value of the foreign           
currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts'           
terms. The U.S. dollar value of foreign currency contracts is                   
determined using contractual currency exchange rates established at             
the time of each trade. The cost of the foreign currency contracts is           
included in the cost basis of the associated investment.                        
JOINT TRADING ACCOUNT. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the             
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the fund, along with              
other affiliated entities of Fidelity Management & Research Company             
(FMR), may transfer uninvested cash balances into one or more joint             
trading accounts. These balances are invested in one or more                    
repurchase agreements for U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency obligations.          
REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS. The underlying U.S. Treasury or Federal Agency           
securities are transferred to an account of the fund, or to the Joint           
Trading Account, at a bank                                                      
2. OPERATING POLICIES - CONTINUED                                               
REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS - CONTINUED                                               
custodian. The securities are marked-to-market daily and maintained at          
a value at least equal to the principal amount of the repurchase                
agreement (including accrued interest). FMR, the fund's investment              
adviser, is responsible for determining that the value of the                   
underlying securities remains in accordance with the market value               
requirements stated above.                                                      
TAXABLE CENTRAL CASH FUND. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by             
the SEC, the fund may invest in the Taxable Central Cash Fund (the              
Cash Fund) managed by FMR Texas, Inc., an affiliate of FMR. The Cash            
Fund is an open-end money market fund available only to investment              
companies and other accounts managed by FMR and its affiliates. The             
Cash Fund seeks preservation of capital, liquidity, and current income          
by investing in U.S. Treasury securities and repurchase agreements for          
these securities. Income distributions from the Cash Fund are declared          
daily and paid monthly from net interest income. Income distributions           
received by the fund are recorded as interest income in the                     
accompanying financial statements.                                              
RESTRICTED SECURITIES. The fund is permitted to invest in securities            
that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale. These          
securities generally may be resold in transactions exempt from                  
registration or to the public if the securities are registered.                 
Disposal of these securities may involve time-consuming negotiations            
and expense, and prompt sale at an acceptable price may be difficult.           
At the end of the period, the fund had no investments in restricted             
securities (excluding 144A issues).                                             
8. PURCHASES AND SALES OF INVESTMENTS.                                          
Purchases and sales of securities, other than short-term securities,            
aggregated $3,823,838,000 and $4,178,273,000, respectively.                     
9. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES.                                 
MANAGEMENT FEE. As the fund's investment adviser, FMR receives a                
monthly basic fee that is calculated on the basis of a group fee rate           
plus a fixed individual fund fee rate applied to the average net                
assets of the fund. The group fee rate is the weighted average of a             
series of rates and is based on the monthly average net assets of all           
the mutual funds advised by FMR. The rates ranged from .2500% to                
.5200% for the period. The annual individual fund fee rate is .35%. In        
the event that these rates were lower than the contractual rates in             
effect during the period, FMR voluntarily implemented the above rates,          
as they resulted in the same or a lower management fee. The basic fee           
is subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of                      
(plus/minus).20% of the fund's average net assets over the performance          
period) based on the fund's investment performance as compared to               
4. FEES AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES - CONTINUED                      
MANAGEMENT FEE - CONTINUED                                                      
the appropriate index over a specified period of time. For the period,          
the management fee was equivalent to an annual rate of .77% of average          
net assets after the performance adjustment.                                    
SALES LOAD. For the period, Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC),            
an affiliate of FMR and the general distributor of the fund, received           
sales charges of $815,000 on sales of shares of the fund.                       
TRANSFER AGENT FEES. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an                   
affiliate of FMR, is the fund's transfer, dividend disbursing and               
shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset-based          
fees that vary according to account size and type of account. FSC pays          
for typesetting, printing and mailing of all shareholder reports,               
except proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were           
equivalent to an annual rate of .26% of average net assets.                     
ACCOUNTING FEES. FSC maintains the fund's accounting records. The fee           
is based on the level of average net assets for the month plus                  
out-of-pocket expenses.                                                         
BROKERAGE COMMISSIONS. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio               
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of FMR. The              
commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $648,000 for the                
period.                                                                         
10. BANK BORROWINGS.                                                            
The fund is permitted to have bank borrowings for temporary or                  
emergency purposes to fund shareholder redemptions. The fund has                
established borrowing arrangements with certain banks. Under the most           
restrictive arrangement, the fund must pledge to the bank securities            
having a market value in excess of 220% of the total bank borrowings.           
The interest rate on the borrowings is the bank's base rate, as                 
revised from time to time. The maximum loan and the average daily loan          
balances during the period for which loans were outstanding amounted            
to $20,357,000 and $16,918,000, respectively. The weighted average              
interest rate was 5.88%.                                                        
11. EXPENSE REDUCTIONS.                                                         
FMR has directed certain portfolio trades to brokers who paid a                 
portion of the fund's expenses. For the period, the fund's expenses             
were reduced by $592,000 under this arrangement.                                
In addition, the fund has entered into arrangements with its custodian          
and transfer agent whereby credits realized as a result of uninvested           
cash balances were used to reduce a portion of the fund's expenses.             
During the period, the fund's custodian and transfer agent fees were            
reduced by $15,000 and $47,000, respectively, under these                       
arrangements.                                                                   
12. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATED COMPANIES.                                     
An affiliated company is a company in which the fund has ownership of           
at least 5% of the voting securities. Transactions during the period            
with companies which are or were affiliates are as follows:                     
SUMMARY OF TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATED COMPANIES                               
AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS PURCHASE SALES DIVIDEND VALUE                              
AFFILIATE COST COST INCOME                                                      
Gadzooks, Inc.  $ 756 $ - $ - $ 13,101                                          
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS                                               

To the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and the                     
Shareholders of Fidelity Emerging Growth Fund:                                  
We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities            
of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity Emerging Growth Fund,             
including the schedule of portfolio investments, as of November 30,
1997, and the related statement of operations for the year then ended,          
the statement of changes in net assets for each of the two years in             
the period then ended and the financial highlights for each of the              
five years in the period then ended. These financial statements and             
financial highlights are the responsibility of the fund's management.           
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial                  
statements and financial highlights based on our audits.                        
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing          
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit           
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements           
and financial highlights are free of material misstatement. An audit            
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts            
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included            
confirmation of securities owned as of November 30, 1997 by                     
correspondence with the custodian and brokers. An audit also includes           
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates              
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial                 
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a                    
reasonable basis for our opinion.                                               
In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights               
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the                 
financial position of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust: Fidelity                
Emerging Growth Fund as of November 30, 1997, the results of its                
operations for the year then ended, the changes in its net assets for           
each of the two years in the period then ended, and the financial               
highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in              
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.                       
/s/COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P. 
Boston, Massachusetts                                                           
January 8, 1998
DISTRIBUTIONS                                                                   

The Board of Trustees of Fidelity Emerging Growth Fund voted to pay to          
shareholders of record at the opening of business on record date, the           
following distributions derived from capital gains realized from sales          
of portfolio securities:                                                        
PAY DATE RECORD DATE CAPITAL GAINS                                            
12/29/97 12/26/97 $6.00                                                       
1/5/98 1/2/98 $0.08                                                           

INVESTMENT ADVISER                                                              
Fidelity Management & Research Company                                          
Boston, MA                                                                      
INVESTMENT SUB-ADVISERS                                                         
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(U.K.) Inc., London, England                                                  
Fidelity Management & Research                                                  
(Far East) Inc., Tokyo, Japan                                                 
OFFICERS                                                                        
Edward C. Johnson 3d, President                                                 
Robert C. Pozen, Senior Vice President                                          
Abigail P. Johnson, Vice President                                              
Eric D. Roiter, Secretary                                                       
Richard A. Silver, Treasurer                                                    
John H. Costello, Assistant Treasurer                                           
Leonard M. Rush, Assistant Treasurer                                            
BOARD OF TRUSTEES                                                               
Ralph F. Cox *                                                                  
Phyllis Burke Davis *                                                           
Robert M. Gates *                                                               
Edward C. Johnson 3d                                                            
E. Bradley Jones *                                                              
Donald J. Kirk *                                                                
Peter S. Lynch                                                                  
Marvin L. Mann *                                                                
William O. McCoy *                                                              
Gerald C. McDonough *                                                           
Robert C. Pozen                                                                 
Thomas R. Williams *                                                            
ADVISORY BOARD                                                                  
J. Gary Burkhead                                                                
GENERAL DISTRIBUTOR                                                             
Fidelity Distributors Corporation                                               
Boston, MA                                                                      
TRANSFER AND SHAREHOLDER                                                        
SERVICING AGENT                                                                 
Fidelity Service Company, Inc.                                                  
Boston, MA                                                                      
* INDEPENDENT TRUSTEES                                                          
CUSTODIAN                                                                       
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co.                                                   
Boston, MA                                                                      
FIDELITY'S GROWTH FUNDS                                                         
Blue Chip Growth Fund                                                           
Capital Appreciation Fund                                                       
Contrafund                                                                      
Disciplined Equity Fund                                                         
Dividend Growth Fund                                                            
Emerging Growth Fund                                                            
Export and Multinational Fund                                                   
Fidelity Fifty                                                                  
Growth Company Fund                                                             
Large Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Low-Priced Stock Fund                                                           
Magellan(registered trademark) Fund                                             
Mid-Cap Stock Fund                                                              
New Millennium(registered trademark) Fund                                       
OTC Portfolio                                                                   
Retirement Growth Fund                                                          
Small Cap Stock Fund                                                            
Stock Selector                                                                  
TechnoQuant Growth Fund                                                         
SM                                                                              
Trend Fund                                                                      
Value Fund                                                                      
THE FIDELITY TELEPHONE CONNECTION                                               
MUTUAL FUND 24-HOUR SERVICE                                                     
Exchanges/Redemptions  1-800-544-7777                                           
Account Assistance 1-800-544-6666                                               
Product Information 1-800-544-8888                                              
Retirement Accounts 1-800-544-4774                                              
(8 a.m. - 9 p.m.)                                                             
TDD Service 1-800-544-0118                                                      
for the deaf and hearing impaired                                             
(9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern time)                                                
(registered trademark)                                                          
TouchTone Xpress  1-800-544-5555                                                
SM                                                                              
AUTOMATED LINE FOR QUICKEST SERVICE                                           
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘N-30D’ Filing    Date    Other FilingsFiled on:1/20/981/8/98For Period End:11/30/9724F-2NT,  NSAR-B5/31/97N-30D,  NSAR-A1/1/9712/31/9612/1/965/15/9613F-E9/1/9511/30/9324F-2NT,  N-30B-2,  NSAR-B12/28/92 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000225323-98-000006   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 17:32:33.1 GMT 





SEC Info - Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust - ‘N-CSR’ for 11/30/05










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust – ‘N-CSR’ for 11/30/05On:  Thursday, 1/26/06, at 12:19pm ET   ·   Effective:  1/26/06   ·   For:  11/30/05   ·   Accession #:  278001-6-9   ·   File #:  811-03583
Previous ‘N-CSR’:  ‘N-CSR’ on 1/27/05 for 11/30/04   ·   Next:  ‘N-CSR’ on 1/29/07 for 11/30/06   ·   Latest:  ‘N-CSR’ on 1/25/17 for 11/30/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/26/06  Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust   N-CSR      11/30/05    4:1.7M                                   Fidelity Phillips St..TrF-->Certified Annual Shareholder Report of a Management Investment Company   —   Form N-CSRFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-CSR       Certified Annual Shareholder Report of a            HTML   1.26M 
                          Management Investment Company                          
 3: EX-99.906 CERT  Miscellaneous Exhibit                           HTML      7K 
 2: EX-99.CERT  Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     15K 
 4: EX-99.CODE ETH  Miscellaneous Exhibit                           HTML     15K 

D-->N-CSR   —   Certified Annual Shareholder Report of a Management Investment Company
H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM N-CSR

CERTIFIED SHAREHOLDER REPORT OF REGISTERED

MANAGEMENT INVESTMENT COMPANIES

Investment Company Act file number  811-3583 

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

82 Devonshire St., Boston, Massachusetts 02109
  (Address of principal executive offices)  (Zip code)

Eric D. Roiter, Secretary

82 Devonshire St.

Boston, Massachusetts 02109
(Name and address of agent for service)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  617-563-7000




Date of fiscal year end:



November 30















Date of reporting period:



November 30, 2005




Item 1.  Reports to Stockholders






Fidelity®
Aggressive Growth
Fund


 
Annual Report
November 30, 2005









Contents  
  
  
  
  

  

Chairman’s Message  
  
4  
  
Ned Johnson’s
  message to shareholders.  

Performance  
  
5  
  
How the fund has
  done over time.  

Management’s Discussion  
  
6  
  
The manager’s
  review of fund  

  
  
  
  
performance,
  strategy and outlook.  

Shareholder Expense  
  
7  
  
An example of
  shareholder expenses.  

Example  
  
  
  
  

Investment Changes  
  
8  
  
A summary of
  major shifts in the fund’s  

  
  
  
  
investments over
  the past six months.  

Investments  
  
9  
  
A complete list
  of the fund’s investments  

  
  
  
  
with their
  market values.  

Financial Statements  
  
16  
  
Statements of
  assets and liabilities,  

  
  
  
  
operations, and
  changes in net assets,  

  
  
  
  
as well as
  financial highlights.  

Notes  
  
20  
  
Notes to the
  financial statements.  

Report of Independent  
  
26  
  
  

Registered Public  
  
  
  
  

Accounting Firm  
  
  
  
  

Trustees and Officers  
  
27  
  
  

Board Approval of  
  
37  
  
  

Investment Advisory  
  
  
  
  

Contracts and  
  
  
  
  

Management Fees  
  
  
  
 




 
To view a fund’s proxy voting guidelines and proxy voting
  record for the 12 month periodended June 30, visit
  www.fidelity.com/proxyvotingresults or visit the Securities and
  ExchangeCommission’s (SEC) web site at www.sec.gov. You may also call
  1-800-544-8544 to request a freecopy of the proxy voting
  guidelines.Standard & Poor’s, S&P and S&P 500 are
  registered service marks of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. and
  have been licensed for use by Fidelity Distributors
  Corporation.Other third party marks appearing herein are the property
  of their respective owners.All other marks appearing herein
  are registered or unregistered trademarks or service marksof FMR Corp. or
  an affiliated company.
Annual Report 2




This report and the financial statements contained herein are
  submitted for the general informationof the
  shareholders of the fund. This report is not authorized for distribution
  to prospective investorsin the fund unless preceded or
  accompanied by an effective prospectus.A fund files its
  complete schedule of portfolio holdings with the SEC for the first and
  thirdquarters of each fiscal year on Form N Q. Forms N Q are
  available on the SEC’s web site athttp://www.sec.gov. A fund’s Forms N Q may be
  reviewed and copied at the SEC’s Public ReferenceRoom in
  Washington, DC. Information regarding the operation of the SEC’s Public
  ReferenceRoom may be obtained by calling
  1-800-SEC-0330. For a complete list of a fund’s
  portfolioholdings, view the most recent
  quarterly holdings report, semiannual report, or annual
  reporton Fidelity’s web site at
  http://www.fidelity.com/holdings.NOT FDIC INSURED · MAY LOSE VALUE · NO BANK
  GUARANTEENeither the fund nor Fidelity
  Distributors Corporation is a bank.
3 Annual Report

Chairman’s Message
(photograph of Edward C. Johnson 3d)Dear
Shareholder:
During the past year or so, much has been reported about the mutual
fund industry, and much of it has been more critical than I believe is
warranted. Allegations that some companies have been less than forthright with
their shareholders have cast a shadow on the entire industry. I continue to find
these reports disturbing, and assert that they do not create an accurate picture
of the industry overall. Therefore, I would like to remind every one where
Fidelity stands on these issues. I will say two things specifically regarding
allegations that some mutual fund companies were in violation of the Securities
and Exchange Commission’s forward pricing rules or were involved in so called
“market timing” activities.
First, Fidelity has no agreements that permit customers who buy
fund shares after 4 p.m. to obtain the 4 p.m. price. This is not a new policy.
This is not to say that some one could not deceive the company through
fraudulent acts. However, we are extremely diligent in preventing fraud from
occurring in this manner and in every other. But I underscore again that Fidelity has no
so called “agreements” that sanction illegal practices.
Second, Fidelity continues to stand on record, as we have for
years, in opposition to predatory short term trading that adversely affects
shareholders in a mutual fund. Back in the 1980s, we initiated a
fee which is returned to the fund and, therefore, to investors to
discourage this activity. Further, we took the lead several years ago in
developing a Fair Value Pricing Policy to prevent market timing on foreign
securities in our funds. I am confident we will find other ways to make it more
difficult for predatory traders to operate. However, this will only be achieved
through close cooperation among regulators, legislators and the
industry.
Yes, there have been unfortunate instances of unethical and illegal
activity within the mutual fund industry from time to time. That is true of any
industry. When this occurs, confessed or convicted offenders should be dealt
with appropriately. But we are still concerned about the risk of over regulation
and the quick application of simplistic solutions to intricate problems. Every
system can be improved, and we support and applaud well thought out improvements
by regulators, legislators and industry representatives that achieve the common
goal of building and protecting the value of investors’ holdings. For
nearly 60 years, Fidelity has worked very hard to improve its products and
service to justify your trust. When our family founded this company in 1946, we
had only a few hundred customers. Today, we serve more than 18 million customers
including individual investors and participants in retirement plans across
America. Let me close by saying that we do not take your trust in us for
granted, and we realize that we must always work to improve all aspects of our
service to you. In turn, we urge you to continue your active participation with
your financial matters, so that your interests can be well served. Best
regards,
/s/ Edward C. Johnson 3dEdward C. Johnson 3d
Annual Report 4

Performance: The Bottom Line
Average annual total return reflects the change in the value of an
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund’s dividend income and capital
gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that have grown in value)
and assuming a constant rate of perfor mance each year. The $10,000 table and
the fund’s returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder
would pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares. During periods
of reimbursement by Fidelity, a fund’s total return will be greater than it
would be had the reimbursement not occurred. How a fund did yesterday is no
guarantee of how it will do tomorrow.


Average Annual Total Returns  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Periods ended November 30, 2005  
  
Past 1  
  
Past 5  
  
Past 10  

  
  
year  
  
years  
  
years  

Fidelity® Aggressive Growth Fund  
  
9.59%  
  
12.54%  
  
3.00%  

  

  

$10,000 Over 10 Years  
  
  
  
  
  
 

Let’s say hypothetically that $10,000 was invested in
Fidelity®
Aggressive Growth Fund on November 30, 1995. The chart shows how
the value of your investment would have changed, and also shows how the Russell
Midcap®
Growth
Index performed over the same period.

5 Annual Report
5


Management’s Discussion of Fund Performance

Comments from Steven Calhoun, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity® Aggressive Growth Fund

Numerous events unfolded during the 12 month period ending November 30, 2005, that were major influences on the U.S. equity markets. Issues exerting downward pressure on stocks included
higher levels of inflation, eight short term interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve Board, exorbitant energy prices, and a Category 4 hurricane that devas tated both the city of New Orleans and several nearby oil production and refinery
facilities. Grabbing most of the markets’ upbeat headlines was consistent strength in consumer spending, corporate earnings and gross domestic product (GDP). When all was said and done, investors demonstrated their conviction in the economy,
pushing stocks higher across the board. By period end, the Standard & Poor’s 500SM Index, the NASDAQ Composite® Index and the Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM approached or exceeded four and a half year highs. For the 12 months overall, the S&P 500® was up 8.44%, the NASDAQ® rose 7.28% and the Dow advanced 6.07%, threatening to eclipse the 11,000 threshold for the first time since 2001.

For the 12 months ending November 30, 2005, the fund returned 9.59%, well behind the 16.20% return of the Russell Midcap® Growth Index and the 13.30% gain of the LipperSM Mid Cap Funds Average. Most of the underperformance versus the index occurred during the first half of the period, when several holdings in the pharmaceuticals and biotechnol ogy group  particularly
Biogen Idec and Ireland based Elan  suffered steep declines. Questions about the safety of the companies’ jointly developed multiple sclerosis drug, Tysabri, and its voluntary withdrawal from the market early in 2005 hurt both stocks. I sold
Elan and Biogen Idec shortly after taking over the fund in June. Elsewhere, Chinese online gaming stock Shanda Interactive Entertainment was one of my picks that didn’t work out. On the plus side, biotechnology bellwether Genentech was by far
the fund’s top contributor in both absolute terms and compared with the index. Positive test results for a number of the company’s drugs fueled a strong advance in its stock, and I liquidated the position to lock in profits. Internet
search engine Google was another strong contributor, its stock price lifted by several upward revisions in earnings growth and the company’s increasing share of the rapidly growing paid search market.

The views expressed in this statement reflect those of the portfolio manager only through the end of the period of the report as stated on the cover and do not necessarily represent
the views of Fidelity or any other person in the Fidelity organization. Any such views are subject to change at any time based upon market or other conditions and Fidelity disclaims any responsibility to update such views. These views may not be
relied on as investment advice and, because investment decisions for a Fidelity fund are based on numerous factors, may not be relied on as an indication of trading intent on behalf of any Fidelity fund.


Annual Report



6 6


Shareholder Expense Example
As
a shareholder of the Fund, you incur two types of costs: (1) transaction costs,
including redemption fees, and (2) ongoing costs, including management fees and
other Fund ex penses. This Example is intended to help you understand your
ongoing costs (in dollars) of investing in the Fund and to compare these costs
with the ongoing costs of investing in other mutual funds.
The Example is based on an investment of $1,000 invested at the
beginning of the period and held for the entire period (June 1, 2005 to November
30, 2005).
Actual Expenses
The first line of the table below provides information about actual
account values and actual expenses. You may use the information in this line,
together with the amount you invested, to estimate the expenses that you paid
over the period. Simply divide your account value by $1,000.00 (for example, an
$8,600 account value divided by $1,000.00 = 8.6), then multiply the result by
the number in the first line under the heading entitled “Expenses Paid During
Period” to estimate the expenses you paid on your account during this period. A
small balance maintenance fee of $12.00 that is charged once a year may apply
for certain accounts with a value of less than $2,000. This fee is not included
in the table below. If it was, the estimate of expenses you paid during the
period would be higher, and your ending account value lower, by this
amount.
Hypothetical Example for Comparison Purposes
The second line of the table below provides information about
hypothetical account values and hypothetical expenses based on the Fund’s actual
expense ratio and an assumed rate of return of 5% per year before expenses,
which is not the Fund’s actual return. The hypotheti cal account values and
expenses may not be used to estimate the actual ending account balance or
expenses you paid for the period. You may use this information to compare the
ongoing costs of investing in the Fund and other funds. To do so, compare this
5% hypotheti cal example with the 5% hypothetical examples that appear in the
shareholder reports of the other funds. A small balance maintenance fee of
$12.00 that is charged once a year may apply for certain accounts with a value
of less than $2,000. This fee is not included in the table below. If it was, the
estimate of expenses you paid during the period would be higher, and your ending
account value lower, by this amount.
Please note that the expenses shown in the table are meant to
highlight your ongoing costs only and do not reflect any transaction costs.
Therefore, the second line of the table is useful in comparing ongoing costs
only, and will not help you determine the relative total costs of owning
different funds. In addition, if these transactional costs were included, your
costs would have been higher.


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expenses Paid  

  
  
  
  
Beginning  
  
Ending  
  
  
  
During Period*  

  
  
  
  
Account Value  
  
Account Value  
  
  
  
June 1, 2005 to  

  
  
  
  
June 1, 2005  
  
November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
November 30, 2005  

Actual  
  
$  
  
 
         1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
1,089.80  
  
$ 
  
  
4.14  

Hypothetical (5%
  return per  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

year before
  expenses)  
  
$  
  
 
         1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
1,021.11  
  
$ 
  
  
4.00 

*
Expenses are equal to the Fund’s annualized expense ratio of .79%;
multiplied by the average account value over the period, multiplied by 183/365
(to reflect the one half year period).
7 Annual Report



Investment Changes  
  
  
  
  

  

  

 Top Ten Stocks as of
  November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

St. Jude
  Medical, Inc.  
  
3.3 
  
  
0.0 
  

KB
  Home  
  
2.6 
  
  
0.0 
  

Potash Corp. of
  Saskatchewan  
  
2.5 
  
  
0.6 
  

D.R. Horton,
  Inc.  
  
2.2 
  
  
0.0 
  

Abercrombie
  & Fitch Co. Class A  
  
2.1 
  
  
0.4 
  

INAMED
  Corp.  
  
2.0 
  
  
0.0 
  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.)  
  
2.0 
  
  
0.7 
  

Ameritrade
  Holding Corp.  
  
2.0 
  
  
0.3 
  

Urban
  Outfitters, Inc.  
  
2.0 
  
  
0.0 
  

Whole Foods
  Market, Inc.  
  
2.0  
  
0.4 
  

  
  
22.7  
  
  

 Top Five Market Sectors as
  of November 30, 2005  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

Health
  Care  
  
31.5  
  
29.5  

Information
  Technology  
  
20.2  
  
27.5  

Consumer
  Discretionary  
  
15.3  
  
17.1  

Energy  
  
11.3  
  
7.3 
  

Materials  
  
7.6 
  
  
3.2 
   
Annual Report 8



Investments November  30,
  2005  
  
  

Showing
  Percentage of Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  98.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY – 15.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 2.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Kerzner
  International Ltd. (a)  
  
204,000  
  
$  
  
13,262  

Penn National
  Gaming, Inc. (a)  
  
1,566,851  
  
  
  
51,972  

Station Casinos,
  Inc.  
  
689,700  
  
  
  
47,824  

  
  
  
  
  
  
113,058  

Household Durables – 4.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

D.R. Horton,
  Inc.  
  
2,639,139  
  
  
  
93,531  

KB
  Home  
  
1,628,700  
  
  
  
113,634  

  
  
  
  
  
  
207,165  

Media – 1.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Getty Images,
  Inc. (a)  
  
522,200  
  
  
  
47,672  

Specialty Retail – 6.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Abercrombie
  & Fitch Co. Class A  
  
1,485,700  
  
  
  
91,103  

Best Buy Co.,
  Inc.  
  
1,469,800  
  
  
  
70,903  

Tiffany &
  Co., Inc.  
  
1,105,800  
  
  
  
45,006  

Urban
  Outfitters, Inc. (a)  
  
2,847,700  
  
  
  
87,880  

  
  
  
  
  
  
294,892  

  

 
   TOTAL CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY  
  
  
  
  
  
662,787  

  

CONSUMER STAPLES 2.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Food & Staples Retailing – 2.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Whole Foods
  Market, Inc.  
  
596,100  
  
  
  
87,794  

  

ENERGY 11.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Energy Equipment & Services – 4.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Baker Hughes,
  Inc.  
  
813,400  
  
  
  
46,648  

ENSCO
  International, Inc.  
  
986,900  
  
  
  
46,740  

Halliburton
  Co.  
  
766,400  
  
  
  
48,781  

Weatherford
  International Ltd. (a)  
  
715,305  
  
  
  
49,721  

  
  
  
  
  
  
191,890  

Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels – 6.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Arch Coal, Inc.
  (d)  
  
589,000  
  
  
  
45,377  

Chesapeake
  Energy Corp.  
  
1,529,700  
  
  
  
44,285  

EOG Resources,
  Inc.  
  
928,100  
  
  
  
66,591  

Peabody Energy
  Corp.  
  
556,200  
  
  
  
43,862  

  

  

  

  

See accompanying notes which are an integral
  part of the financial statements.  
  
  
  
  

  

 
                     
                     
                     
                     
         9  
  
  
  
Annual Report  



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
 
   Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
  (000s)  

  

ENERGY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels – continued 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Range Resources
  Corp.  
  
1,307,400  
  
$ 
  
  
48,688  

Ultra Petroleum
  Corp. (a)  
  
888,500  
  
  
  
47,784  

  
  
  
  
  
  
296,587  

  

TOTAL
  ENERGY  
  
  
  
  
  
488,477  

  

FINANCIALS – 2.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Capital Markets 2.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Ameritrade
  Holding Corp. (a)  
  
3,799,139  
  
  
  
88,748  

Diversified Financial Services – 0.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Indiabulls
  Financial Services Ltd.  
  
375,342  
  
  
  
1,348  

Indiabulls
  Financial Services Ltd. GDR (f)  
  
1,245,356  
  
  
  
4,471  

IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  
  
680,100  
  
  
  
21,967  

  
  
  
  
  
  
27,786  

Real Estate 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Sinochem Hong
  Kong Holding Ltd. (a)  
  
19,990,600  
  
  
  
3,480  

  

TOTAL
  FINANCIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
120,014  

  

HEALTH CARE – 31.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology – 6.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Alnylam
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
1,593,100  
  
  
  
20,009  

Amgen, Inc.
  (a)  
  
789,600  
  
  
  
63,902  

Celgene Corp.
  (a)  
  
1,224,300  
  
  
  
74,584  

Martek
  Biosciences (a)(d)(e)  
  
1,727,300  
  
  
  
45,273  

MedImmune, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,264,000  
  
  
  
45,390  

Protein Design
  Labs, Inc. (a)  
  
1,602,200  
  
  
  
44,621  

  
  
  
  
  
  
293,779  

Health Care Equipment & Supplies – 16.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Alcon,
  Inc.  
  
311,700  
  
  
  
43,700  

American Medical
  Systems Holdings, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
4,734,300  
  
  
  
87,111  

China Medical
  Technologies, Inc. sponsored ADR (d)  
  
359,800  
  
  
  
11,237  

Cyberonics, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
2,506,400  
  
  
  
70,706  

INAMED Corp.
  (a)  
  
1,062,500  
  
  
  
89,080  

Integra
  LifeSciences Holdings Corp. (a)  
  
1,283,200  
  
  
  
46,888  

Kyphon, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,001,200  
  
  
  
42,541  

Mentor Corp.
  (d)  
  
1,412,000  
  
  
  
68,821  

NeuroMetrix,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
701,100  
  
  
  
21,797  

NuVasive, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
2,206,640  
  
  
  
37,954 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



10



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

HEALTH CARE – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Health Care Equipment & Supplies –
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ResMed, Inc.
  (a)  
  
131,200  
  
$ 
  
  
5,353  

St. Jude
  Medical, Inc. (a)  
  
2,961,200  
  
  
  
141,457  

Ventana Medical
  Systems, Inc. (a)  
  
1,579,677  
  
  
  
60,833  

  
  
  
  
  
  
727,478  

Health Care Providers & Services – 4.6% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Caremark Rx,
  Inc. (a)  
  
888,500  
  
  
  
45,660  

Covance, Inc.
  (a)  
  
949,200  
  
  
  
45,125  

Humana, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,467,300  
  
  
  
67,246  

Sierra Health
  Services, Inc. (a)  
  
553,000  
  
  
  
43,256  

  
  
  
  
  
  
201,287  

Pharmaceuticals – 3.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Allergan,
  Inc.  
  
564,450  
  
  
  
56,445  

Medicis
  Pharmaceutical Corp. Class A (d)  
  
1,431,300  
  
  
  
45,673  

Sepracor, Inc.
  (a)  
  
781,900  
  
  
  
42,989  

  
  
  
  
  
  
145,107  

  

TOTAL HEALTH
  CARE  
  
  
  
  
  
1,367,651  

  

INDUSTRIALS – 7.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Air
  Freight & Logistics – 2.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Expeditors
  International of Washington, Inc.  
  
995,000  
  
  
  
70,655  

UTI Worldwide,
  Inc.  
  
488,708  
  
  
  
47,546  

  
  
  
  
  
  
118,201  

Commercial Services & Supplies – 1.2% 

  
  
  
  
  
  

Stericycle, Inc.
  (a)  
  
824,308  
  
  
  
50,547  

Construction & Engineering – 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Quanta Services,
  Inc. (a)(d)  
  
3,607,400  
  
  
  
51,045  

Electrical Equipment – 1.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

AMETEK,
  Inc.  
  
1,054,100  
  
  
  
44,915  

Machinery – 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Deere &
  Co.  
  
740,100  
  
  
  
51,326  

  

TOTAL
  INDUSTRIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
316,034  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – 20.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – 4.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ADC
  Telecommunications, Inc. (a)  
  
2,972,600  
  
  
  
60,730  

Comverse
  Technology, Inc. (a)  
  
2,491,562  
  
  
  
65,304 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
11 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Corning, Inc.
  (a)  
  
651,230  
  
$ 
  
  
13,187  

Ixia
  (a)(e)  
  
3,733,704  
  
  
  
51,450  

  
  
  
  
  
  
190,671  

Computers & Peripherals – 1.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Sun
  Microsystems, Inc. (a)  
  
11,849,800  
  
  
  
44,674  

Internet Software & Services – 3.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.) (a)  
  
219,190  
  
  
  
88,770  

VeriSign, Inc.
  (a)  
  
2,073,400  
  
  
  
46,092  

  
  
  
  
  
  
134,862  

Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment –
  6.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ARM Holdings PLC
  sponsored ADR  
  
7,900,300  
  
  
  
49,693  

ASML Holding NV
  (NY Shares) (a)  
  
3,903,400  
  
  
  
74,789  

Microchip
  Technology, Inc.  
  
1,856,863  
  
  
  
61,945  

National
  Semiconductor Corp.  
  
1,867,500  
  
  
  
48,331  

PMC-Sierra, Inc.
  (a)  
  
3,601,372  
  
  
  
28,343  

  
  
  
  
  
  
263,101  

Software 5.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Activision, Inc.
  (a)  
  
3,299,933  
  
  
  
43,922  

Citrix Systems,
  Inc. (a)  
  
1,574,100  
  
  
  
42,721  

Cognos, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,328,700  
  
  
  
44,425  

Hyperion
  Solutions Corp. (a)  
  
907,344  
  
  
  
48,044  

Shanda
  Interactive Entertainment Ltd. sponsored ADR (a)(d)  
  
3,711,300  
  
  
  
63,426  

  
  
  
  
  
  
242,538  

  

 
   TOTAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
  
  
  
  
  
875,846  

  

MATERIALS 7.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chemicals – 6.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Agrium,
  Inc.  
  
4,277,200  
  
  
  
87,124  

Monsanto
  Co.  
  
1,191,200  
  
  
  
87,279  

Potash Corp. of
  Saskatchewan  
  
1,488,622  
  
  
  
108,451  

  
  
  
  
  
  
282,854  

Construction Materials 1.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Martin Marietta
  Materials, Inc.  
  
616,700  
  
  
  
46,320  

  

 
   TOTAL MATERIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
329,174  

  

TOTAL COMMON STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $4,042,053)  
  
  
  
  
  
4,247,777  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



12



Convertible Preferred Stocks 
  0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chorum
  Technologies, Inc. Series E (a)(g)  
  
  
  
96,800  
  
$ 
  
  
0  

Procket
  Networks, Inc. Series C (a)(g)  
  
  
  
1,544,677  
  
  
  
0  

TOTAL CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
  STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $16,707)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0  

  

Money Market Funds 4.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

Fidelity Cash
  Central Fund, 4.08% (b)  
  
  
  
59,822,950  
  
  
  
59,823  

Fidelity Securities Lending Cash Central Fund, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   4.09% (b)(c)  
  
  
  
118,090,525  
  
  
  
118,091  

TOTAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $177,914)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
177,914  

  

TOTAL INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
  102.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $4,236,674)  
  
  
  
  
  
4,425,691  

  

NET
  OTHER ASSETS – (2.1)%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(91,210)  

NET
  ASSETS 100%  
  
  
  
  
  
$

4,334,481 



Legend(a) Non-income
  producing(b) Affiliated fund that is available only
  toinvestment companies and otheraccounts managed
  by FidelityInvestments. The rate quoted is theannualized
  seven-day yield of the fundat period end. A complete
  unauditedlisting of the fund’s holdings as of itsmost recent
  quarter end is availableupon request.(c)
  Investment made with cash collateralreceived from securities on
  loan.(d) Security or a portion of the security is
  onloan at period end.(e) Affiliated
  company



(f) Security exempt from registration underRule 144A of the
  Securities Act of 1933.These securities may be resold
  intransactions exempt from registration,normally to
  qualified institutional buyers.At the period end, the value of
  thesesecurities amounted to $4,471,000 or0.1% of net
  assets.(g) Restricted securities – Investment insecurities not
  registered under theSecurities Act of 1933 (excluding
  144Aissues). At the end of the period, thevalue of
  restricted securities (excluding144A issues) amounted to $0 or 0.0%
  ofnet assets.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
13 Annual Report

Investments continued
Additional information on each holding is as follows:


  
  
Acquisition  
  
Acquisition  

Security  
  
Date  
  
Cost (000s)

Chorum  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Technologies,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Series
  E  
  
9/19/00  
  
$ 
  
  
1,669  

  

Procket
  Networks,  
  
11/15/00  
  
  
  
  

Inc. Series
  C  
  
2/9/01  
  
$ 
  
  
15,255 
  
Affiliated Central Funds
Information regarding income received by the fund from the
affiliated Central funds during the period is as follows:


Fund  
  
  
  
Income
  received  

  
  
  
  
(Amounts
  in  

  
  
  
  
thousands)  

Fidelity Cash Central
  Fund  
  
  
$
1,207  

Fidelity Securities Lending Cash
  Central Fund  
  
  
  
2,082  

Total  
  
  
$
3,289 

Other Affiliated Issuers
An
affiliated company is a company in which the fund has ownership of at least 5%
of the voting securities. Transactions during the period with companies which
are or were affiliates are as follows:


  
  
  
  
Value,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Affiliates  
  


beginning of
  
  
  
  
  
Sales  
  
  
  
Dividend  
  
Value,  

(Amounts in thousands)  
  
  
  
period  
  
Purchases  
  
  
  
Proceeds  
  
  
  
Income  
  
end
  of period  

Alnylam
  Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
$ 
  
  
— 
  
$ 20,863  
  
$ 
  
  
510  
  
$ 
  
  
— 
  
$ 20,009  

American Medical
  Systems  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    Holdings,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
  —
  
92,935  
  
  
  
  —
  
  
  
  —
  
87,111  

Cyberonics,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
1,356  
  
104,923  
  
  
  
1,364  
  
  
  
  —
  
70,706  

Integra
  LifeSciences  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Holdings Corp.  
  
  
  
  —
  
47,757  
  
  
  
10,750  
  
  
  
  —
  
  —

Ixia  
  
  
  
— 
  
66,591  
  
  
  
919  
  
  
  
— 
  
51,450  

Martek
  Biosciences  
  
  
  
— 
  
50,661  
  
  
  
— 
  
  
  
— 
  
45,273  

NeuroMetrix,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
— 
  
19,766  
  
  
  
— 
  
  
  
— 
  
21,797  

NuVasive,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
37,916  
  
  
  
— 
  
  
  
— 
  
37,954  

Total  
  
$ 
  
  
1,356  
  
$ 441,412  
  
$ 
  
  
13,543  
  
$ 
  
  
— 
  
$ 334,300 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
Annual Report 14


Other Information

Distribution of investments by country of issue, as a percentage of total net assets, is as follows:



United States of America 
  

   

86.1% 
  



Canada 
  

   

6.6% 
  



Netherlands 
  

   

1.7% 
  



China 
  

   

1.5% 
  



United Kingdom 
  

   

1.2% 
  



British Virgin Islands 
  

   

1.1% 
  



Switzerland 
  

   

1.0% 
  



Others (individually less than 1%) . 
  

   

0.8% 
  



 
  

   

100.0% 
  



Income Tax Information

At November 30, 2005, the fund had a capital loss carryforward of approximately $12,112,847,000 of which $6,985,367,000, $3,237,199,000 and $1,890,281,000 will expire on
November 30, 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively.

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial statements.

15 Annual Report




Financial Statements 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



 
  



 
  



  Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Amounts in thousands (except per share amount) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

November 30, 2005 
  



 
  



  Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Investment in securities, at value (including securities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      loaned of $113,704) See accompanying 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      schedule: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      Unaffiliated issuers (cost $3,666,623) 
  

   

$ 
  

   

3,913,477 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      Affiliated Central Funds (cost $177,914) 
  

   

 
  

   

177,914 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      Other affiliated issuers (cost $392,137) 
  

   

 
  

   

334,300 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Total Investments (cost $4,236,674) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

4,425,691 
  



  Receivable for investments sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

123,619 
  



  Receivable for fund shares sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

2,789 
  



  Dividends receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

1,097 
  



  Interest receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

290 
  



  Prepaid expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

24 
  



  Other affiliated receivables 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

46 
  



  Other receivables 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

794 
  



      Total assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

4,554,350 
  



 
  



  Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Payable for investments purchased 
  

   

$ 
  

   

78,796 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Payable for fund shares redeemed 
  

   

 
  

   

20,031 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Accrued management fee 
  

   

 
  

   

1,468 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Other affiliated payables 
  

   

 
  

   

1,414 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Other payables and accrued expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

69 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Collateral on securities loaned, at value 
  

   

 
  

   

118,091 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      Total liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

219,869 
  



 
  



  Net Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

4,334,481 
  



  Net Assets consist of: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



  Paid in capital 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

16,263,844 
  



  Accumulated net investment loss 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(108) 
  



  Accumulated undistributed net realized gain (loss) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      investments and foreign currency transactions 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(12,118,273) 
  



  Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      investments and assets and liabilities in foreign 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      currencies 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

189,018 
  



  Net Assets, for 247,977 shares outstanding 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

4,334,481 
  



  Net Asset Value, offering price and redemption price 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



      per share ($4,334,481 ÷ 247,977 shares) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

17.48 
  



See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial statements.


Annual Report



16




Statement of Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Amounts in thousands  
  
  
  
Year ended November 30, 2005  

  

Investment Income  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Dividends  
  
  
  
$  
  
20,355  

Special
  dividends  
  
  
  
  
  
2,766  

Interest  
  
  
  
  
  
41  

Income from
  affiliated Central Funds (including $2,082  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   from
  security lending)  
  
  
  
  
  
3,289  

 
   Total income  
  
  
  
  
  
26,451  

  

Expenses  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Management
  fee  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Basic fee  
  
$ 
  
  
27,994  
  
  

 
   Performance adjustment  
  
  
  
(9,239)  
  
  

Transfer agent
  fees  
  
  
  
15,444  
  
  

Accounting and
  security lending fees  
  
  
  
1,052  
  
  

Independent
  trustees’ compensation  
  
  
  
21  
  
  

Appreciation in
  deferred trustee compensation account  
  
  
  
10  
  
  

Custodian fees
  and expenses  
  
  
  
124  
  
  

Registration
  fees  
  
  
  
31  
  
  

Audit  
  
  
  
81  
  
  

Legal  
  
  
  
28  
  
  

Interest  
  
  
  
17  
  
  

Miscellaneous  
  
  
  
35  
  
  

 
   Total expenses before reductions  
  
  
  
35,598  
  
  

 
   Expense reductions  
  
  
  
(3,937)  
  
31,661  

  

Net
  investment income (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
(5,210)  

Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Net realized
  gain (loss) on:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Investment securities:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

       Unaffiliated
  issuers  
  
  
  
837,464  
  
  

 
     Other affiliated issuers  
  
  
  
416  
  
  

 
   Foreign currency transactions  
  
  
  
(104)  
  
  

Total net
  realized gain (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
837,776  

Change in net
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation)  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   on:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Investment Securitites  
  
  
  
(432,565)  
  
  

 
   Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies  
  
  
  
(3)  
  
  

Total change in
  net unrealized appreciation  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   (depreciation)  
  
  
  
  
  
(432,568)  

Net
  gain (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
405,208  

Net
  increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   operations  
  
  
  
$  
  
399,998 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
17 Annual Report



Financial Statements continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Statement of Changes in Net
  Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
Year ended  
  
  
  
Year ended  

  
  
  
  
November 30,  
  
  
  
November 30,  

 Amounts in thousands  
  
  
  
2005  
  
  
  
2004  

 Increase (Decrease) in Net
  Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Net investment income (loss)  
  
$ 
  
  
(5,210)  
  
$ 
  
  
(18,214)  

 
     Net realized gain (loss)  
  
  
  
837,776  
  
  
  
483,050  

 
     Change in net unrealized appreciation  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
         (depreciation)  
  
  
  
(432,568)  
  
  
  
(37,246)  

 
     Net increase (decrease) in net assets
  resulting  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
         from
  operations  
  
  
  
399,998  
  
  
  
427,590  

 Share transactions  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Proceeds from sales of shares  
  
  
  
536,260  
  
  
  
893,036  

 
     Cost of shares redeemed  
  
  
  
(1,573,618)  
  
  
  
(1,584,050)  

 
     Net increase (decrease) in net assets
  resulting  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
         from share
  transactions  
  
  
  
(1,037,358)  
  
  
  
(691,014)  

 Redemption fees  
  
  
  
646  
  
  
  
1,164  

 
     Total increase (decrease) in net
  assets  
  
  
  
(636,714)  
  
  
  
(262,260)  

  

 Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Beginning of period  
  
  
  
4,971,195  
  
  
  
5,233,455  

 
     End of period (including accumulated net invest- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
         ment loss of $108 and accumulated net
  invest-  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
         ment loss of $88,
  respectively)  
  
$ 
  
  
4,334,481  
  
$ 
  
  
4,971,195  

  

 Other Information  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Shares  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Sold  
  
  
  
33,073  
  
  
  
58,392  

 
     Redeemed  
  
  
  
(96,778)  
  
  
  
(103,990)  

 
     Net increase (decrease)  
  
  
  
(63,705)  
  
  
  
(45,598) 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



18



Financial Highlights  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Years ended November 30,  
  
2005  
  
2004  
  
2003  
  
2002  
  
 2001 
  

Selected Per Share Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Net asset value,
  beginning  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   of
  period  
  
$ 15.95  
  
$ 14.65  
  
$ 12.17  
  
$ 18.99  
  
$ 40.13  

Income from
  Investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  investment income  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       (loss)B  
  
(.02)C  
  
(.05)  
  
(.01)  
  
(.05)  
  
(.17)  

 
   Net
  realized and unreal-  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       ized gain (loss)  
  
1.55  
  
1.35  
  
2.49  
  
(6.77)  
  
(14.72)  

 
   Total from investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       operations  
  
1.53  
  
1.30  
  
2.48  
  
(6.82)  
  
(14.89)  

Distributions
  from net  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   realized gain  
  
—  
  
—  
  
—  
  
—  
  
(6.26)  

Redemption fees
  added to  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   paid
  in capitalB  
  
—E  
  
—E  
  
—E  
  
—E  
  
.01  

Net asset value,
  end of  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   period  
  
$ 17.48  
  
$ 15.95  
  
$ 14.65  
  
$ 12.17  
  
$ 18.99  

Total ReturnA  
  
9.59%  
  
8.87%  
  
20.38%  
  
(35.91)%  
  
(44.42)%  

Ratios to Average Net AssetsD  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Expenses before  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       reductions  
  
79%  
  
.83%  
  
.68%  
  
.65%  
  
.97%  

 
   Expenses net of fee  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       waivers, if any  
  
79%  
  
.83%  
  
.68%  
  
.65%  
  
.97%  

 
   Expenses net of all  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       reductions  
  
70%  
  
.78%  
  
.59%  
  
.55%  
  
.92%  

 
   Net
  investment income  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       (loss)  
  
 
       (.12)%C  
  
(.36)%  
  
(.05)%  
  
(.39)%  
  
 
       (.64)%  

Supplemental Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  assets, end of period  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       (in millions)  
  
$ 4,334  
  
$ 4,971  
  
$ 5,233  
  
$ 4,495  
  
$ 7,442  

 
   Portfolio turnover rate  
  
192%  
  
84%  
  
176%  
  
114%  
  
118% 




A Total returns would have been lower had
  certain expenses not been reduced during the periods
  shown.B Calculated based on average shares
  outstanding during the period.C Investment income per share
  reflects a special dividend which amounted to $.01 per share. Excluding
  the special dividend, the ratio of netinvestment
  income to average net assets would have been (.18)%.D
  Expense ratios reflect operating expenses of the fund.
  Expenses before reductions do not reflect amounts reimbursed by the
  investment adviser orreductions from brokerage service
  arrangements or other expense offset arrangements and do not represent the
  amount paid by the fund duringperiods when reimbursements or
  reductions occur. Expenses net of fee waivers reflect expenses after
  reimbursement by the investment adviser butprior to
  reductions from brokerage service arrangements or other expense offset
  arrangements. Expenses net of all reductions represent the
  netexpenses paid by the fund.E
  Amount represents less than $.01 per
  share.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
19 Annual Report


Notes to Financial Statements

For the period ended November 30, 2005

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

1. Significant Accounting Policies.

Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares. The trust is regis tered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), as an open end management investment company organized as a Massachusetts business trust. The fund may invest in affiliated money market central funds (Money Market Central Funds)
which are open end investment companies available to investment companies and other accounts managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) and its affiliates. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require management to make certain estimates and assumptions at the date of the financial statements. The following summarizes the significant accounting policies of the
fund:

Security Valuation. Investments are valued and net asset value (NAV) per share is calculated (NAV
calculation) as of the close of business of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), normally 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. Wherever possible, the fund uses independent pricing services approved by the Board of Trustees to value its investments.

Equity securities, including restricted securities, for which market quotations are readily available, are valued at the last reported sale price or official closing price as reported
by an independent pricing service on the primary market or exchange on which they are traded. In the event there were no sales during the day or closing prices are not available, securities are valued at the last quoted bid price. Investments in
open end mutual funds are valued at their closing net asset value each business day. Short term securities with remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which quotations are not readily available are valued at amortized cost, which
approximates value.

When current market prices or quotations are not readily available or do not accurately reflect fair value, valuations may be determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the
Board of Trustees. For example, when developments occur between the close of a market and the close of the NYSE that may materially affect the value of some or all of the securities, or when trading in a security is halted, those securities may be
fair valued. Factors used in the determination of fair value may include monitoring news to identify significant market or security specific events such as changes in the value of U.S. securi ties market, reviewing developments in foreign markets
and evaluating the performance of ADRs, futures contracts and exchange traded funds. Because the fund’s utilization of fair value pricing depends on market activity, the frequency with which fair value pricing is used can not be predicted and
may be utilized to a significant extent. The value of securities used for NAV calculation under fair value pricing may differ from published prices for the same securities.


Annual Report



20



1. Significant Accounting Policies  continued

Foreign Currency. The fund uses foreign currency contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign
denominated securities. Losses from these transactions may arise from changes in the value of the foreign currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts’ terms.

Foreign denominated assets, including investment securities, and liabilities are trans lated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate at period end. Purchases and sales of invest ment
securities, income and dividends received and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the transac tion date.

The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on investments are included with the net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities. Other foreign currency transactions
resulting in realized and unrealized gain (loss) are disclosed separately.

Investment Transactions and Income. Security transactions are accounted for as of trade date. Gains and
losses on securities sold are determined on the basis of identified cost and may include proceeds received from litigation. Dividend income is recorded on the ex dividend date, except for certain dividends from foreign securities where the ex
dividend date may have passed, which are recorded as soon as the fund is informed of the ex dividend date. Non cash dividends included in dividend income, if any, are recorded at the fair market value of the securities received. Distributions
received on securities that represent a return of capital or capital gain are recorded as a reduction of cost of investments and/or as a realized gain. The fund estimates the components of distributions received that may be considered return of
capital distributions or capital gain distributions. Large, non recurring dividends recognized by the fund are presented separately on the Statement of Operations as “Special Dividends” and the impact of these dividends is presented in the
Financial Highlights. Interest income is accrued as earned. Interest income includes coupon interest and amortization of premium and accretion of discount on debt securities. Investment income is recorded net of foreign taxes withheld where recovery
of such taxes is uncertain.

Expenses. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a fund. Expenses which cannot be
directly attributed are apportioned among each fund in the trust.

Deferred Trustee Compensation. Under a Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan), independent Trustees must
defer receipt of a portion of, and may elect to defer receipt of an additional portion of, their annual compensation. Deferred amounts are treated as though equivalent dollar amounts had been invested in shares of the fund or are invested in a cross
section of other Fidelity funds, and are marked to market. Deferred amounts remain in the fund until distributed in accordance with the Plan.

21 Annual Report


Notes to Financial Statements  continued

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

1. Significant Accounting Policies  continued

Income Tax Information and Distributions to Shareholders. Each year, the fund intends to qualify as a
regulated investment company by distributing all of its taxable income and realized gains under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, no provision for income taxes is required in the accompanying financial statements. Foreign taxes
are provided for based on the fund’s understanding of the tax rules and rates that exist in the foreign markets in which it invests.

Distributions are recorded on the ex dividend date. Income and capital gain distribu tions are determined in accordance with income tax regulations, which may differ from generally
accepted accounting principles.

Capital accounts within the financial statements are adjusted for permanent book tax differences. These adjustments have no impact on net assets or the results of operations. Temporary
book tax differences will reverse in a subsequent period.

Book tax differences are primarily due to foreign currency transactions, net operating losses, capital loss carryforwards, and losses deferred due to wash sales.

The tax basis components of distributable earnings and the federal tax cost as of period end were as follows:



Unrealized appreciation 
  

   

$ 
  

   

444,264 
  



Unrealized depreciation 
  

   

 
  

   

(260,764) 
  



Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) . 
  

   

 
  

   

183,500 
  



Capital loss carryforward 
  

   

 
  

   

(12,112,847) 
  



 
  



Cost for federal income tax purposes 
  

   

$ 
  

   

4,242,191 
  



Short Term Trading (Redemption) Fees. Shares held in the fund less than 90 days are subject to a redemption
fee equal to 1.50% of the proceeds of the redeemed shares. All redemption fees, including any estimated redemption fees paid by FMR, are retained by the fund and accounted for as an addition to paid in capital.


2. Operating Policies.


Repurchase Agreements. FMR has received an Exemptive Order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) which permits the fund and other affiliated entities of FMR to transfer uninvested cash balances into joint trading accounts which are then invested in repurchase agreements. The fund may also invest directly with institutions in repurchase
agreements. Repurchase agreements are collateralized by government or non government securities. Collateral is held in segregated accounts with custodian banks and may be obtained in the event of a default of the counterparty. The fund monitors, on
a daily basis, the value of the collateral to ensure it is at least equal to


Annual Report



22



2. Operating Policies  continued

Repurchase Agreements  continued

the principal amount of the repurchase agreement (including accrued interest). In the event of a default by the counterparty, realization of the collateral proceeds could be delayed,
during which time the value of the collateral may decline.

Restricted Securities. The fund may invest in securities that are subject to legal or contractual
restrictions on resale. These securities generally may be resold in transac tions exempt from registration or to the public if the securities are registered. Disposal of these securities may involve time consuming negotiations and expense, and
prompt sale at an acceptable price may be difficult. Information regarding restricted securities is included at the end of the fund’s Schedule of Investments.

3. Purchases and Sales of Investments.

Purchases and sales of securities, other than short term securities and U.S. government securities, aggregated $8,572,997 and $9,700,843, respectively.

4. Fees and Other Transactions with Affiliates.

Management Fee. FMR and its affiliates provide the fund with investment manage ment related services for
which the fund pays a monthly management fee. The manage ment fee is the sum of an individual fund fee rate that is based on an annual rate of .35% of the fund’s average net assets and a group fee rate that averaged .27% during the period. The
group fee rate is based upon the average net assets of all the mutual funds advised by FMR. The group fee rate decreases as assets under management increase and increases as assets under management decrease. In addition, the management fee is
subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of ±.20% of the fund’s average net assets
over a 36 month performance period). The upward or downward adjustment to the management fee is based on the fund’s relative investment performance as compared to an appropriate benchmark index. For the period, the total annual management fee
rate, including the performance adjustment, was .42% of the fund’s average net assets.

Transfer Agent Fees. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an affiliate of FMR, is the fund’s
transfer, dividend disbursing and shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset based fees that vary according to account size and type of ac count. FSC pays for typesetting, printing and mailing of shareholder reports, except
proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were equivalent to an annual rate of .34% of average net assets.

23 Annual Report



Notes to Financial Statements continued 
  
  
  

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)  
  
  

  

4. Fees and Other Transactions with
  Affiliates  continued 
  
Accounting and Security Lending Fees. FSC maintains the
fund’s accounting rec ords. The accounting fee is based on the level of average
net assets for the month. Under a separate contract, FSC administers the
security lending program. The security lending fee is based on the number and
duration of lending transactions.
Affiliated Central Funds. The fund may invest in Money Market Central
Funds which seek preservation of capital and current income and are managed by
Fidelity Invest ments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM), an affiliate of
FMR.
The Money Market Central Funds do not pay a management
fee.
Brokerage Commissions. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of the investment
adviser. The commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $241 for the
period.
Interfund Lending Program. Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the
SEC, the fund, along with other registered investment companies having
management contracts with FMR, may participate in an interfund lending program.
This program provides an alternative credit facility allowing the funds to
borrow from, or lend money to, other participating affiliated funds. At period
end, there were no interfund loans outstanding. The fund’s activity in this
program during the period for which loans were outstanding was as
follows:


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interest Earned  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Borrower
  or  
  
  
  
Average Daily  
  
Weighted Average  
  
(included in  
  
  
  
Interest    

 Lender 

  
  
  
Loan Balance  
  
Interest Rate  
  
interest income)  
  
  
  
Expense    

 Borrower 
  
  
$ 
  
  
 
             11,753  
  
2.67%  
  
— 
  
  
$ 
  
  
  
  
17 
  

  

  

5. Committed Line of Credit. 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

The fund participates with other funds managed by FMR in a $4.2
billion credit facility (the “line of credit”) to be utilized for temporary or
emergency purposes to fund share holder redemptions or for other short term
liquidity purposes. The fund has agreed to pay commitment fees on its pro rata
portion of the line of credit. During the period, there were no borrowings on
this line of credit.



Annual Report



24




6. Security Lending.
The fund lends portfolio securities from time to time in order to
earn additional income. The fund receives collateral (in the form of U.S.
Treasury obligations, letters of credit and/or cash) against the loaned
securities and maintains collateral in an amount not less than 100% of the
market value of the loaned securities during the period of the loan. The market
value of the loaned securities is determined at the close of business of the
fund and any additional required collateral is delivered to the fund on the next
business day. If the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the
securities loaned because of insol vency or other reasons, a fund could
experience delays and costs in recovering the securities loaned or in gaining
access to the collateral. Cash collateral is invested in the Fidelity Securities
Lending Cash Central Fund. The value of loaned securities and cash collateral at
period end are disclosed on the fund’s Statement of Assets and Liabilities.
Security lending income represents the income earned on investing cash
collateral, less fees and expenses associated with the loan, plus any premium
payments that may be received on the loan of certain types of
securities.



7. Expense Reductions.
Many of the brokers with whom FMR places trades on behalf of the
fund provided services to the fund in addition to trade execution. These
services included payments of certain expenses on behalf of the fund totaling
$3,757 for the period. In addition, through arrangements with the fund’s
custodian and transfer agent, credits realized as a result of uninvested cash
balances were used to reduce the fund’s expenses. During the period, these
credits reduced the fund’s custody and transfer agent expenses by $3 and $177,
respectively.



8. Other.
The fund’s organizational documents provide former and current
trustees and officers with a limited indemnification against liabilities arising
in connection with the perfor mance of their duties to the fund. In the normal
course of business, the fund may also enter into contracts that provide general
indemnifications. The fund’s maximum expo sure under these arrangements is
unknown as this would be dependent on future claims that may be made against the
fund. The risk of material loss from such claims is considered
remote.
25 Annual Report

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm
To
the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and the Shareholders of
Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund:
In
our opinion, the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities, including the
sched ule of investments, and the related statements of operations and of
changes in net assets and the financial highlights present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund (a
fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust) at Novem ber 30, 2005 and the results
of its operations, the changes in its net assets and the financial highlights
for the periods indicated, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements and
financial highlights (hereafter referred to as “financial statements”) are the
responsibility of the Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund’s management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the ac
counting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits, which included confirmation of securities at November 30, 2005 by
correspondence with the custodian and brokers, provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.



/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPPricewaterhouseCoopers LLPBoston,
  MassachusettsJanuary 9, 2006



Annual Report



26

Trustees and Officers
The Trustees, Members of the Advisory Board, and executive officers
of the trust and fund, as applicable, are listed below. The Board of Trustees
governs the fund and is responsible for protecting the interests of
shareholders. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet periodically
throughout the year to oversee the fund’s activities, review contractual
arrangements with companies that provide services to the fund, and review the
fund’s performance. Except for William O. McCoy and Albert R. Gamper, Jr., each
of the Trustees oversees 326 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. McCoy
oversees 328 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. Gamper oversees 235 funds
advised by FMR or an affiliate.
The Trustees hold office without limit in time except that (a) any
Trustee may resign; (b) any Trustee may be removed by written instrument, signed
by at least two thirds of the number of Trustees prior to such removal; (c) any
Trustee who requests to be retired or who has become incapacitated by illness or
injury may be retired by written instru ment signed by a majority of the other
Trustees; and (d) any Trustee may be removed at any special meeting of
shareholders by a two thirds vote of the outstanding voting securities of the
trust. Each Trustee who is not an interested person (as defined in the 1940 Act)
(Independent Trustee), shall retire not later than the last day of the calendar
year in which his or her 72nd birthday occurs. The Independent Trustees may
waive this mandatory retirement age policy with respect to individual Trustees.
The executive officers and Advisory Board Member hold office without limit in
time, except that any officer and Advisory Board Member may resign or may be
removed by a vote of a majority of the Trustees at any regular meeting or any
special meeting of the Trustees. Except as indicated, each individual has held
the office shown or other offices in the same company for the past five
years.
The fund’s Statement of Additional Information (SAI) includes more
information about the Trustees. To request a free copy, call Fidelity at
1-800-544-8544.



Interested Trustees*:
Correspondence intended for each Trustee who is an interested
person may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationEdward C.
  Johnson 3d (75)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1982
Mr. Johnson is Chairman of the Board of Trustees. Mr. Johnson
serves as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and a Director of FMR Corp.; a Di
rector and Chairman of the Board and of the Executive Committee of FMR; Chairman
and a Director of Fidelity Management & Research (Far East) Inc.; Chairman
and a Director of Fidelity Investments Money Man agement, Inc.; and Chairman
(2001 present) and a Director (2000 present) of FMR Co., Inc.
27 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationStephen P.
  Jonas (52)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Mr. Jonas is Senior Vice President of Aggressive Growth (2005
present). He also serves as Senior Vice President of other Fidelity funds (2005
present). Mr. Jonas is Executive Director of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr.
Jonas served as President of Fidelity Enterprise Opera tions and Risk Services
(2004 2005), Chief Administrative Officer (2002 2004), and Chief Financial
Officer of FMR Co. (1998 2000). Mr. Jonas has been with Fidelity Investments
since 1987 and has held vari ous financial and management positions including
Chief Financial Offi cer of FMR. In addition, he serves on the Boards of Boston
Ballet (2003 present) and Simmons College (2003 present).



 
Robert L. Reynolds (53)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Mr. Reynolds is a Director (2003 present) and Chief Operating
Officer (2002 present) of FMR Corp. He also serves on the Board at Fidelity
Investments Canada, Ltd. (2000 present). Previously, Mr. Reynolds served as
President of Fidelity Investments Institutional Retirement Group (1996
2000).
*
Trustees have been determined to be “Interested Trustees” by virtue of, among
other things, their affiliation with the trust or various entities under common
control with FMR.



Annual Report



28




Independent Trustees:
Correspondence intended for each Independent Trustee (that is, the
Trustees other than the Interested Trustees) may be sent to Fidelity
Investments, P.O. Box 55235, Boston, Massachusetts 02205 5235.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationDennis J.
  Dirks (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in May 2003, Mr. Dirks was Chief Operating
Officer and a member of the Board of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation (DTCC) (1999 2003). He also served as President, Chief Operating
Officer, and Board member of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) (1999 2003) and
President and Board member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation
(NSCC) (1999 2003). In addi tion, Mr. Dirks served as Chief Executive Officer
and Board member of the Government Securities Clearing Corporation (2001 2003)
and Chief Executive Officer and Board member of the Mortgage Backed Securities
Clearing Corporation (2001 2003). Mr. Dirks also serves as a Trustee of
Manhattan College (2005 present).



 
Albert R. Gamper, Jr. (63)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2006
Mr. Gamper also serves as a Trustee (2006 present) or Member of the
Advisory Board (2005 present) of other investment companies advised by FMR.
Prior to his retirement in December 2004, Mr. Gamper served as Chairman of the
Board of CIT Group Inc. (commercial finance). Dur ing his tenure with CIT Group
Inc. Mr. Gamper served in numerous sen ior management positions, including
Chairman (1987 1989; 1999 2001; 2002 2004), Chief Executive Officer (1987 2004),
and President (1989 2002). He currently serves as a member of the Board of
Directors of Public Service Enterprise Group (utilities, 2001 present), Chairman
of the Board of Governors, Rutgers University (2004 present), and Chairman of
the Board of Saint Barnabas Health Care System.
29 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationRobert M.
  Gates (62)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Dr. Gates is Chairman of the Independent Trustees (2006 present).
Dr. Gates is President of Texas A&M University (2002 present). He was
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) from 1991 to 1993. From 1989
to 1991, Dr. Gates served as Assistant to the President of the United States and
Deputy National Security Advisor. Dr. Gates is a Director of NACCO Industries,
Inc. (mining and manufacturing), Parker Drilling Co., Inc. (drilling and rental
tools for the energy industry, 2001 present), and Brinker International
(restaurant management, 2003 present). Previously, Dr. Gates served as a
Director of LucasVarity PLC (automotive components and diesel engines), a
Director of TRW Inc. (automotive, space, defense, and information technology),
and Dean of the George Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas
A&M University (1999 2001). Dr. Gates also is a Trustee of the Forum for
International Policy.



 
George H. Heilmeier (69)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Dr. Heilmeier is Chairman Emeritus of Telcordia Technologies (commu
nication software and systems), where prior to his retirement, he served as
company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He currently serves on the Boards
of Directors of The Mitre Corporation (systems engineer ing and information
technology support for the government), and HRL Laboratories (private research
and development, 2004 present). He is Chairman of the General Motors Science
& Technology Advisory Board and a Life Fellow of the Institute of Electrical
and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) (2000 present). Dr. Heilmeier is a member of
the Defense Science Board and the National Security Agency Advisory Board. He is
also a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the American Academy of
Arts and Sciences, and the Board of Overseers of the School of Engineering and
Applied Science of the University of Pennsyl vania. Previously, Dr. Heilmeier
served as a Director of TRW Inc. (auto motive, space, defense, and information
technology, 1992 2002), Compaq (1994 2002), Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
(ADP) (technology based business outsourcing, 1995 2002), INET Technolo gies
Inc. (telecommunications network surveillance, 2001 2004), and Teletech Holdings
(customer management services). He is the recipient of the 2005 Kyoto Prize in
Advanced Technology for his invention of the liquid display.



Annual Report



30




Name, Age; Principal OccupationMarie L.
  Knowles (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2001
Prior to Ms. Knowles’ retirement in June 2000, she served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atlantic Richfield
Company (ARCO) (diversified energy, 1996 2000). From 1993 to 1996, she was a
Senior Vice President of ARCO and President of ARCO Transportation Company. She
served as a Director of ARCO from 1996 to 1998. She currently serves as a
Director of Phelps Dodge Corporation (copper mining and manufacturing) and
McKesson Corporation (healthcare ser vice, 2002 present). Ms. Knowles is a
Trustee of the Brookings Institution and the Catalina Island Conservancy and
also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the School of Engineering of
the University of Southern California.



Ned C. Lautenbach (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2000
Mr. Lautenbach has been a partner of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice,
Inc. (private equity investment firm) since September 1998. Previously, Mr.
Lautenbach was with the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) from
1968 until his retirement in 1998. Mr. Lautenbach serves as a Director of
Italtel Holding S.p.A. (telecommunications (Milan, Italy), 2004 present) and
Eaton Corporation (diversified industrial) as well as the Philharmonic Center
for the Arts in Naples, Florida. He also is a member of the Board of Trustees of
Fairfield University (2005 present), as well as a member of the Council on
Foreign Relations.



William O. McCoy (72)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Prior to his retirement in December 1994, Mr. McCoy was Vice Chair
man of the Board of BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications) and President of
BellSouth Enterprises. He is currently a Director of Liberty Corporation
(holding company), Duke Realty Corporation (real estate), and Progress Energy,
Inc. (electric utility). He is also a partner of Frank lin Street Partners
(private investment management firm) and a member of the Research Triangle
Foundation Board. In addition, Mr. McCoy served as the Interim Chancellor (1999
2000) and a member of the Board of Visitors for the University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the University
of North Carolina Health Care System and the Board of Visitors of the Kenan
Flagler Business School (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). He also
served as Vice President of Finance for the University of North Car olina (16
school system).
31 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationCornelia M.
  Small (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Ms. Small is a member (2000 present) and Chairperson (2002 present)
of the Investment Committee, and a member (2002 present) of the Board of
Trustees of Smith College. Previously, she served as Chief In vestment Officer
(1999 2000), Director of Global Equity Investments (1996 1999), and a member of
the Board of Directors of Scudder, Stevens & Clark (1990 1997) and Scudder
Kemper Investments (1997 1998). In addition, Ms. Small served as Co Chair (2000
2003) of the Annual Fund for the Fletcher School of Law and
Diplomacy.



 
William S. Stavropoulos
(66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Mr. Stavropoulos is Chairman of the Board (2000 present) and a Mem
ber of the Board of Directors of The Dow Chemical Company. Since joining The Dow
Chemical Company in 1967, Mr. Stavropoulos served in numerous senior management
positions, including President (1993 2000; 2002 2003), CEO (1995 2000; 2002
2004), and Chair man of the Executive Committee (2000 2004). Currently, he is a
Direc tor of NCR Corporation (data warehousing and technology solutions),
BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications), Chemical Financial Corpo ration,
Maersk Inc. (industrial conglomerate, 2002 present), and Metal mark Capital
(private equity investment firm, 2005 present). He also serves as a member of
the Board of Trustees of the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy
Research. In addition, Mr. Stavropoulos is a member of The Business Council,
J.P. Morgan International Council and the University of Notre Dame Advisory
Council for the College of Science.



 
Kenneth L. Wolfe (66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in 2001, Mr. Wolfe was Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Hershey Foods Corporation (1993 2001). He cur rently serves
as a member of the boards of Adelphia Communications Corporation (2003 present),
Bausch & Lomb, Inc., and Revlon Inc. (2004 present).



Annual Report



32

Advisory Board Member and Executive Officers:
Correspondence intended for each executive officer and Mr. Lynch
may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts
02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter S.
  Lynch (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Member of the Advisory Board of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust.
Vice Chairman and a Director of FMR, and Vice Chairman (2001 present) and a
Director (2000 present) of FMR Co., Inc. Previously, Mr. Lynch served as a
Trustee of the Fidelity funds (1990 2003). In addition, he serves as a Trustee
of Boston College, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Historic Deerfield,
John F. Kennedy Library, and the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston.



 
Steven Calhoun (34)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Vice President of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Calhoun also manages other
Fidelity funds. Prior to assuming his current responsibilities, Mr. Cal houn has
worked as a research analyst and manager.



 
Dwight D. Churchill (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Vice President of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Churchill also serves as
Vice President of certain Equity Funds (2005 present) and certain High In come
Funds (2005 present). Previously, he served as Head of Fidelity’s Fixed Income
Division (2000 2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Money Market Funds (2000
2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Bond Funds, and Senior Vice President of
FIMM (2000) and FMR. Mr. Churchill joined Fidelity in 1993 as Vice President and
Group Leader of Taxable Fixed Income Investments.



 
Eric D. Roiter (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1998
Secretary of Aggressive Growth. He also serves as Secretary of
other Fidelity funds; Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of FMR Co.,
Inc. (2001 present) and FMR; Assistant Secretary of Fidelity Man agement &
Research (U.K.) Inc. (2001 present), Fidelity Management & Research (Far
East) Inc. (2001 present), and Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (2001
present). Mr. Roiter is an Adjunct Member, Faculty of Law, at Boston College Law
School (2003 present). Previously, Mr. Roiter served as Vice President and
Secretary of Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC) (1998 2005).
33 Annual Report


Trustees and Officers - continued

 
Name, Age; Principal Occupation


 
Stuart Fross (46)


Year of Election or Appointment: 2003

Assistant Secretary of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Fross also serves as As sistant Secretary of other Fidelity funds (2003 present), Vice President and Secretary of FDC (2005 present), and
is an employee of FMR.

 
Christine Reynolds (47)


Year of Election or Appointment: 2004

President, Treasurer, and Anti Money Laundering (AML) officer of Aggressive Growth. Ms. Reynolds also serves as President, Treasurer, and AML officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and
is a Vice President (2003) and an employee (2002) of FMR. Before joining Fidelity Invest ments, Ms. Reynolds worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) (1980 2002), where she was most recently an audit partner with PwC’s investment management
practice.

 
Paul M. Murphy (58)


Year of Election or Appointment: 2005

Chief Financial Officer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Murphy also serves as Chief Financial Officer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present). He also serves as Senior Vice President of
Fidelity Pricing and Cash Man agement Services Group (FPCMS).

 
Kenneth A. Rathgeber (58)


Year of Election or Appointment: 2004

Chief Compliance Officer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Rathgeber also serves as Chief Compliance Officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and Executive Vice President of Risk Oversight for
Fidelity Investments (2002). Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Op erating Officer for Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc. (1998 2002).

 
John R. Hebble (47)


Year of Election or Appointment: 2003

Deputy Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Hebble also serves as Dep uty Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2003), and is an employee of FMR. Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr.
Hebble worked at Deutsche Asset Management where he served as Director of Fund Accounting (2002 2003) and Assistant Treasurer of the Scudder Funds (1998 2003).


Annual Report



34





Name, Age; Principal OccupationBryan A.
  Mehrmann (44)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Mehrmann also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em ployee of
FMR. Previously, Mr. Mehrmann served as Vice President of Fidelity Investments
Institutional Services Group (FIIS)/Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Corporation, Inc. (FIIOC) Client Services (1998 2004).



Kimberley H. Monasterio
(41)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Deputy Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Ms. Monasterio also serves
as Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of FMR
(2004). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Monasterio served as Treasurer
(2000 2004) and Chief Financial Officer (2002 2004) of the Franklin Templeton
Funds and Senior Vice President of Franklin Tem pleton Services, LLC (2000
2004).



Kenneth B. Robins (36)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Robins also serves as
Dep uty Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR (2004 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Robins worked at
KPMG LLP, where he was a partner in KPMG’s department of professional practice
(2002 2004) and a Senior Manager (1999 2000). In addition, Mr. Robins served as
Assistant Chief Accoun tant, United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(2000 2002).



Robert G. Byrnes (38)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Byrnes also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em ployee
of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Byrnes served as Vice President of FPCMS
(2003 2005). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Byrnes worked at Deutsche
Asset Management where he served as Vice President of the Investment Operations
Group (2000 2003).



John H. Costello (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1990
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Costello also serves
as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds and is an employee of
FMR.
35 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter L.
  Lydecker (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Lydecker also serves
as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of
FMR.



 
Mark Osterheld (50)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Osterheld also serves
as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2002) and is an employee of
FMR.



 
Gary W. Ryan (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Ryan also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em ployee
of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Ryan served as Vice Pres ident of Fund
Reporting in FPCMS (1999 2005).



 
Salvatore Schiavone (40)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Aggressive Growth. Mr. Schiavone also serves
as Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em
ployee of FMR (2005 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Schiavone
worked at Deutsche Asset Management, where he most re cently served as Assistant
Treasurer (2003 2005) of the Scudder Funds and Vice President and Head of Fund
Reporting (1996 2003).



Annual Report



36


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees

Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund

Each year, typically in July, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees (together, the Board), votes on the renewal of the management contract and sub advisory
agreements (together, the Advisory Contracts) for the fund. The Board, assisted by the advice of fund counsel and independent Trustees’ counsel, requests and considers a broad range of information throughout the year.

The Board meets regularly each month except August and takes into account throughout the year matters bearing on Advisory Contracts. The Board, acting directly and through its separate
committees, considers at each of its meetings factors that are relevant to the annual renewal of the fund’s Advisory Contracts, including the services and support provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity. At the time of the
renewal, the Board had 11 standing committees, each composed of independent Trustees with varying backgrounds, to which the Board has assigned specific subject matter responsibilities in order to enhance effective decision making by the Board. Each
committee has adopted a written charter outlining the structure and purposes of the committee. One such com mittee, the Equity Contract Committee, meets periodically during the first six months of each year and as necessary to consider matters
specifically related to the annual renewal of Advisory Contracts. The committee requests and receives information on, and makes recommendations to the independent Trustees concerning, the approval and annual review of the Advisory
Contracts.

At its July 2005 meeting, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees, unanimously determined to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund. In reaching its determination,
the Board considered all factors it believed relevant, including (1) the nature, extent, and quality of the services to be provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity (including the investment performance of the fund); (2) the
competitiveness of the management fee and total expenses of the fund; (3) the total costs of the services to be provided by and the profits to be realized by the investment adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the fund; (4) the
extent to which economies of scale would be realized as the fund grows; and (5) whether fee levels reflect these economies of scale, if any, for the benefit of fund shareholders.

In determining whether to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund, the Board ulti mately reached a determination, with the assistance of fund counsel and independent Trustees’
counsel, that the renewal of the Advisory Contracts and the compensation to be received by Fidelity under the management contract is consistent with Fidelity’s fidu ciary duty under applicable law. In addition to evaluating the specific factors
noted above, the Board, in reaching its determination, is aware that shareholders in the fund have a broad range of investment choices available to them, including a wide choice among mutual funds offered by competitors to Fidelity, and that the
fund’s shareholders, with the opportunity to review and weigh the disclosure provided by the fund in its

37 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

prospectus and other public disclosures, have chosen to invest in this fund, managed by Fidelity.

Nature, Extent, and Quality of Services Provided by Fidelity. The Board consid ered staffing within the
investment adviser, FMR, and the sub advisers (together, the Investment Advisers), including the background of the fund’s portfolio manager and the fund’s investment objective and discipline. The independent Trustees also had discus sions
with senior management of Fidelity’s investment operations and investment groups. The Board considered the structure of the portfolio manager compensation program and whether this structure provides appropriate incentives.

Fidelity Resources Dedicated to Investment Management and Support Services. The Board reviewed the size, education, and experience of the Investment Advisers’ invest ment staff,
their use of technology, and the Investment Advisers’ approach to recruiting, training, and retaining portfolio managers and other research, advisory, and manage ment personnel. The Board considered Fidelity’s extensive global research
capabilities that enable the Investment Advisers to aggregate data from various sources in an effort to produce positive investment results. The Board noted that Fidelity’s analysts have access to a variety of technological tools that enable
them to perform both fundamental and quantitative analysis and to specialize in various disciplines. The Board also considered that Fidelity’s portfolio managers and analysts have access to daily portfolio attribution that allows for monitoring
of a fund’s portfolio, as well as an electronic communication system that provides immediate real time access to research concerning issuers and credit enhancers.

Shareholder and Administrative Services. The Board considered the nature, extent, quality, and cost of administrative, distribution, and shareholder services performed by the Investment
Advisers and their affiliates under the Advisory Contracts and under separate agreements covering transfer agency, pricing and bookkeeping, and securities lending services for the fund. The Board also considered the nature and extent of the
Investment Advisers’ supervision of third party service providers, principally custodians and subcustodians. The Board reviewed the allocation of fund brokerage, including allocations to brokers affiliated with the Investment Advisers, the use
of brokerage commissions to pay fund expenses, and the use of “soft” commission dollars to pay for research services. The Board also considered that Fidelity voluntarily decided in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to
pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources. The Board also considered the resources devoted to, and the record of compliance with, the fund’s compliance policies and procedures.

The Board noted that the growth of fund assets across the complex allows Fidelity to reinvest in the development of services designed to enhance the value or convenience of the Fidelity
funds as investment vehicles. These services include 24 hour access to


Annual Report



38



account information and market information through phone representatives and over the Internet, and investor education materials and asset allocation tools.

Investment in a Large Fund Family. The Board considered the benefits to shareholders of investing in a Fidelity fund, including the benefits of investing in a fund that is part of a
large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and providing for a large variety of mutual fund investor services. For example, fund shareholders are offered the privilege of exchanging shares of the fund for shares of other
Fidelity funds, as set forth in the fund’s prospectus, without paying a sales charge. The Board noted that, since the last Advisory Contract renewals in July 2004, Fidelity has taken a number of actions that benefited particular funds,
including (i) voluntarily deciding in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources, (ii) contractually agreeing to impose management fee reductions and
expense limitations on its five Spartan stock index funds and its stock index fund available through variable insurance products, (iii) contractually agreeing to eliminate the management fees on the Fidelity Freedom Funds and the Fidelity Advisor
Freedom Funds, (iv) contractually agreeing to reduce the management fees on most of its investment grade taxable bond funds, and (v) contractually agreeing to impose expense limitations on its retail and Spartan investment grade taxable bond
funds.

Investment Performance and Compliance. The Board considered whether the fund has operated within its investment objective, as well as its record of compliance with its investment
restrictions. It also reviewed the fund’s absolute investment performance, as well as the fund’s relative investment performance measured against (i) a broad based securities market index, and (ii) a peer group of mutual funds deemed
appropriate by the Board over multiple periods. The following charts considered by the Board show, over the one , three , and five year periods ended December 31, 2004, the fund’s returns, the returns of a broad based securities market index
(“benchmark”), and a range of returns of a peer group of mutual funds identified by Lipper Inc. as having an investment objec tive similar to that of the fund. The box within each chart shows the 25th percentile return (bottom of box) and
the 75th percentile return (top of box) of the Lipper peer group. Returns shown above the box are in the first quartile and returns shown below the box are in the fourth quartile. The percentage beaten number noted below each chart corresponds to
the percentile box and represents the percentage of funds in the Lipper peer group whose performance was equal to or lower than that of the fund.

39 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued



The Board reviewed the fund’s relative investment performance against its Lipper peer group and stated that the performance of the fund was in the fourth quartile for the one ,
three , and five year periods. The Board also stated that the relative investment perfor mance of the fund was lower than its benchmark over time. The Board discussed with FMR actions to be taken by FMR to improve the fund’s disappointing
performance.

The Board also considered that the fund’s management fee is subject to upward or downward adjustment depending upon whether, and to what extent, the fund’s invest ment
performance for the performance period exceeds, or is exceeded by, the record (over the same period) of a Board approved performance adjustment index. The Board realizes that the performance adjustment provides FMR with a strong economic incen tive
to seek to achieve superior performance for the fund’s shareholders and helps to more closely align the interests of FMR and the fund’s shareholders.

The Board has had thorough discussions with FMR throughout the year about the Board’s and FMR’s concerns about equity research, equity fund performance, and compliance with
internal policies governing gifts and entertainment. FMR has taken steps that it believes will refocus and strengthen equity research and equity portfolio management and compliance. The Board noted with favor FMR’s recent reorganization of its
senior management team and FMR’s plans to dedicate additional resources to investment research, and participated in the process that led to those changes.

Based on its review, and giving particular weight to the nature and quality of the resources dedicated by the Investment Advisers to maintain and improve relative performance, the Board
concluded that the nature, extent, and quality of the services provided by Fidelity will benefit the fund’s shareholders, particularly in light of the


Annual Report



40



Board’s view that the fund’s shareholders benefit from investing in a fund that is part of a large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and
services.

Competitiveness of Management Fee and Total Fund Expenses. The Board considered the fund’s management
fee and total expenses compared to “mapped groups” of competitive funds and classes. Fidelity creates “mapped groups” by combining similar Lipper investment objective categories that have comparable management fee charac
teristics. Combining Lipper investment objective categories aids the Board’s manage ment fee and total expense comparisons by broadening the competitive group used for comparison and by reducing the number of universes to which various Fidelity
funds are compared.

The Board considered two proprietary management fee comparisons for the 12 month periods shown in the chart below. The group of Lipper funds used by the Board for management fee
comparisons is referred to below as the “Total Mapped Group” and, for the reasons explained above, is broader than the Lipper peer group used by the Board for performance comparisons. The Total Mapped Group comparison focuses on a
fund’s standing relative to the total universe of comparable funds available to investors, in terms of gross management fees before expense reimbursements or caps. “TMG %” represents the percentage of funds in the Total Mapped Group
that had management fees that were lower than the fund’s. For example, a TMG % of 22% means that 78% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group had higher management fees than the fund. The “Asset Size Peer Group” (ASPG) comparison
focuses on a fund’s standing relative to non Fidelity funds similar in size to the fund within the Total Mapped Group. The ASPG represents at least 15% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group with comparable asset size and management fee
characteristics, subject to a minimum of 50 funds (or all funds in the Total Mapped Group if fewer than 50). Additional information, such as the ASPG quartile (“quadrant”) in which the fund’s management fee ranked and the impact of
the fund’s performance adjustment, is also included in the chart and considered by the Board.

41 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued




The Board noted that the fund’s management fee ranked below the median of its Total Mapped Group and below the median of its ASPG for 2004. The Board also noted the effect of the
fund’s negative performance adjustment on the fund’s management fee ranking.

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s management fee was fair and reasonable in light of the services that the fund receives and the other factors
considered.

In its review of the fund’s total expenses, the Board considered the fund’s management fee as well as other fund expenses, such as transfer agent fees, pricing and bookkeeping
fees, and custodial, legal, and audit fees. The Board also noted the effects of any waivers and reimbursements on fees and expenses, as well as the fund’s negative performance adjustment. As part of its review, the Board also considered current
and historical total expenses of the fund compared to competitive fund median expenses. The fund is compared to those funds and classes in the Total Mapped Group (used by the Board for management fee comparisons) that have a similar sales load
structure.

The Board noted that the fund’s total expenses ranked below its competitive median for 2004.

In its review of total expenses, the Board also considered Fidelity fee structures and other information on clients that FMR and its affiliates service in other competitive markets,
such as other mutual funds advised or subadvised by FMR or its affiliates, pension plan clients, and other institutional clients.


Annual Report



42



Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s total expenses were reasonable in light of the services that the fund and its shareholders receive and the other factors
considered.

Costs of the Services and Profitability. The Board considered the revenues earned and the expenses incurred
by Fidelity in conducting the business of developing, market ing, distributing, managing, administering and servicing the fund and its shareholders. The Board also considered the level of Fidelity’s profits in respect of all the Fidelity
funds.

On an annual basis, FMR presents to the Board Fidelity’s profitability for the fund. Fidelity calculates the profitability for each fund, as well as aggregate profitability for
groups of Fidelity funds and all Fidelity funds, using a series of detailed revenue and cost allocation methodologies which originate with the audited books and records of Fidelity. The Audit Committee of the Board reviews any significant changes
from the prior year’s methodologies.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), independent registered accounting firm and auditor to Fidelity and certain Fidelity funds, has been engaged annually by the Board as part of the
Board’s assessment of the results of Fidelity’s profitability analysis. PwC’s engagement includes the review and assessment of Fidelity’s methodologies used in determining the revenues and expenses attributable to Fidelity’s
mutual fund business, and completion of agreed upon procedures surrounding the mathematical accuracy of fund profitability and its conformity to allocation methodologies. After considering PwC’s reports issued under the engagement and
information provided by Fidelity, the Board believes that while other allocation methods may also be reasonable, Fidelity’s profitabil ity methodologies are reasonable in all material respects.

The Board has also reviewed Fidelity’s non fund businesses and any fall out benefits related to the mutual fund business as well as cases where Fidelity’s affiliates may
benefit from or be related to the fund’s business. In addition, a special committee of the Board reviewed services provided to Fidelity by its affiliates and determined that the fees that Fidelity paid for such services were
reasonable.

The Board considered the costs of the services provided by and the profits realized by Fidelity in connection with the operation of the fund and determined that the amount of profit is
a fair entrepreneurial profit for the management of the fund.

Economies of Scale. The Board considered whether there have been economies of scale in respect of the
management of the Fidelity funds, whether the Fidelity funds (including the fund) have appropriately benefited from any such economies of scale, and whether there is potential for realization of any further economies of scale. The Board considered
the extent to which the fund will benefit from economies of scale through increased services to the fund, through waivers or reimbursements, or through fee or

43 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

expense reductions, including reductions that occur through operation of the transfer agent agreement. The transfer agent fee varies in part based on the number of accounts in the fund.
If the number of accounts decreases or the average account size increases, the overall transfer agent fee rate decreases.

The Board recognized that the fund’s management contract incorporates a “group fee” structure, which provides for lower fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s
manage ment increase, and for higher fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s management decrease. The Board considered that the group fee is designed to deliver the benefits of economies of scale to fund shareholders when total fund assets
increase, even if assets of any particular fund are unchanged or have declined, because some portion of Fidelity’s costs are attributable to services provided to all Fidelity funds, and all funds benefit if those costs can be allocated among
more assets. The Board concluded that, given the group fee structure, fund shareholders will achieve a certain level of economies of scale as assets under FMR’s management increase at the fund complex level, regardless of whether Fidelity
achieves any such economies of scale.

The Board further concluded that any potential economies of scale are being shared between fund shareholders and Fidelity in an appropriate manner.

Additional Information Requested by the Board. In order to develop fully the factual basis for
consideration of the Advisory Contracts, the Board requested additional information regarding (i) equity fund transfer agency fees; (ii) Fidelity’s fund profitability methodology and the impact of various changes in the methodology over time;
(iii) benefits to shareholders from economies of scale; (iv) composition and characteristics of various fund and industry data used in comparisons; and (v) com pensation of portfolio managers and research analysts.

Based on its evaluation of all of the conclusions noted above, and after considering all material factors, the Board ultimately concluded that the existing advisory fee structures are
fair and reasonable, and that the fund’s existing Advisory Contracts should be renewed.


Annual Report



44



Managing Your Investments

Fidelity offers several ways to conveniently manage your personal investments via your telephone or PC. You can access your account information, conduct trades and research your
investments 24 hours a day.

By Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone provides a single toll free number to access account balances, positions, quotes and trading. It’s easy to navigate the service, and on your
first call, the system will help you create a personal identification number (PIN) for security.





By PC

Fidelity’s web site on the Internet provides a wide range of information, including daily financial news, fund performance, interactive planning tools and news about Fidelity
products and services.



* When you call the quotes line, please remember that a fund’s yield and return will vary and, except for
money market funds, share price will also vary. This means that you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. There is no assurance that money market funds will be able to maintain a stable $1 share price; an investment in a money
market fund is not insured or guar anteed by the U.S. government. Total returns are historical and include changes in share price, reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, and the effects of any sales charges.

45 Annual Report

To Visit Fidelity



For directions and hours,please call
  1-800-544-9797.Arizona7001 West Ray
  RoadChandler, AZ7373 N. Scottsdale RoadScottsdale,
  AZCalifornia815 East Birch StreetBrea,
  CA1411 Chapin AvenueBurlingame, CA851 East
  Hamilton AvenueCampbell, CA19200 Von Karman
  AvenueIrvine, CA601 Larkspur Landing
  CircleLarkspur, CA10100 Santa Monica
  Blvd.Los Angeles, CA27101 Puerta RealMission Viejo,
  CA73 575 El PaseoPalm Desert, CA251 University
  AvenuePalo Alto, CA123 South Lake AvenuePasadena,
  CA16995 Bernardo Ctr. DriveRancho Bernardo,
  CA1740 Arden WaySacramento, CA7676 Hazard
  Center DriveSan Diego, CA8 Montgomery StreetSan Francisco,
  CA3793 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA21701 Hawthorne
  BoulevardTorrance, CA2001 North Main StreetWalnut Creek,
  CA6300 Canoga AvenueWoodland Hills,
  CA



Colorado1625 BroadwayDenver,
  CO9185 East Westview RoadLittleton, COConnecticut48 West Putnam AvenueGreenwich,
  CT265 Church StreetNew Haven, CT300 Atlantic
  StreetStamford, CT29 South Main StreetWest Hartford,
  CTDelaware222 Delaware AvenueWilmington,
  DEFlorida4400 N. Federal HighwayBoca Raton,
  FL121 Alhambra PlazaCoral Gables, FL2948 N. Federal
  HighwayFt. Lauderdale, FL1907 West State Road
  434Longwood, FL8880 Tamiami Trail,
  NorthNaples, FL3550 Tamiami Trail,
  SouthSarasota, FL1502 N. Westshore Blvd.Tampa,
  FL2465 State Road 7Wellington, FL3501 PGA
  BoulevardWest Palm Beach, FLGeorgia3445 Peachtree
  Road, N.E.Atlanta, GA1000 Abernathy RoadAtlanta,
  GAIllinoisOne North LaSalle
  StreetChicago, IL875 North Michigan Ave.Chicago,
  IL1415 West 22nd StreetOak Brook,
IL



1700 East Golf RoadSchaumburg, IL3232 Lake
  AvenueWilmette, ILIndiana4729 East 82nd
  StreetIndianapolis, INKansas5400 College
  BoulevardOverland Park, KSMaineThree Canal
  PlazaPortland, MEMaryland7315 Wisconsin
  AvenueBethesda, MDOne W. Pennsylvania
  Ave.Towson, MDMassachusetts801 Boylston
  StreetBoston, MA155 Congress StreetBoston,
  MA300 Granite StreetBraintree, MA44 Mall
  RoadBurlington, MA405 Cochituate RoadFramingham,
  MA416 Belmont StreetWorcester, MAMichigan500 E. Eisenhower Pkwy.Ann Arbor,
  MI280 Old N. Woodward Ave.Birmingham, MI43420 Grand
  River AvenueNovi, MI29155 Northwestern Hwy.Southfield,
  MIMinnesota7600 France Avenue
  SouthEdina, MNMissouri8885 Ladue
  RoadLadue, MO
Annual Report 46




Nevada2225 Village Walk DriveHenderson,
  NVNew Jersey150 Essex StreetMillburn,
  NJ56 South StreetMorristown, NJ396 Route 17,
  NorthParamus, NJ3518 Route 1 NorthPrinceton,
  NJ530 Highway 35Shrewsbury, NJNew
  York1055 Franklin AvenueGarden City, NY37 West Jericho
  TurnpikeHuntington Station, NY1271 Avenue of the
  AmericasNew York, NY61 BroadwayNew York,
  NY350 Park AvenueNew York, NY200 Fifth
  AvenueNew York, NY733 Third AvenueNew York,
  NY11 Penn PlazaNew York, NY2070
  BroadwayNew York, NY1075 Northern Blvd.Roslyn,
  NYNorth Carolina4611 Sharon RoadCharlotte,
  NCOhio3805 Edwards RoadCincinnati,
  OH1324 Polaris ParkwayColumbus, OH28699 Chagrin
  BoulevardWoodmere Village, OHOregon16850 SW 72nd
  AvenueTigard, OR



Pennsylvania600 West DeKalb PikeKing of Prussia,
  PA1735 Market StreetPhiladelphia, PA12001 Perry
  HighwayWexford, PARhode Island47 Providence
  PlaceProvidence, RITennessee6150 Poplar
  AvenueMemphis, TNTexas10000 Research
  BoulevardAustin, TX4001 Northwest ParkwayDallas,
  TX12532 Memorial DriveHouston, TX2701 Drexel
  DriveHouston, TX6500 N. MacArthur Blvd.Irving,
  TX6005 West Park BoulevardPlano, TX14100 San
  PedroSan Antonio, TX1576 East Southlake
  Blvd.Southlake, TX19740 IH 45 NorthSpring,
  TXUtah215 South State StreetSalt Lake City,
  UTVirginia1861 International
  DriveMcLean, VAWashington411 108th
  Avenue, N.E.Bellevue, WA1518 6th AvenueSeattle,
  WAWashington, DC1900 K Street, N.W.Washington,
  DCWisconsin595 North Barker RoadBrookfield,
  WI
Fidelity Brokerage Services, Inc., 100 Summer St., Boston, MA 02110
Member NYSE/SIPC
47 Annual Report
47




 
Investment AdviserFidelity Management & Research
  CompanyBoston, MAInvestment Sub
  AdvisersFMR Co., Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(U.K.) Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(Far East) Inc.Fidelity International
  InvestmentAdvisorsFidelity Investments Japan
  LimitedFidelity International InvestmentAdvisors (U.K.)
  LimitedGeneral DistributorFidelity Distributors
  CorporationBoston, MATransfer and Service
  AgentFidelity Service Company, Inc.Boston,
  MACustodianBrown Brothers Harriman &
  Co.Boston, MA


The Fidelity
  Telephone Connection  

Mutual Fund
  24-Hour Service  

Exchanges/Redemptions
  and  
  
  

Account Assistance 
  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Product Information 
  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Retirement Accounts 
  
  
1-800-544-4774  

 (8 a.m. - 9 p.m.) 
  
  
  

TDD Service  
  
1-800-544-0118  

 for the deaf and hearing
  impaired  

 (9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern
  time)  

Fidelity Automated
  Service  
  
  

 Telephone (FAST®) (automated phone logo) 
  
1-800-544-5555  

(automated phone
  logo)  Automated line for quickest service 
  



FEG UANN-01061.786704.102




 
Fidelity®
Growth Company
Fund


 
Annual Report
November 30, 2005









Contents  
  
  
  
  

  

Chairman’s Message  
  
4  
  
Ned Johnson’s
  message to shareholders.  

Performance  
  
5  
  
How the fund has
  done over time.  

Management’s Discussion  
  
6  
  
The manager’s
  review of fund  

  
  
  
  
performance,
  strategy and outlook.  

Shareholder Expense  
  
7  
  
An example of
  shareholder expenses.  

Example  
  
  
  
  

Investment Changes  
  
8  
  
A summary of
  major shifts in the fund’s  

  
  
  
  
investments over
  the past six months.  

Investments  
  
9  
  
A complete list
  of the fund’s investments  

  
  
  
  
with their
  market values.  

Financial Statements  
  
24  
  
Statements of
  assets and liabilities,  

  
  
  
  
operations, and
  changes in net assets,  

  
  
  
  
as well as
  financial highlights.  

Notes  
  
28  
  
Notes to the
  financial statements.  

Report of Independent  
  
34  
  
  

Registered Public  
  
  
  
  

Accounting Firm  
  
  
  
  

Trustees and Officers  
  
35  
  
  

Distributions  
  
45  
  
  

Board Approval of  
  
46  
  
  

Investment Advisory  
  
  
  
  

Contracts and  
  
  
  
  

Management Fees  
  
  
  
 




 
To view a fund’s proxy voting guidelines and proxy voting
  record for the 12 month periodended June 30, visit
  www.fidelity.com/proxyvotingresults or visit the Securities and
  ExchangeCommission’s (SEC) web site at www.sec.gov. You may also call
  1-800-544-8544 to request a freecopy of the proxy voting
  guidelines.Standard & Poor’s, S&P and S&P 500 are
  registered service marks of The McGraw Hill Companies,Inc. and have
  been licensed for use by Fidelity Distributors
  Corporation.Other third party marks appearing herein are the property
  of their respective owners.All other marks appearing herein
  are registered or unregistered trademarks or service marksof FMR Corp. or
  an affiliated company.
Annual Report 2




This report and the financial statements contained herein are
  submitted for the general informationof the
  shareholders of the fund. This report is not authorized for distribution
  to prospective investorsin the fund unless preceded or
  accompanied by an effective prospectus.A fund files its
  complete schedule of portfolio holdings with the SEC for the first and
  thirdquarters of each fiscal year on Form N Q. Forms N Q are
  available on the SEC’s web site athttp://www.sec.gov. A fund’s Forms N Q may be
  reviewed and copied at the SEC’s Public ReferenceRoom in
  Washington, DC. Information regarding the operation of the SEC’s Public
  ReferenceRoom may be obtained by calling
  1-800-SEC-0330. For a complete list of a fund’s
  portfolioholdings, view the most recent
  quarterly holdings report, semiannual report, or annual
  reporton Fidelity’s web site at
  http://www.fidelity.com/holdings.NOT FDIC INSURED · MAY LOSE VALUE · NO BANK
  GUARANTEENeither the fund nor Fidelity
  Distributors Corporation is a bank.
3 Annual Report

Chairman’s Message
(photograph of Edward C. Johnson 3d)Dear
Shareholder:
During the past year or so, much has been reported about the mutual
fund industry, and much of it has been more critical than I believe is
warranted. Allegations that some companies have been less than forthright with
their shareholders have cast a shadow on the entire industry. I continue to find
these reports disturbing, and assert that they do not create an accurate picture
of the industry overall. Therefore, I would like to remind every one where
Fidelity stands on these issues. I will say two things specifically regarding
allegations that some mutual fund companies were in violation of the Securities
and Exchange Commission’s forward pricing rules or were involved in so called
“market timing” activities.
First, Fidelity has no agreements that permit customers who buy
fund shares after 4 p.m. to obtain the 4 p.m. price. This is not a new policy.
This is not to say that some one could not deceive the company through
fraudulent acts. However, we are extremely diligent in preventing fraud from
occurring in this manner and in every other. But I underscore again that Fidelity has no
so called “agreements” that sanction illegal practices.
Second, Fidelity continues to stand on record, as we have for
years, in opposition to predatory short term trading that adversely affects
shareholders in a mutual fund. Back in the 1980s, we initiated a
fee which is returned to the fund and, therefore, to investors to
discourage this activity. Further, we took the lead several years ago in
developing a Fair Value Pricing Policy to prevent market timing on foreign
securities in our funds. I am confident we will find other ways to make it more
difficult for predatory traders to operate. However, this will only be achieved
through close cooperation among regulators, legislators and the
industry.
Yes, there have been unfortunate instances of unethical and illegal
activity within the mutual fund industry from time to time. That is true of any
industry. When this occurs, confessed or convicted offenders should be dealt
with appropriately. But we are still concerned about the risk of over regulation
and the quick application of simplistic solutions to intricate problems. Every
system can be improved, and we support and applaud well thought out improvements
by regulators, legislators and industry representatives that achieve the common
goal of building and protecting the value of investors’ holdings. For
nearly 60 years, Fidelity has worked very hard to improve its products and
service to justify your trust. When our family founded this company in 1946, we
had only a few hundred customers. Today, we serve more than 18 million customers
including individual investors and participants in retirement plans across
America. Let me close by saying that we do not take your trust in us for
granted, and we realize that we must always work to improve all aspects of our
service to you. In turn, we urge you to continue your active participation with
your financial matters, so that your interests can be well served. Best
regards,
/s/ Edward C. Johnson 3dEdward C. Johnson 3d
Annual Report 4

Performance: The Bottom Line
Average annual total return reflects the change in the value of an
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund’s dividend income and capital
gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that have grown in value)
and assuming a constant rate of perfor mance each year. The $10,000 table and
the fund’s returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder
would pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares. During periods
of reimbursement by Fidelity, a fund’s total return will be greater than it
would be had the reimbursement not occurred. How a fund did yesterday is no
guarantee of how it will do tomorrow.


Average Annual Total Returns  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Periods ended November 30, 2005  
  
Past 1  
  
Past 5  
  
Past 10  

  
  
year  
  
years  
  
years  

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund  
  
16.23%  
  
1.73%  
  
9.95%  

  

$10,000 Over 10 Years  
  
  
  
  
  
 

Let’s say hypothetically that $10,000 was invested in
Fidelity®
Growth
Company Fund on November 30, 1995. The chart shows how the value of your
investment would have changed, and also shows how the Russell 3000® Growth Index performed
over the same period. 
5 Annual Report
5


Management’s Discussion of Fund Performance

Comments from Steven Wymer, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity® Growth Company Fund

Numerous events unfolded during the 12 month period ending November 30, 2005, that were major influences on the U.S. equity markets. Issues exerting downward pressure on stocks included
higher levels of inflation, eight short term interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve Board, exorbitant energy prices, and a Category 4 hurricane that devas tated both the city of New Orleans and several nearby oil production and refinery
facilities. Grabbing most of the markets’ upbeat headlines was consistent strength in consumer spending, corporate earnings and gross domestic product (GDP). When all was said and done, investors demonstrated their conviction in the economy,
pushing stocks higher across the board. By period end, the Standard & Poor’s 500SM Index, the NASDAQ Composite® Index and the Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM approached or exceeded four and a half year highs. For the 12 months overall, the S&P 500® was up 8.44%, the NASDAQ® rose 7.28% and the Dow advanced 6.07%, threatening to eclipse the 11,000 threshold for the first time since 2001.

Fidelity Growth Company Fund gained 16.23% for the 12 months ending November 30, 2005, outpacing both the Russell 3000® Growth Index and the LipperSM Growth Funds Average, which had returns of 9.59% and 9.91%, respectively. The fund had a large over weighting in the information technology sector, which provided the biggest contribution by far, led
exclusively by favorable stock picking in the software/services and tech hardware/ equipment areas, with such names as Google, the Internet search engine, open source tech nology leader Red Hat and Apple Computer among the top picks. Good security
selection in health care also provided a boost, led mainly by my choices in the pharmaceuticals and biotechnology group, including such stocks as Celgene and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Overall results were somewhat tempered by a handful of inopportune
stock picks, most notably our investment in Elan, the Irish biotech firm whose fortunes fell under the weight of a well publicized voluntary drug recall in early 2005. In the tech space, detractors included Canada’s Research In Motion, maker of
the BlackBerry wireless messaging device, and Network Appliance, the data storage firm.

The views expressed in this statement reflect those of the portfolio manager only through the end of the period of the report as stated on the cover and do not necessarily represent
the views of Fidelity or any other person in the Fidelity organization. Any such views are subject to change at any time based upon market or other conditions and Fidelity disclaims any responsibility to update such views. These views may not be
relied on as investment advice and, because investment decisions for a Fidelity fund are based on numerous factors, may not be relied on as an indication of trading intent on behalf of any Fidelity fund.


Annual Report



6 6


Shareholder Expense Example
As
a shareholder of the Fund, you incur two types of costs: (1) transaction costs,
and (2) ongoing costs, including management fees and other Fund expenses. This
Example is intended to help you understand your ongoing costs (in dollars) of
investing in the Fund and to compare these costs with the ongoing costs of
investing in other mutual funds. The Example is based on an investment of $1,000
invested at the beginning of the period and held for the entire period (June 1,
2005 to November 30, 2005).



Actual Expenses
The first line of the table below provides information about actual
account values and actual expenses. You may use the information in this line,
together with the amount you invested, to estimate the expenses that you paid
over the period. Simply divide your account value by $1,000.00 (for example, an
$8,600 account value divided by $1,000.00 = 8.6), then multiply the result by
the number in the first line under the heading entitled “Expenses Paid During
Period” to estimate the expenses you paid on your account during this period. A
small balance maintenance fee of $12.00 that is charged once a year may apply
for certain accounts with a value of less than $2,000. This fee is not included
in the table below. If it was, the estimate of expenses you paid during the
period would be higher, and your ending account value lower, by this
amount.
Hypothetical Example for Comparison Purposes
The second line of the table below provides information about
hypothetical account values and hypothetical expenses based on the Fund’s actual
expense ratio and an assumed rate of return of 5% per year before expenses,
which is not the Fund’s actual return. The hypothetical account values and
expenses may not be used to estimate the actual ending account balance or
expenses you paid for the period. You may use this information to compare the
ongoing costs of investing in the Fund and other funds. To do so, compare this
5% hypothetical example with the 5% hypothetical examples that appear in the
share holder reports of the other funds. A small balance maintenance fee of
$12.00 that is charged once a year may apply for certain accounts with a value
of less than $2,000. This fee is not included in the table below. If it was, the
estimate of expenses you paid during the period would be higher, and your ending
account value lower, by this amount.
Please note that the expenses shown in the table are meant to
highlight your ongoing costs only and do not reflect any transaction costs.
Therefore, the second line of the table is useful in comparing ongoing costs
only, and will not help you determine the relative total costs of owning
different funds.


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expenses Paid  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
During Period*  

  
  
  
  
Beginning  
  
Ending  
  
June 1, 2005  

  
  
  
  
Account Value  
  
Account Value  
  
to
  November 30,  

  
  
  
  
June 1, 2005  
  
November 30, 2005  
  
2005  

Actual  
  
$ 
  
  
1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
 
       1,117.00   
$ 
5.15  

Hypothetical (5%
  return per year  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   before expenses)  
  
$ 
  
  
1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
 
       1,020.21   
$  
4.91 

*
Expenses are equal to the Fund’s annualized expense ratio of .97%;
multiplied by the average account value over the period, multiplied by 183/365
(to reflect the one half year period).
7 Annual Report



Investment Changes  
  
  
  
  

  

 Top Ten Stocks as of
  November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.)  
  
5.0 
  
  
4.3 
  

Celgene
  Corp.  
  
3.9 
  
  
2.9 
  

Apple Computer,
  Inc.  
  
3.8 
  
  
2.7 
  

Network
  Appliance, Inc.  
  
2.3 
  
  
3.0 
  

Monsanto
  Co.  
  
2.2 
  
  
2.1 
  

Sepracor,
  Inc.  
  
2.2 
  
  
2.6 
  

QUALCOMM,
  Inc.  
  
2.0 
  
  
1.9 
  

Microsoft
  Corp.  
  
1.7 
  
  
2.1 
  

Johnson &
  Johnson  
  
1.6 
  
  
1.3 
  

Red Hat,
  Inc.  
  
1.6  
  
0.9 
  

  
  
26.3  
  
  

 Top Five Market Sectors as
  of November 30, 2005  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

Information
  Technology  
  
34.0  
  
37.6  

Health
  Care  
  
31.5  
  
30.2  

Consumer
  Staples  
  
7.5 
  
  
6.6 
  

Industrials  
  
7.3 
  
  
8.6 
  

Consumer
  Discretionary  
  
5.3 
  
  
6.0 
   
Annual Report 8



Investments November  30,
  2005  
  
  

Showing
  Percentage of Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Common Stocks
  99.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY – 5.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 0.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

McDonald’s
  Corp.  
  
65,000  
  
$  
  
2,200  

Starbucks Corp.
  (a)  
  
3,218,400  
  
  
  
98,000  

The Cheesecake
  Factory, Inc. (a)  
  
750,977  
  
  
  
27,516  

  
  
  
  
  
  
127,716  

Household Durables – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

LG Electronics,
  Inc.  
  
350,000  
  
  
  
26,516  

Tupperware
  Corp.  
  
50,000  
  
  
  
1,154  

  
  
  
  
  
  
27,670  

Internet & Catalog Retail 0.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Amazon.com, Inc.
  (a)  
  
485,000  
  
  
  
23,503  

eBay, Inc.
  (a)  
  
2,917,200  
  
  
  
130,720  

Stamps.com, Inc.
  (a)  
  
940,000  
  
  
  
22,043  

  
  
  
  
  
  
176,266  

Media – 0.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Comcast Corp.
  Class A (special) (a)  
  
100,000  
  
  
  
2,604  

Discovery
  Holding Co. Class A (a)  
  
85,532  
  
  
  
1,335  

Liberty Global,
  Inc. Class A  
  
42,766  
  
  
  
954  

Liberty Media
  Corp. Class A (a)  
  
855,326  
  
  
  
6,569  

Pixar
  (a)  
  
835,000  
  
  
  
46,292  

Time Warner,
  Inc.  
  
976,950  
  
  
  
17,566  

TiVo, Inc.
  (a)(d)(e)  
  
5,928,259  
  
  
  
31,894  

Viacom, Inc.
  Class B (non-vtg.)  
  
841,977  
  
  
  
28,122  

Walt Disney
  Co.  
  
211,500  
  
  
  
5,273  

  
  
  
  
  
  
140,609  

Multiline Retail – 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Federated
  Department Stores, Inc.  
  
150,000  
  
  
  
9,665  

Kohl’s Corp.
  (a)  
  
100,000  
  
  
  
4,600  

Target
  Corp.  
  
1,065,000  
  
  
  
56,988  

  
  
  
  
  
  
71,253  

Specialty Retail – 2.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Bed Bath &
  Beyond, Inc. (a)  
  
349,200  
  
  
  
14,897  

Best Buy Co.,
  Inc.  
  
1,112,500  
  
  
  
53,667  

Gap,
  Inc.  
  
57,825  
  
  
  
1,005  

Guitar Center,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
1,386,600  
  
  
  
73,129  

Home Depot,
  Inc.  
  
5,331,150  
  
  
  
222,735  

Lowe’s
  Companies, Inc.  
  
1,745,400  
  
  
  
117,780  

Staples,
  Inc.  
  
5,120,602  
  
  
  
118,286  

  
  
  
  
  
  
601,499  

  

See accompanying notes which are an integral
  part of the financial statements.  
  
  
  
  

  

 
                     
                     
                     
                     
         9  
  
  
  
Annual Report  



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods – 1.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Coach, Inc.
  (a)  
  
4,762,200  
  
$ 
  
  
163,963  

NIKE, Inc. Class
  B  
  
1,127,000  
  
  
  
96,133  

Under Armour,
  Inc. Class A  
  
522,700  
  
  
  
11,829  

  
  
  
  
  
  
271,925  

  

TOTAL CONSUMER
  DISCRETIONARY  
  
  
  
  
  
1,416,938  

  

CONSUMER STAPLES 7.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Beverages – 1.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

PepsiCo,
  Inc.  
  
4,386,640  
  
  
  
259,689  

The Coca-Cola
  Co.  
  
5,722,500  
  
  
  
244,294  

  
  
  
  
  
  
503,983  

Food & Staples Retailing – 1.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Costco Wholesale
  Corp.  
  
255,800  
  
  
  
12,785  

CVS
  Corp.  
  
4,137,780  
  
  
  
111,803  

Sysco
  Corp.  
  
308,200  
  
  
  
9,961  

Wal-Mart Stores,
  Inc.  
  
3,331,700  
  
  
  
161,787  

Walgreen
  Co.  
  
1,835,000  
  
  
  
83,823  

Whole Foods
  Market, Inc.  
  
445,000  
  
  
  
65,540  

  
  
  
  
  
  
445,699  

Food Products 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Archer-Daniels
  Midland Co.  
  
3,155,000  
  
  
  
74,363  

Dean Foods Co.
  (a)  
  
1,151,280  
  
  
  
43,967  

General Mills,
  Inc.  
  
490,000  
  
  
  
23,290  

Hershey
  Co.  
  
200,000  
  
  
  
10,844  

Kellogg
  Co.  
  
1,350,000  
  
  
  
59,495  

McCormick &
  Co., Inc. (non-vtg.)  
  
340,000  
  
  
  
10,615  

TreeHouse Foods,
  Inc. (a)  
  
360,256  
  
  
  
7,104  

Wm. Wrigley Jr.
  Co.  
  
1,545,000  
  
  
  
105,972  

  
  
  
  
  
  
335,650  

Household Products – 2.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Clorox
  Co.  
  
385,000  
  
  
  
20,898  

Colgate-Palmolive Co.  
  
575,000  
  
  
  
31,349  

Kimberly Clark
  Corp.  
  
1,031,600  
  
  
  
60,844  

Procter &
  Gamble Co.  
  
7,180,383  
  
  
  
410,646  

  
  
  
  
  
  
523,737  

Personal Products 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Avon Products,
  Inc.  
  
120,000  
  
  
  
3,282 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



10



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER STAPLES – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Tobacco 0.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Altria Group,
  Inc.  
  
2,630,380  
  
$ 
  
  
191,465  

  

TOTAL CONSUMER
  STAPLES  
  
  
  
  
  
2,003,816  

  

ENERGY 4.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Energy Equipment & Services – 1.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Baker Hughes,
  Inc.  
  
1,642,500  
  
  
  
94,197  

Diamond Offshore
  Drilling, Inc.  
  
827,900  
  
  
  
51,810  

Schlumberger
  Ltd. (NY Shares)  
  
542,000  
  
  
  
51,886  

Weatherford
  International Ltd. (a)  
  
2,620,120  
  
  
  
182,125  

  
  
  
  
  
  
380,018  

Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels – 3.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Amerada Hess
  Corp.  
  
2,270,000  
  
  
  
278,120  

Anadarko
  Petroleum Corp  
  
1,165,000  
  
  
  
105,561  

Apache
  Corp.  
  
1,070,000  
  
  
  
69,850  

ConocoPhillips  
  
1,703,810  
  
  
  
103,098  

Devon Energy
  Corp.  
  
2,040,000  
  
  
  
122,808  

EnCana
  Corp.  
  
1,090,000  
  
  
  
48,377  

EOG Resources,
  Inc.  
  
1,120,000  
  
  
  
80,360  

Massey Energy
  Co.  
  
2,216,950  
  
  
  
84,133  

Noble Energy,
  Inc.  
  
850,000  
  
  
  
31,765  

Sasol Ltd.
  sponsored ADR  
  
615,000  
  
  
  
20,541  

  
  
  
  
  
  
944,613  

  

TOTAL
  ENERGY  
  
  
  
  
  
1,324,631  

  

FINANCIALS – 4.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Capital Markets 1.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Ameriprise
  Financial, Inc.  
  
3,397,009  
  
  
  
142,844  

Charles Schwab
  Corp.  
  
5,651,475  
  
  
  
86,185  

Merrill Lynch
  & Co., Inc.  
  
1,035,000  
  
  
  
68,745  

Nomura Holdings,
  Inc.  
  
6,199,300  
  
  
  
103,218  

State Street
  Corp.  
  
510,000  
  
  
  
29,422  

  
  
  
  
  
  
430,414  

Commercial Banks – 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Bank of America
  Corp.  
  
3,795,000  
  
  
  
174,153  

Commerce
  Bancorp, Inc., New Jersey (d)  
  
980,000  
  
  
  
33,016 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
11 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

FINANCIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Commercial Banks – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Synovus
  Financial Corp.  
  
426,900  
  
$ 
  
  
12,017  

Wells Fargo
  & Co.  
  
1,460,000  
  
  
  
91,761  

  
  
  
  
  
  
310,947  

Consumer Finance – 0.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

American Express
  Co.  
  
4,752,548  
  
  
  
244,376  

Diversified Financial Services – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Citigroup,
  Inc.  
  
1,410,197  
  
  
  
68,465  

Insurance – 0.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

American
  International Group, Inc.  
  
2,608,750  
  
  
  
175,151  

Prudential
  Financial, Inc.  
  
233,000  
  
  
  
18,034  

  
  
  
  
  
  
193,185  

Thrifts & Mortgage Finance – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fannie
  Mae  
  
879,300  
  
  
  
42,250  

  

TOTAL
  FINANCIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
1,289,637  

  

HEALTH CARE – 31.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology – 14.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Affymetrix, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
6,383,890  
  
  
  
314,343  

Alexion
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
3,066,390  
  
  
  
59,825  

Alkermes, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
9,017,090  
  
  
  
163,931  

Amgen, Inc.
  (a)  
  
3,627,605  
  
  
  
293,582  

Amylin
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(d)  
  
3,565,000  
  
  
  
133,367  

Applera Corp. –
  Celera Genomics Group (a)  
  
7,459,848  
  
  
  
92,651  

Biogen Idec,
  Inc. (a)  
  
244,164  
  
  
  
10,453  

BioMarin
  Pharmaceutical, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
4,010,500  
  
  
  
39,062  

Celgene Corp.
  (a)(e)  
  
16,960,872  
  
  
  
1,033,256  

Crucell NV
  sponsored ADR (a)(d)  
  
3,705,000  
  
  
  
97,590  

CV Therapeutics,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
4,452,000  
  
  
  
110,098  

DOV
  Pharmaceutical, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
2,303,900  
  
  
  
33,268  

Exelixis, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
8,301,300  
  
  
  
67,075  

Genentech, Inc.
  (a)  
  
865,800  
  
  
  
82,788  

Genzyme Corp.
  (a)  
  
2,325,000  
  
  
  
172,841  

Gilead Sciences,
  Inc. (a)  
  
1,035,000  
  
  
  
52,464  

Human Genome
  Sciences, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
12,755,010  
  
  
  
117,984  

Immunomedics,
  Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
4,987,700  
  
  
  
10,125  

Medarex, Inc.
  (a)  
  
3,689,720  
  
  
  
38,594  

MedImmune, Inc.
  (a)  
  
7,492,800  
  
  
  
269,066  

Millennium
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
2,960,000  
  
  
  
31,110 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



12



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

HEALTH CARE – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Momenta
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
3,035,500  
  
$ 
  
  
67,085  

OSI
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(d)  
  
1,096,460  
  
  
  
26,589  

Protein Design
  Labs, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
7,865,450  
  
  
  
219,053  

Regeneron
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
5,381,000  
  
  
  
60,106  

Seattle
  Genetics, Inc. (a)  
  
1,690,066  
  
  
  
8,400  

Sunesis
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
  
850,000  
  
  
  
4,539  

Threshold
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (e)  
  
1,971,192  
  
  
  
26,434  

Vertex
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
9,807,487  
  
  
  
250,091  

Zymogenetics,
  Inc. (a)  
  
281,800  
  
  
  
4,523  

  
  
  
  
  
  
3,890,293  

Health Care Equipment & Supplies – 5.7% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Alcon,
  Inc.  
  
720,000  
  
  
  
100,944  

Boston
  Scientific Corp. (a)  
  
1,263,000  
  
  
  
33,444  

Dionex Corp.
  (a)  
  
818,000  
  
  
  
38,634  

Foxhollow
  Technologies, Inc. (a)(d)  
  
785,300  
  
  
  
34,192  

Gen-Probe, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
3,146,163  
  
  
  
145,258  

Given Imaging
  Ltd. (a)  
  
35,000  
  
  
  
838  

Hospira, Inc.
  (a)  
  
4,721,520  
  
  
  
208,455  

Medtronic,
  Inc.  
  
2,659,964  
  
  
  
147,814  

Millipore Corp.
  (a)(e)  
  
4,375,870  
  
  
  
279,443  

Palomar Medical
  Technologies, Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
1,607,289  
  
  
  
54,696  

St. Jude
  Medical, Inc. (a)  
  
4,884,200  
  
  
  
233,318  

Thoratec Corp.
  (a)(e)  
  
4,826,689  
  
  
  
98,706  

Varian Medical
  Systems, Inc. (a)  
  
205,000  
  
  
  
10,418  

Ventana Medical
  Systems, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
3,612,041  
  
  
  
139,100  

Zimmer Holdings,
  Inc. (a)  
  
205,970  
  
  
  
12,908  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,538,168  

Health Care Providers & Services – 4.0% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Cardinal Health,
  Inc.  
  
840,000  
  
  
  
53,718  

Cerner Corp.
  (a)(d)(e)  
  
2,241,760  
  
  
  
216,106  

Eclipsys Corp.
  (a)  
  
1,395,000  
  
  
  
25,012  

Emdeon Corp.
  (a)(e)  
  
23,729,200  
  
  
  
181,528  

HCA,
  Inc.  
  
470,000  
  
  
  
23,965  

Laboratory Corp.
  of America Holdings (a)  
  
540,000  
  
  
  
28,021  

McKesson
  Corp.  
  
2,895,000  
  
  
  
145,619  

Medco Health
  Solutions, Inc. (a)  
  
1,006,360  
  
  
  
53,991  

Quest
  Diagnostics, Inc.  
  
1,020,000  
  
  
  
51,092 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
13 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

HEALTH CARE – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Health Care Providers & Services –
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

UnitedHealth
  Group, Inc.  
  
4,441,400  
  
$ 
  
  
265,862  

WebMD Health
  Corp. Class A (a)(d)(e)  
  
545,200  
  
  
  
14,442  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,059,356  

Pharmaceuticals – 7.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Abbott
  Laboratories  
  
2,795,200  
  
  
  
105,407  

Allergan,
  Inc.  
  
500,000  
  
  
  
50,000  

Atherogenics,
  Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
3,455,000  
  
  
  
51,790  

Barr
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
585,175  
  
  
  
33,560  

Bristol-Myers
  Squibb Co.  
  
1,109,700  
  
  
  
23,958  

Elan Corp. PLC
  sponsored ADR (a)  
  
3,510,000  
  
  
  
36,329  

Eli Lilly &
  Co.  
  
1,410,000  
  
  
  
71,205  

Forest
  Laboratories, Inc. (a)  
  
305,000  
  
  
  
11,916  

IVAX Corp.
  (a)  
  
150,000  
  
  
  
4,494  

Johnson &
  Johnson  
  
7,038,300  
  
  
  
434,615  

Merck & Co.,
  Inc.  
  
1,139,300  
  
  
  
33,495  

Pfizer,
  Inc.  
  
7,896,000  
  
  
  
167,395  

Schering-Plough
  Corp.  
  
8,832,600  
  
  
  
170,646  

Sepracor, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
10,585,573  
  
  
  
581,995  

Watson
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
1,835,000  
  
  
  
61,216  

Wyeth  
  
2,310,200  
  
  
  
96,012  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,934,033  

  

TOTAL HEALTH
  CARE  
  
  
  
  
  
8,421,850  

  

INDUSTRIALS – 7.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Aerospace & Defense – 0.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Honeywell
  International, Inc.  
  
1,015,000  
  
  
  
37,088  

Lockheed Martin
  Corp.  
  
535,100  
  
  
  
32,427  

The Boeing
  Co.  
  
2,055,000  
  
  
  
140,130  

  
  
  
  
  
  
209,645  

Air
  Freight & Logistics – 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

United Parcel
  Service, Inc. Class B  
  
1,004,800  
  
  
  
78,274  

Airlines – 4.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

AMR Corp.
  (a)(d)(e)  
  
11,162,500  
  
  
  
188,535  

Gol Linhas
  Aereas Inteligentes SA sponsored ADR (d)  
  
1,515,000  
  
  
  
68,948  

JetBlue Airways
  Corp. (a)(d)(e)  
  
10,742,786  
  
  
  
198,097  

Ryanair Holdings
  PLC:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   warrants (UBS Warrant Programme) 2/25/06 (a)  
  
3,230,000  
  
  
  
27,225  

    sponsored ADR
  (a)  
  
945,000  
  
  
  
47,080 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



14



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INDUSTRIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Airlines – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Southwest
  Airlines Co.  
  
23,106,263  
  
$ 
  
  
381,253  

US Airways
  Group, Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
6,454,233  
  
  
  
216,798  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,127,936  

Commercial Services & Supplies – 0.0% 

  
  
  
  
  
  

Monster
  Worldwide, Inc. (a)  
  
67,900  
  
  
  
2,641  

Electrical Equipment – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Color Kinetics,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
1,561,400  
  
  
  
24,155  

Industrial Conglomerates – 1.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

3M
  Co.  
  
1,745,000  
  
  
  
136,948  

General Electric
  Co.  
  
7,925,000  
  
  
  
283,081  

  
  
  
  
  
  
420,029  

Machinery – 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Caterpillar,
  Inc.  
  
350,000  
  
  
  
20,223  

Deere &
  Co.  
  
159,900  
  
  
  
11,089  

ITT Industries,
  Inc.  
  
290,000  
  
  
  
31,540  

Pall
  Corp.  
  
1,125,000  
  
  
  
31,230  

  
  
  
  
  
  
94,082  

  

TOTAL
  INDUSTRIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
1,956,762  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – 34.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – 5.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

CIENA Corp.
  (a)  
  
1,974,400  
  
  
  
5,903  

Cisco Systems,
  Inc. (a)  
  
9,462,600  
  
  
  
165,974  

Comverse
  Technology, Inc. (a)  
  
950,000  
  
  
  
24,900  

Corning, Inc.
  (a)  
  
6,358,000  
  
  
  
128,750  

F5 Networks,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
3,845,723  
  
  
  
203,170  

Harris
  Corp.  
  
760,000  
  
  
  
33,881  

Juniper
  Networks, Inc. (a)  
  
1,025,000  
  
  
  
23,052  

Motorola,
  Inc.  
  
3,190,000  
  
  
  
76,847  

NMS
  Communications Corp. (a)(e)  
  
3,109,494  
  
  
  
12,189  

QUALCOMM,
  Inc.  
  
11,918,400  
  
  
  
541,930  

Research In
  Motion Ltd. (a)  
  
1,520,000  
  
  
  
92,338  

Sonus Networks,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
24,937,670  
  
  
  
102,494  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,411,428  

Computers & Peripherals – 7.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Apple Computer,
  Inc. (a)(d)  
  
14,870,000  
  
  
  
1,008,483  

Dell, Inc.
  (a)  
  
4,485,600  
  
  
  
135,286  

Hewlett-Packard
  Co.  
  
485,000  
  
  
  
14,390 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
15 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Computers & Peripherals – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

International
  Business Machines Corp.  
  
49,800  
  
$ 
  
  
4,427  

Lexmark
  International, Inc. Class A (a)  
  
36,900  
  
  
  
1,757  

Network
  Appliance, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
21,497,208  
  
  
  
625,999  

Palm, Inc.
  (a)(d)(e)  
  
4,770,444  
  
  
  
135,385  

SanDisk Corp.
  (a)  
  
2,200,000  
  
  
  
112,332  

Seagate
  Technology  
  
550,000  
  
  
  
10,406  

Sun
  Microsystems, Inc. (a)  
  
14,786,500  
  
  
  
55,745  

  
  
  
  
  
  
2,104,210  

Electronic Equipment & Instruments –
  0.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Agilent
  Technologies, Inc. (a)  
  
1,100,000  
  
  
  
39,226  

Itron, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,125,000  
  
  
  
52,594  

RAE Systems,
  Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
3,160,000  
  
  
  
11,502  

Sunpower Corp.
  Class A (e)  
  
777,600  
  
  
  
19,440  

Symbol
  Technologies, Inc.  
  
2,544,504  
  
  
  
29,084  

Trimble
  Navigation Ltd. (a)  
  
982,500  
  
  
  
32,010  

Universal
  Display Corp. (a)(d)  
  
1,365,000  
  
  
  
15,902  

  
  
  
  
  
  
199,758  

Internet Software & Services – 6.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

aQuantive, Inc.
  (a)  
  
2,745,000  
  
  
  
73,813  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.) (a)  
  
3,312,448  
  
  
  
1,341,510  

Openwave
  Systems, Inc. (a)(e)  
  
4,135,000  
  
  
  
68,682  

VeriSign, Inc.
  (a)  
  
200,000  
  
  
  
4,446  

Yahoo!, Inc.
  (a)  
  
4,926,340  
  
  
  
198,187  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,686,638  

IT
  Services – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Cognizant
  Technology Solutions Corp. Class A (a)  
  
1,287,358  
  
  
  
62,553  

First Data
  Corp.  
  
50,000  
  
  
  
2,164  

Hewitt
  Associates, Inc. Class A (a)  
  
13,800  
  
  
  
354  

  
  
  
  
  
  
65,071  

Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment –
  8.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Advanced Micro
  Devices, Inc. (a)  
  
9,230,000  
  
  
  
241,641  

Altera Corp.
  (a)  
  
2,564,400  
  
  
  
46,826  

Analog Devices,
  Inc.  
  
1,324,900  
  
  
  
50,240  

Applied
  Materials, Inc.  
  
1,515,400  
  
  
  
27,444  

Atheros
  Communications, Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
3,815,000  
  
  
  
36,967  

Atheros
  Communications, Inc. (a)(e)(f)  
  
1,741,486  
  
  
  
16,875  

Broadcom Corp.
  Class A (a)  
  
675,000  
  
  
  
31,415  

Cirrus Logic,
  Inc. (a)(e)  
  
5,415,000  
  
  
  
40,937  

Cree, Inc.
  (a)(d)(e)  
  
7,524,850  
  
  
  
201,892 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



16



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment –
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Cypress
  Semiconductor Corp. (a)(d)(e)  
  
13,185,000  
  
$ 
  
  
197,775  

FEI Co.
  (a)(e)  
  
2,048,100  
  
  
  
40,880  

Freescale
  Semiconductor, Inc.:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
  Class A (a)  
  
2,840,021  
  
  
  
73,131  

     
  Class B (a)  
  
4,966,846  
  
  
  
128,145  

Intel
  Corp.  
  
7,915,800  
  
  
  
211,194  

International
  Rectifier Corp. (a)(e)  
  
3,581,300  
  
  
  
126,993  

KLA Tencor
  Corp.  
  
510,000  
  
  
  
26,107  

Linear
  Technology Corp.  
  
625,800  
  
  
  
23,349  

Marvell
  Technology Group Ltd. (a)  
  
2,846,655  
  
  
  
158,103  

MEMC Electronic
  Materials, Inc. (a)  
  
100,000  
  
  
  
2,238  

Micron
  Technology, Inc. (a)  
  
4,291,800  
  
  
  
61,201  

MIPS
  Technologies, Inc. (a)  
  
1,977,227  
  
  
  
11,685  

National
  Semiconductor Corp.  
  
1,818,204  
  
  
  
47,055  

O2Micro
  International Ltd. sponsored ADR (a)  
  
1,294,790  
  
  
  
14,799  

PortalPlayer,
  Inc. (d)  
  
563,300  
  
  
  
13,536  

Power
  Integrations, Inc. (a)  
  
62,500  
  
  
  
1,363  

Samsung
  Electronics Co. Ltd.  
  
50,000  
  
  
  
28,819  

SigmaTel, Inc.
  (a)  
  
149,968  
  
  
  
2,184  

Silicon Image,
  Inc. (a)  
  
3,077,901  
  
  
  
29,886  

Silicon
  Laboratories, Inc. (a)  
  
993,415  
  
  
  
38,594  

Texas
  Instruments, Inc.  
  
6,351,000  
  
  
  
206,280  

Virage Logic
  Corp. (a)(e)  
  
2,096,790  
  
  
  
21,995  

Xilinx,
  Inc.  
  
1,015,100  
  
  
  
26,839  

  
  
  
  
  
  
2,186,388  

Software 5.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Adobe Systems,
  Inc.  
  
1,894,800  
  
  
  
61,789  

Autodesk, Inc.
  (a)  
  
100,000  
  
  
  
4,172  

Cognos, Inc.
  (a)  
  
345,000  
  
  
  
11,535  

JAMDAT Mobile,
  Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
1,623,670  
  
  
  
37,133  

Macromedia, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,082,200  
  
  
  
48,547  

Microsoft
  Corp.  
  
16,390,000  
  
  
  
454,167  

Oracle Corp.
  (a)  
  
3,765,000  
  
  
  
47,326  

Red Hat, Inc.
  (a)(e)  
  
18,349,401  
  
  
  
432,495  

Salesforce.com,
  Inc. (a)(d)(e)  
  
10,272,000  
  
  
  
327,163  

Symantec Corp.
  (a)  
  
1,990,800  
  
  
  
35,177  

  
  
  
  
  
  
1,459,504  

  

 TOTAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
  
  
  
  
  
9,112,997 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
17 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

MATERIALS 2.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chemicals – 2.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Dow Chemical
  Co.  
  
125,000  
  
$ 
  
  
5,656  

Minerals
  Technologies, Inc. (e)  
  
1,450,000  
  
  
  
82,099  

Monsanto
  Co.  
  
7,972,489  
  
  
  
584,144  

Mosaic Co.
  (a)  
  
1,270,000  
  
  
  
17,196  

Potash Corp. of
  Saskatchewan  
  
190,400  
  
  
  
13,871  

  
  
  
  
  
  
702,966  

Metals & Mining – 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Barrick Gold
  Corp. (d)  
  
1,327,500  
  
  
  
35,314  

Inco
  Ltd.  
  
41,000  
  
  
  
1,801  

Nucor
  Corp.  
  
530,000  
  
  
  
35,552  

  
  
  
  
  
  
72,667  

Paper & Forest Products 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Neenah Paper,
  Inc.  
  
17,472  
  
  
  
490  

  

 
   TOTAL MATERIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
776,123  

  

TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES – 1.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Diversified Telecommunication Services –
  0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Level 3
  Communications, Inc. (a)(d)  
  
525,000  
  
  
  
1,785  

Wireless Telecommunication Services – 1.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ALLTEL
  Corp.  
  
2,645,000  
  
  
  
176,765  

Sprint Nextel
  Corp.  
  
6,749,449  
  
  
  
169,006  

Vodafone Group
  PLC sponsored ADR  
  
212,660  
  
  
  
4,583  

  
  
  
  
  
  
350,354  

  

 
   TOTAL TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES  
  
  
  
  
  
352,139  

  

TOTAL COMMON STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $21,831,283)  
  
  
  
26,654,893  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



18



Preferred Stocks
  0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares 

  
  
  
Value (Note
  1)  

  
  
  
  
  
  
(000s) 
  

Convertible
  Preferred Stocks 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

HEALTH CARE –
  0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology –
  0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Perlegen Sciences, Inc. Series
  D, 8.00% (f)  
  
12,820,512  
  
  
  
$  
  
20,000  

Convertible
  Preferred Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

INFORMATION
  TECHNOLOGY – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications
  Equipment – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Procket Networks, Inc. Series C
  (a)(f)  
  
2,531,390  
  
  
  
  
  
0  

TOTAL CONVERTIBLE
  PREFERRED STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
20,000 
  

Nonconvertible
  Preferred Stocks 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

HEALTH CARE –
  0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology –
  0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

GeneProt, Inc. Series A
  (a)(f)  
  
1,373,363  
  
  
  
  
  
1  

TOTAL PREFERRED
  STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $52,478)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
20,001 
  

Money Market Funds
  3.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fidelity Cash Central Fund,
  4.08% (b)  
  
152,218,313  
  
  
  
  
  
152,218  

Fidelity Securities Lending Cash
  Central Fund, 4.09% (b)(c)  
  
794,797,336  
  
  
  
  
  
794,797  

TOTAL MONEY MARKET
  FUNDS  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $947,015)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
947,015 
  

  

TOTAL INVESTMENT
  PORTFOLIO 103.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $22,830,776) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
27,621,909  

  

NET OTHER ASSETS –
  (3.0)%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(795,521) 
  

NET ASSETS
  100%  
  
  
  
  
  
$

26,826,388 
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
19 Annual Report

Investments continued



Legend(a) Non-income
  producing(b) Affiliated fund that is available only
  toinvestment companies and other accountsmanaged by
  Fidelity Investments. Therate quoted is the annualized seven
  dayyield of the fund at period end. Acomplete
  unaudited listing of the fund’sholdings as of its most recent quarter
  endis available upon request.(c) Investment made with
  cash collateralreceived from securities on
  loan.(d) Security or a portion of the security is
  onloan at period end.(e) Affiliated
  company



(f) Restricted securities – Investment insecurities not
  registered under theSecurities Act of 1933 (excluding
  144Aissues). At the end of the period, thevalue of
  restricted securities (excluding144A issues) amounted to
  $36,876,000or 0.1% of net assets.
Additional information on each holding is as follows:


  
  
Acquisition  
  
Acquisition  

Security  
  
Date  
  
Cost (000s)

Atheros  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications,  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Inc.  
  
4/18/01  
  
$ 
  
  
15,000  

GeneProt,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Series
  A  
  
7/7/00  
  
$ 
  
  
7,553  

Perlegen  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Sciences,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Series D,
  8.00%  
  
2/23/05  
  
$ 
  
  
20,000  

Procket
  Networks,  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Inc. Series
  C  
  
2/9/01  
  
$ 
  
  
25,000 
  
Affiliated Central Funds
Information regarding income received by the fund from the
affiliated Central funds during the period is as follows:


Fund  
  
  
  
Income
  received  

  
  
  

(Amounts in
  thousands)

Fidelity Cash Central
  Fund  
  
  
$ 
3,296  

Fidelity Security Lending Cash
  Central Fund  
  
  
  
7,429  

Total  
  
 
$ 
10,725 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
Annual Report 20




Other Affiliated
Issuers
An
affiliated company is a company in which the fund has ownership of at least 5%
of the voting securities. Transactions during the period with companies which
are or were affiliates are as follows:


  
  
Value,
  
Purchases  
  
  
  
Sales  
  
  
  
Dividend  
  
Value, end  

Affiliate  
  
beginning of
  
  
  
  
  
Proceeds  
  
  
  
Income  
  
of
  period  

(Amounts in thousands)  
  
period
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Affymetrix,
  Inc.  
  
$ 206,949  
  
$ 13,051  
  
$ 
  
  
—  
  
$ 
  
  
—  
  
$ 314,343  

Alexion
  Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
55,877  
  
9,485  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
59,825  

Alkermes,
  Inc.  
  
97,486  
  
24,177  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
163,931  

American
  Power  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Conversion Corp.  
  
84,560  
  
160,394  
  
  
  
270,718  
  
  
  
2,804  
  
—  

AMR
  Corp.  
  
144,141  
  
—  
  
  
  
58,963  
  
  
  
—  
  
188,535  

Atherogenics,
  Inc.  
  
50,858  
  
24,965  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
51,790  

Atheros
  Communications,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
28,199  
  
14,398  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
36,967  

Atheros
  Communications,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
19,487  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
16,875  

Avid Technology,
  Inc.  
  
139,114  
  
—  
  
  
  
137,770  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

BioMarin
  Pharmaceutical,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
—  
  
27,823  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
39,062  

Celgene
  Corp.  
  
451,412  
  
33,136  
  
  
  
2,010  
  
  
  
—  
  
1,033,256  

Cerner
  Corp.  
  
187,776  
  
16,328  
  
  
  
82,519  
  
  
  
—  
  
216,106  

Cirrus Logic,
  Inc.  
  
49,249  
  
—  
  
  
  
16,200  
  
  
  
—  
  
40,937  

Cognizant
  Technology  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Solutions Corp. Class A  
  
330,677  
  
8,442  
  
  
  
340,330  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

Color Kinetics,
  Inc.  
  
5,720  
  
16,823  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
24,155  

Cree,
  Inc.  
  
265,514  
  
50,943  
  
  
  
54,781  
  
  
  
—  
  
201,892  

CV Therapeutics,
  Inc.  
  
70,345  
  
26,875  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
110,098  

Cypress
  Semiconductor  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Corp.  
  
—  
  
197,872  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
197,775  

Dionex
  Corp.  
  
68,868  
  
10,964  
  
  
  
25,334  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

DOV
  Pharmaceutical, Inc.  
  
—  
  
39,340  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
33,268  

Emdeon
  Corp.  
  
—  
  
96,951  
  
  
  
31,619  
  
  
  
—  
  
181,528  

Exelixis,
  Inc.  
  
26,103  
  
41,335  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
67,075  

F5 Networks,
  Inc.  
  
148,776  
  
18,953  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
203,170  

FEI
  Co.  
  
59,250  
  
220  
  
  
  
14,416  
  
  
  
—  
  
40,880  

Gen Probe,
  Inc.  
  
14,763  
  
129,986  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
145,258  

Guitar Center,
  Inc.  
  
—  
  
81,315  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
73,129  

Hudson Highland
  Group,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
24,835  
  
—  
  
  
  
35,949  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

Human Genome
  Sciences,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Inc.  
  
140,305  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
117,984  

Immunomedics,
  Inc.  
  
14,015  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
10,125  

International
  Rectifier Corp.  
  
159,198  
  
87,056  
  
  
  
76,709  
  
  
  
—  
  
126,993 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
21 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
  
  
  
Value,
  
Purchases  
  
  
  
 Sales  
  
  
  
Dividend  
  
Value, end  

Affiliate  
  


beginning of
  
  
  
  
  
Proceeds  
  
  
  
Income  
  
of
  period  

(Amounts in thousands)  
  
  
  
period
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 JAMDAT Mobile, Inc.  
  
$ 
  
  
—  
  
$ 63,922  
  
$ 
  
  
16,806  
  
$ 
  
  
—  
  
$ 37,133  

 JetBlue Airways Corp.  
  
  
  
196,841  
  
51,730  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
198,097  

 Macromedia, Inc.  
  
  
  
2,996  
  
185,394  
  
  
  
169,907  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Magma Design  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Automation, Inc.  
  
  
  
23,378  
  
—  
  
  
  
17,986  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Microvision, Inc.  
  
  
  
8,622  
  
—  
  
  
  
7,095  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Millipore Corp.  
  
  
  
161,507  
  
154,350  
  
  
  
79,366  
  
  
  
—  
  
279,443  

 Minerals Technologies, Inc.  
  
  
  
44,455  
  
51,522  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
248  
  
82,099  

 MIPS Technologies, Inc.  
  
  
  
33,801  
  
1,136  
  
  
  
11,482  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Momenta Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
80,171  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
67,085  

 Network Appliance, Inc.  
  
  
  
911,794  
  
15,736  
  
  
  
242,252  
  
  
  
—  
  
625,999  

 Neurocrine Biosciences,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Inc.  
  
  
  
100,644  
  
—  
  
  
  
90,942  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 NMS Communications  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Corp.  
  
  
  
18,971  
  
3,837  
  
  
  
3,967  
  
  
  
—  
  
12,189  

 Novell, Inc.  
  
  
  
117,852  
  
34,920  
  
  
  
150,936  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 O2Micro International Ltd.  
  
  
  
41,621  
  
—  
  
  
  
24,061  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 ONYX Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Inc.  
  
  
  
56,761  
  
2,040  
  
  
  
49,364  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Openwave Systems, Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
69,389  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
68,682  

 OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
  
  
  
211,834  
  
16,667  
  
  
  
136,670  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Packeteer, Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
49,708  
  
  
  
41,322  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Palm, Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
32,133  
  
  
  
5,596  
  
  
  
—  
  
135,385  

 palmOne, Inc.  
  
  
  
130,965  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 PalmSource, Inc.  
  
  
  
19,619  
  
—  
  
  
  
9,945  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Palomar Medical  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Technologies, Inc.  
  
  
  
9,125  
  
28,041  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
54,696  

 Pinnacle Systems, Inc.  
  
  
  
30,422  
  
—  
  
  
  
60,904  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 PortalPlayer, Inc.  
  
  
  
—  
  
68,992  
  
  
  
45,537  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Protein Design Labs, Inc.  
  
  
  
83,632  
  
79,403  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
219,053  

 RAE Systems, Inc.  
  
  
  
1,684  
  
21,398  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
11,502  

 Red Hat, Inc.  
  
  
  
265,699  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
432,495  

 Regeneron  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
     Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
  
  
  
49,117  
  
604  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
60,106  

 Salesforce.com, Inc.  
  
  
  
60,324  
  
132,348  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
327,163  

 Sepracor, Inc.  
  
  
  
413,256  
  
64,327  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
581,995  

 Shopping.com Ltd.  
  
  
  
—  
  
59,984  
  
  
  
40,208  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 SigmaTel, Inc.  
  
  
  
494  
  
106,185  
  
  
  
65,103  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Silicon Image, Inc.  
  
  
  
128,752  
  
—  
  
  
  
41,398  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

 Sonus Networks, Inc.  
  
  
  
163,320  
  
951  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
102,494  

 Sunpower Corp. Class A  
  
  
  
—  
  
19,962  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
19,440 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



22



  
  
Value,
  
Purchases  
  
Sales  
  
  
  
Dividend 
  
  
Value,
  end  

Affiliate  
  
beginning of
  
  
  
  
  
Proceeds
  
  
  
Income 

  
  of period 
  

(Amounts in
  thousands)  
  
period
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Tanox, Inc.  
  
$ 32,354  
  
$  
  
—  
  
$ 28,193  
  
$  
  
—  
  
$  
  
—  

Thoratec Corp.  
  
40,978  
  
  
  
19,360  
  
6,918  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
98,706  

Threshold
  Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Inc.  
  
—  
  
  
  
21,896  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
26,434  

TiVo, Inc.  
  
36,518  
  
  
  
5,491  
  
13,006  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
31,894  

Transkaryotic
  Therapies,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Inc.  
  
37,618  
  
  
  
44,737  
  
128,982  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  

Trident Microsystems,
  Inc.  
  
18,901  
  
  
  
441  
  
20,030  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  

Trimble Navigation
  Ltd.  
  
92,895  
  
  
  
15,873  
  
78,723  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  

US Airways Group,
  Inc.  
  
—  
  
  
  
157,968  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
216,798  

Veeco Instruments,
  Inc.  
  
30,151  
  
  
  
—  
  
29,495  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  

Ventana Medical
  Systems,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Inc.  
  
—  
  
  
  
142,559  
  
3,093  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
139,100  

Vertex
  Pharmaceuticals,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Inc.  
  
85,158  
  
  
  
29,282  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
250,091  

Virage Logic Corp. 
  
  
31,515  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
21,995  

WebMD Corp.  
  
173,487  
  
  
  
—  
  
45,683  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  

WebMD Health Corp. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Class
  A  
  
—  
  
  
  
13,273  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
14,442  

Total  
  
$6,710,538  
  
$

2,976,562 
  
$2,812,288  
  
$  
  
3,052  
  
$

7,809,473 
Income Tax Information
At
November 30, 2005, the fund had a capital loss carryforward of approximately
$3,029,175,000 of which $410,203,000, $2,490,827,000 and $128,145,000 will
expire on November 30, 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
23 Annual Report




Financial Statements 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



 
  



 
  



  Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Amounts in thousands (except per share amount) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

November 30, 2005 
  



 
  



Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Investment in securities, at value (including securities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    loaned of $772,806) See accompanying schedule: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Unaffiliated issuers (cost $15,430,380) 
  

   

$ 
  

   

18,865,421 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Affiliated Central Funds (cost $947,015) 
  

   

 
  

   

947,015 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Other affiliated issuers (cost $6,453,381) 
  

   

 
  

   

7,809,473 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Total Investments (cost $22,830,776) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

27,621,909 
  



Cash 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

277 
  



Receivable for investments sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

139,707 
  



Receivable for fund shares sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

43,426 
  



Dividends receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

18,607 
  



Interest receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

418 
  



Prepaid expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

135 
  



Other affiliated receivables 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

160 
  



Other receivables 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

1,446 
  



    Total assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

27,826,085 
  



 
  



Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Payable for investments purchased 
  

   

$ 
  

   

145,504 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Payable for fund shares redeemed 
  

   

 
  

   

37,404 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Accrued management fee 
  

   

 
  

   

16,195 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Other affiliated payables 
  

   

 
  

   

5,213 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Other payables and accrued expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

584 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Collateral on securities loaned, at value 
  

   

 
  

   

794,797 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Total liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

999,697 
  



 
  



Net Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

26,826,388 
  



Net Assets consist of: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Paid in capital 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

25,238,294 
  



Accumulated net investment loss 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(458) 
  



Accumulated undistributed net realized gain (loss) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    investments and foreign currency transactions 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(3,202,541) 
  



Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    investments and assets and liabilities in foreign 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    currencies 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

4,791,093 
  



Net Assets, for 429,665 shares outstanding 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

26,826,388 
  



Net Asset Value, offering price and redemption price per 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    share ($26,826,388 ÷ 429,665 shares) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

62.44 
  



See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial statements.

Annual Report 24



Statement of Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Amounts in thousands  
  
  
  
Year ended November 30, 2005  

  

Investment Income  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Dividends
  (including $3,052 received from other  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   affiliated issuers)  
  
  
  
$  
  
140,357  

Interest  
  
  
  
  
  
47  

Income from
  affiliated Central Funds  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   (including $7,429 from security lending)  
  
  
  
  
  
10,725  

 
   Total income  
  
  
  
  
  
151,129  

  

Expenses  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Management
  fee  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Basic fee  
  
$ 
  
  
140,204  
  
  

 
   Performance adjustment  
  
  
  
36,488  
  
  

Transfer agent
  fees  
  
  
  
54,337  
  
  

Accounting and
  security lending fees  
  
  
  
1,946  
  
  

Independent
  trustees’ compensation  
  
  
  
111  
  
  

Appreciation in
  deferred trustee compensation account  
  
  
  
57  
  
  

Custodian fees
  and expenses  
  
  
  
637  
  
  

Registration
  fees  
  
  
  
120  
  
  

Audit  
  
  
  
148  
  
  

Legal  
  
  
  
97  
  
  

Interest  
  
  
  
1  
  
  

Miscellaneous  
  
  
  
997  
  
  

 
   Total expenses before reductions  
  
  
  
235,143  
  
  

 
   Expense reductions  
  
  
  
(5,624)  
  
229,519  

  

Net
  investment income (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
(78,390)  

Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Net realized
  gain (loss) on:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Investment securities:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

       Unaffiliated
  issuers  
  
  
  
1,194,930  
  
  

 
     Other affiliated issuers  
  
  
  
263,290  
  
  

 
   Foreign currency transactions  
  
  
  
(77)  
  
  

Total net
  realized gain (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
1,458,143  

Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
  on:  
  
  
  
  

 
   Investment securities  
  
  
  
2,381,735  
  
  

 
   Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies  
  
  
  
(79)  
  
  

Total change in
  net unrealized appreciation  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   (depreciation)  
  
  
  
  
  
2,381,656  

Net
  gain (loss)  
  
  
  
  
  
3,839,799  

Net
  increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   operations  
  
  
  
$  
  
3,761,409 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
25 Annual Report



Financial Statements continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Statement of Changes in
  Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
Year ended  
  
  
  
Year ended  

  
  
  
  
November 30,  
  
  
  
November 30,  

Amounts in thousands  
  
  
  
2005  
  
  
  
2004  

Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  investment income (loss)  
  
$  
  
(78,390)  
  
$ 
  
  
35,405  

 
   Net
  realized gain (loss)  
  
  
  
1,458,143  
  
  
  
1,992,824  

   Change in net unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) .  
  
2,381,656  
  
  
  
(79,657)  

 
   Net increase (decrease) in net assets
  resulting  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       from operations  
  
  
  
3,761,409  
  
  
  
1,948,572  

Distributions to
  shareholders from net investment income  
  
.  
  
(35,960)  
  
  
  
—  

Share
  transactions  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Proceeds from sales of shares  
  
  
  
4,382,921  
  
  
  
5,916,605  

 
   Reinvestment of distributions  
  
  
  
35,473  
  
  
  
—  

 
   Cost
  of shares redeemed  
  
  
  
(5,486,626)  
  
  
  
(6,076,697)  

 
   Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting
  from  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       share transactions  
  
  
  
(1,068,232)  
  
  
  
(160,092)  

 
   Total increase (decrease) in net assets  
  
  
  
2,657,217  
  
  
  
1,788,480  

  

Net
  Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Beginning of period  
  
  
  
24,169,171  
  
  
  
22,380,691  

 
   End
  of period (including accumulated net investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       loss of $458 and undistributed net investment 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       income of $34,359, respectively)  
  
$  
  
26,826,388  
  
$ 
  
  
24,169,171  

  

Other Information  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Shares  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Sold  
  
  
  
78,149  
  
  
  
116,542  

 
   Issued in reinvestment of distributions  
  
  
  
643  
  
  
  
—  

 
   Redeemed  
  
  
  
(98,355)  
  
  
  
(120,395)  

 
   Net
  increase (decrease)  
  
  
  
(19,563)  
  
  
  
(3,853) 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



26



Financial Highlights  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

Years ended November 30,  
  
  
  
2005  
  
2004  
  
  
  
2003  
  
  
  
2002  
  
 2001 
  

Selected Per Share Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Net asset
  value,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   beginning of period  
  
$  
  
53.80  
  
$ 49.40  
  
$  
  
39.35  
  
$  
  
52.85  
  
$ 74.76  

Income from
  Investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       income (loss)B  
  
  
  
(.18)  
  
.08C  
  
  
  
(.01)  
  
  
  
(.16)  
  
(.17)  

 
   Net
  realized and unrealized  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       gain (loss)  
  
  
  
8.90  
  
4.32  
  
  
  
10.06  
  
  
  
(13.34)  
  
(15.03)  

 
   Total from investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       operations  
  
  
  
8.72  
  
4.40  
  
  
  
10.05  
  
  
  
(13.50)  
  
(15.20)  

Distributions
  from net investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   income  
  
  
  
(.08)  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  

Distributions
  from net realized  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   gain  
  
  
  
—  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
(6.71)  

Net asset value,
  end of period .  
  
$  
  
62.44  
  
$ 53.80  
  
$  
  
49.40  
  
$  
  
39.35  
  
$ 52.85  

Total ReturnA  
  
  
  
16.23%  
  
8.91%  
  
  
  
25.54%  
  
  
  
(25.54)%  
  
(22.55)%  

Ratios to Average Net AssetsD  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Expenses before reductions  
  
  
  
96%  
  
.84%  
  
  
  
.85%  
  
  
  
1.12%  
  
.98%  

 
   Expenses net of fee waivers,  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       if any  
  
  
  
96%  
  
.84%  
  
  
  
.85%  
  
  
  
1.12%  
  
.98%  

 
   Expenses net of all reductions  
  
  
  
.94%  
  
.82%  
  
  
  
.83%  
  
  
  
1.08%  
  
.95%  

 
   Net
  investment income (loss) .  
  
  
  
(.32)%  
  
.15%  
  
  
  
(.03)%  
  
  
  
(.38)%  
  
(.29)%  

Supplemental Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  assets, end of period  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       (in millions)  
  
$

26,826 
  
$24,169  
  
$

22,381 
  
$

   16,423 
  
$22,444  

 
   Portfolio turnover rate  
  
  
  
50%  
  
49%  
  
  
  
47%  
  
  
  
63%  
  
93% 




A Total returns would have been lower had
  certain expenses not been reduced during the periods
  shown.B Calculated based on average shares
  outstanding during the period.C Investment income per share
  reflects a special dividend which amounted to $.18 per
  share.D Expense ratios reflect operating
  expenses of the fund. Expenses before reductions do not reflect amounts
  reimbursed by the investment adviser orreductions from
  brokerage service arrangements or other expense offset arrangements and do
  not represent the amount paid by the fund duringperiods when
  reimbursements or reductions occur. Expenses net of fee waivers reflect
  expenses after reimbursement by the investment adviser
  butprior to reductions from brokerage service arrangements or
  other expense offset arrangements. Expenses net of all reductions
  represent the netexpenses paid by the
  fund.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
27 Annual Report


Notes to Financial Statements

For the period ended November 30, 2005

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

1. Significant Accounting Policies.

Fidelity Growth Company Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares. The trust is regis tered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), as an open end management investment company organized as a Massachusetts business trust. The fund may invest in affiliated money market central funds (Money Market Central Funds)
which are open end investment companies available to investment companies and other accounts managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) and its affiliates. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require management to make certain estimates and assumptions at the date of the financial statements. The following summarizes the significant accounting policies of the
fund:

Security Valuation. Investments are valued and net asset value (NAV) per share is calculated (NAV
calculation) as of the close of business of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), normally 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. Wherever possible, the fund uses independent pricing services approved by the Board of Trustees to value its investments.

Equity securities, including restricted securities, for which market quotations are readily available, are valued at the last reported sale price or official closing price as reported
by an independent pricing service on the primary market or exchange on which they are traded. In the event there were no sales during the day or closing prices are not available, securities are valued at the last quoted bid price. Investments in
open end mutual funds, are valued at their closing net asset value each business day. Short term securities with remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which quotations are not readily available are valued at amortized cost, which
approximates value.

When current market prices or quotations are not readily available or do not accurately reflect fair value, valuations may be determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the
Board of Trustees. For example, when developments occur between the close of a market and the close of the NYSE that may materially affect the value of some or all of the securities, or when trading in a security is halted, those securities may be
fair valued. Factors used in the determination of fair value may include monitoring news to identify significant market or security specific events such as changes in the value of U.S. securi ties market, reviewing developments in foreign markets
and evaluating the performance of ADRs, futures contracts and exchange traded funds. Because the fund’s utilization of fair value pricing depends on market activity, the frequency with which fair value pricing is used can not be predicted and
may be utilized to a significant extent. The value of securities used for NAV calculation under fair value pricing may differ from published prices for the same securities.


Annual Report



28



1. Significant Accounting Policies  continued

Foreign Currency. The fund uses foreign currency contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign
denominated securities. Losses from these transactions may arise from changes in the value of the foreign currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts’ terms.

Foreign denominated assets, including investment securities, and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate at period end. Purchases and sales of investment
securities, income and dividends received and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the transaction date.

The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on investments are included with the net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities. Other foreign currency transactions
resulting in realized and unrealized gain (loss) are disclosed separately.

Investment Transactions and Income. Security transactions are accounted for as of trade date. Gains and
losses on securities sold are determined on the basis of identified cost and may include proceeds received from litigation. Dividend income is recorded on the ex dividend date, except for certain dividends from foreign securities where the ex
dividend date may have passed, which are recorded as soon as the fund is informed of the ex dividend date. Non cash dividends included in dividend income, if any, are recorded at the fair market value of the securities received. Interest income is
accrued as earned. Interest income includes coupon interest and amortization of premium and accretion of discount on debt securities. Investment income is recorded net of foreign taxes withheld where recovery of such taxes is uncertain.

Expenses. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a fund. Expenses which cannot be
directly attributed are apportioned among each fund in the trust.

Deferred Trustee Compensation. Under a Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan), independent Trustees must
defer receipt of a portion of, and may elect to defer receipt of an additional portion of, their annual compensation. Deferred amounts are treated as though equivalent dollar amounts had been invested in shares of the fund or are invested in a cross
section of other Fidelity funds, and are marked to market. Deferred amounts remain in the fund until distributed in accordance with the Plan.

Income Tax Information and Distributions to Shareholders. Each year, the fund intends to qualify as a
regulated investment company by distributing all of its taxable income and realized gains under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, no provision for income taxes is required in the accompanying financial statements. Foreign taxes
are provided for based on the fund’s understanding of the tax rules and rates that exist in the foreign markets in which it invests.

29 Annual Report




 
Notes to Financial Statements
  continued(Amounts in thousands except
  ratios)1. Significant Accounting Policies
  continuedIncome Tax Information and
  Distributions to Shareholders
continued
Distributions are recorded on the ex dividend date. Income and
capital gain distribu tions are determined in accordance with income tax
regulations, which may differ from generally accepted accounting
principles.
Capital accounts within the financial statements are adjusted for
permanent book tax differences. These adjustments have no impact on net assets
or the results of operations. Temporary book tax differences will reverse in a
subsequent period.
Book tax differences are primarily due to foreign currency
transactions, capital loss carryforwards, deferred trustees compensation and
losses deferred due to wash sales.
The tax basis components of distributable earnings and the federal
tax cost as of period end were as follows:


Unrealized appreciation  
  
$  
  
6,940,192  

Unrealized depreciation  
  
  
  
(2,322,465)  

Net
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation)  
  
  
  
4,617,727  

Undistributed ordinary income  
  
  
  
—  

Capital loss carryforward  
  
  
  
(3,029,175)  

  

Cost for federal income tax purposes  
  
$  
  
23,004,182 
  
The tax character of distributions paid was as follows:


  
  
  
  
November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
November 30, 2004  

Ordinary Income  
  
$ 
  
  
 
                     35,960  
  
$ 
  
  
 
                     
           —  
2. Operating Policies.
Repurchase Agreements. FMR has received an Exemptive Order from the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) which permits the fund and other
affiliated entities of FMR to transfer uninvested cash balances into joint
trading accounts which are then invested in repurchase agreements. The fund may
also invest directly with institutions in repurchase agreements. Repurchase
agreements are collateralized by government or non government securities.
Collateral is held in segregated accounts with custodian banks and may be
obtained in the event of a default of the counterparty. The fund monitors, on a
daily basis, the value of the collateral to ensure it is at least equal to the
principal amount of the repurchase agreement (including accrued interest). In
the event of a default by the counterparty, realization of the collateral
proceeds could be delayed, during which time the value of the collateral may
decline.
Annual Report 30


2. Operating Policies  continued

Restricted Securities. The fund may invest in securities that are subject to legal or contractual
restrictions on resale. These securities generally may be resold in transac tions exempt from registration or to the public if the securities are registered. Disposal of these securities may involve time consuming negotiations and expense, and
prompt sale at an acceptable price may be difficult. Information regarding restricted securities is included at the end of the fund’s Schedule of Investments.

3. Purchases and Sales of Investments.

Purchases and sales of securities, other than short term securities and U.S. government securities, aggregated $12,344,343 and $13,531,327, respectively.

4. Fees and Other Transactions with Affiliates.

Management Fee. FMR and its affiliates provide the fund with investment manage ment related services for
which the fund pays a monthly management fee. The manage ment fee is the sum of an individual fund fee rate that is based on an annual rate of .30% of the fund’s average net assets and a group fee rate that averaged .27% during the period. The
group fee rate is based upon the average net assets of all the mutual funds advised by FMR. The group fee rate decreases as assets under management increase and increases as assets under management decrease. In addition, the management fee is
subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of .20% of the fund’s average net assets over a 36 month performance period). The upward or downward adjustment to the management fee is based on the fund’s relative investment
performance as compared to an appropriate benchmark index. For the period, the total annual management fee rate, including the performance adjustment, was .72% of the fund’s average net assets.

Transfer Agent Fees. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an affiliate of FMR, is the fund’s
transfer, dividend disbursing and shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset based fees that vary according to account size and type of account. FSC pays for typesetting, printing and mailing of shareholder reports, except
proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were equivalent to an annual rate of .22% of average net assets.

Accounting and Security Lending Fees. FSC maintains the fund’s accounting records. The accounting fee
is based on the level of average net assets for the month. Under a separate contract, FSC administers the security lending program. The security lending fee is based on the number and duration of lending transactions.

Affiliated Central Funds. The fund may invest in Money Market Central Funds which seek preservation of
capital and current income and are managed by Fidelity Invest ments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM), an affiliate of FMR. The Central Funds do not pay a management fee.

31 Annual Report



Notes to Financial Statements continued  
  
  

(Amounts in thousands except ratios) 
  
  
  

  

4. Fees and Other Transactions with
  Affiliates  continued 
  
Brokerage Commissions. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of the investment
adviser. The commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $1,099 for the
period.



5. Committed Line of
Credit.
The fund participates with other funds managed by FMR in a $4.2
billion credit facility (the “line of credit”) to be utilized for temporary or
emergency purposes to fund share holder redemptions or for other short term
liquidity purposes. The fund has agreed to pay commitment fees on its pro rata
portion of the line of credit. During the period, there were no borrowings on
this line of credit.



6. Security Lending.
The fund lends portfolio securities from time to time in order to
earn additional income. The fund receives collateral (in the form of U.S.
Treasury obligations, letters of credit and/or cash) against the loaned
securities and maintains collateral in an amount not less than 100% of the
market value of the loaned securities during the period of the loan. The market
value of the loaned securities is determined at the close of business of the
fund and any additional required collateral is delivered to the fund on the next
business day. If the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the
securities loaned because of insol vency or other reasons, a fund could
experience delays and costs in recovering the securities loaned or in gaining
access to the collateral. Cash collateral is invested in the Fidelity Securities
Lending Cash Central Fund. The value of loaned securities and cash collateral at
period end are disclosed on the fund’s Statement of Assets and Liabilities.
Security lending income represents the income earned on investing cash
collateral, less fees and expenses associated with the loan, plus any premium
payments that may be received on the loan of certain types of
securities.



7. Bank Borrowings.
The fund is permitted to have bank borrowings for temporary or
emergency purposes to fund shareholder redemptions. The fund has established
borrowing arrangements with certain banks. The interest rate on the borrowings
is the bank’s base rate, as revised from time to time. The average daily loan
balance during the period for which loans were outstanding amounted to $6,667.
The weighted average interest rate was 2.75% . At period end, there were no bank
borrowings outstanding.



Annual Report



32



8. Expense Reductions.


Many of the brokers with whom FMR places trades on behalf of the fund provided services to the fund in addition to trade execution. These services included payments of certain expenses
on behalf of the fund totaling $4,674 for the period. In addition, through arrange ments with the fund’s custodian and transfer agent, credits realized as a result of unin vested cash balances were used to reduce the fund’s expenses.
During the period, these credits reduced the fund’s custody and transfer agent expenses by $5 and $945, respectively.


9. Other.


The fund’s organizational documents provide former and current trustees and officers with a limited indemnification against liabilities arising in connection with the perfor mance
of their duties to the fund. In the normal course of business, the fund may also enter into contracts that provide general indemnifications. The fund’s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would be dependent on future
claims that may be made against the fund. The risk of material loss from such claims is considered remote.

33 Annual Report

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm
To
the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and Shareholders of Fidelity
Growth Company Fund:
We
have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities of Fidelity
Growth Company Fund (the Fund), a fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust,
including the schedule of investments as of November 30, 2005, and the related
statement of operations for the year then ended, the statement of changes in net
assets for each of the two years in the period then ended, and the financial
highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended. These financial
statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Fund’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and financial highlights based on our audits.
We
conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement. The Fund
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. Our procedures included confirmation
of securities owned as of November 30, 2005, by correspondence with the
custodians and brokers; where replies were not received from brokers, we
performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In
our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Fidelity
Growth Company Fund as of November 30, 2005, the results of its operations for
the year then ended, the changes in its net assets for each of the two years in
the period then ended, and its financial high lights for each of the five years
in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.



/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLPDELOITTE & TOUCHE
  LLPBoston, MassachusettsJanuary 9,
2006
Annual Report 34

Trustees and Officers
The Trustees, Members of the Advisory Board, and executive officers
of the trust and fund, as applicable, are listed below. The Board of Trustees
governs the fund and is responsible for protecting the interests of
shareholders. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet periodically
throughout the year to oversee the fund’s activities, review contractual
arrangements with companies that provide services to the fund, and review the
fund’s performance. Except for William O. McCoy and Albert R. Gamper, Jr., each
of the Trustees oversees 326 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. McCoy
oversees 328 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. Gamper oversees 235 funds
advised by FMR or an affiliate.
The Trustees hold office without limit in time except that (a) any
Trustee may resign; (b) any Trustee may be removed by written instrument, signed
by at least two thirds of the number of Trustees prior to such removal; (c) any
Trustee who requests to be retired or who has become incapacitated by illness or
injury may be retired by written instru ment signed by a majority of the other
Trustees; and (d) any Trustee may be removed at any special meeting of
shareholders by a two thirds vote of the outstanding voting securities of the
trust. Each Trustee who is not an interested person (as defined in the 1940 Act)
(Independent Trustee), shall retire not later than the last day of the calendar
year in which his or her 72nd birthday occurs. The Independent Trustees may
waive this mandatory retirement age policy with respect to individual Trustees.
The executive officers and Advisory Board Member hold office without limit in
time, except that any officer and Advisory Board Member may resign or may be
removed by a vote of a majority of the Trustees at any regular meeting or any
special meeting of the Trustees. Except as indicated, each individual has held
the office shown or other offices in the same company for the past five
years.
The fund’s Statement of Additional Information (SAI) includes more
information about the Trustees. To request a free copy, call Fidelity at
1-800-544-8544.



Interested Trustees*:
Correspondence intended for each Trustee who is an interested
person may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationEdward C.
  Johnson 3d (75)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1982
Mr. Johnson is Chairman of the Board of Trustees. Mr. Johnson
serves as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and a Director of FMR Corp.; a
Director and Chairman of the Board and of the Executive Committee of FMR;
Chairman and a Director of Fidelity Management & Research (Far East) Inc.;
Chairman and a Director of Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and
Chairman (2001 present) and a Director (2000 present) of FMR Co.,
Inc.
35 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationStephen P.
  Jonas (52)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Mr. Jonas is Senior Vice President of Growth Company. He also
serves as Senior Vice President of other Fidelity funds (2005 present). Mr.
Jonas is Executive Director of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Jonas served
as President of Fidelity Enterprise Operations and Risk Services (2004 2005),
Chief Administrative Officer (2002 2004), and Chief Financial Officer of FMR Co.
(1998 2000). Mr. Jonas has been with Fidelity Investments since 1987 and has
held various financial and man agement positions including Chief Financial
Officer of FMR. In addition, he serves on the Boards of Boston Ballet (2003
present) and Simmons College (2003 present).



 
Robert L. Reynolds (53)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Mr. Reynolds is a Director (2003 present) and Chief Operating
Officer (2002 present) of FMR Corp. He also serves on the Board at Fidelity
Investments Canada, Ltd. (2000 present). Previously, Mr. Reynolds served as
President of Fidelity Investments Institutional Retirement Group (1996
2000).
*
Trustees have been determined to be “Interested Trustees” by virtue of, among
other things, their affiliation with the trust or various entities under common
control with FMR.



Annual Report



36




Independent Trustees:
Correspondence intended for each Independent Trustee (that is, the
Trustees other than the Interested Trustees) may be sent to Fidelity
Investments, P.O. Box 55235, Boston, Massachusetts 02205 5235.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationDennis J.
  Dirks (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in May 2003, Mr. Dirks was Chief Operating
Officer and a member of the Board of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation (DTCC) (1999 2003). He also served as President, Chief Operating
Officer, and Board member of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) (1999 2003) and
President and Board member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation
(NSCC) (1999 2003). In addition, Mr. Dirks served as Chief Executive Officer and
Board member of the Government Securities Clearing Corporation (2001 2003) and
Chief Executive Officer and Board member of the Mortgage Backed Securities
Clearing Corporation (2001 2003). Mr. Dirks also serves as a Trustee of
Manhattan College (2005 present).



 
Albert R. Gamper, Jr. (63)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2006
Mr. Gamper also serves as a Trustee (2006 present) or Member of the
Advisory Board (2005 present) of other investment companies advised by FMR.
Prior to his retirement in December 2004, Mr. Gamper served as Chairman of the
Board of CIT Group Inc. (commercial finance). During his tenure with CIT Group
Inc. Mr. Gamper served in numerous senior management positions, including
Chairman (1987 1989; 1999 2001; 2002 2004), Chief Executive Officer (1987 2004),
and President (1989 2002). He currently serves as a member of the Board of
Directors of Public Service Enterprise Group (utilities, 2001 present), Chairman
of the Board of Governors, Rutgers University (2004 present), and Chairman of
the Board of Saint Barnabas Health Care System.
37 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationRobert M.
  Gates (62)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Dr. Gates is Chairman of the Independent Trustees (2006 present).
Dr. Gates is President of Texas A&M University (2002 present). He was
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) from 1991 to 1993. From 1989
to 1991, Dr. Gates served as Assistant to the President of the United States and
Deputy National Security Advisor. Dr. Gates is a Director of NACCO Industries,
Inc. (mining and manufacturing), Parker Drilling Co., Inc. (drilling and rental
tools for the energy industry, 2001 present), and Brinker International
(restaurant management, 2003 present). Previously, Dr. Gates served as a
Director of LucasVarity PLC (automotive components and diesel engines), a
Director of TRW Inc. (automotive, space, defense, and information technology),
and Dean of the George Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas
A&M University (1999 2001). Dr. Gates also is a Trustee of the Forum for
International Policy.



 
George H. Heilmeier (69)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Dr. Heilmeier is Chairman Emeritus of Telcordia Technologies (commu
nication software and systems), where prior to his retirement, he served as
company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He currently serves on the Boards
of Directors of The Mitre Corporation (systems engineer ing and information
technology support for the government), and HRL Laboratories (private research
and development, 2004 present). He is Chairman of the General Motors Science
& Technology Advisory Board and a Life Fellow of the Institute of Electrical
and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) (2000 present). Dr. Heilmeier is a member of
the Defense Science Board and the National Security Agency Advisory Board. He is
also a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the American Academy of
Arts and Sciences, and the Board of Overseers of the School of Engi neering and
Applied Science of the University of Pennsylvania. Previously, Dr. Heilmeier
served as a Director of TRW Inc. (automotive, space, defense, and information
technology, 1992 2002), Compaq (1994 2002), Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
(ADP) (technology based business outsourcing, 1995 2002), INET Technologies Inc.
(telecommunications network surveillance, 2001 2004), and Teletech Holdings
(customer management services). He is the recipient of the 2005 Kyoto Prize in
Advanced Technology for his invention of the liquid display.



Annual Report



38




Name, Age; Principal OccupationMarie L.
  Knowles (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2001
Prior to Ms. Knowles’ retirement in June 2000, she served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atlantic Richfield
Company (ARCO) (diversified energy, 1996 2000). From 1993 to 1996, she was a
Senior Vice President of ARCO and President of ARCO Transportation Company. She
served as a Director of ARCO from 1996 to 1998. She currently serves as a
Director of Phelps Dodge Corporation (copper mining and manufacturing) and
McKesson Corporation (healthcare ser vice, 2002 present). Ms. Knowles is a
Trustee of the Brookings Institution and the Catalina Island Conservancy and
also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the School of Engineering of
the University of Southern California.



Ned C. Lautenbach (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2000
Mr. Lautenbach has been a partner of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice,
Inc. (private equity investment firm) since September 1998. Previously, Mr.
Lautenbach was with the International Business Machines Corpora tion (IBM) from
1968 until his retirement in 1998. Mr. Lautenbach serves as a Director of
Italtel Holding S.p.A. (telecommunications (Milan, Italy), 2004 present) and
Eaton Corporation (diversified industrial) as well as the Philharmonic Center
for the Arts in Naples, Florida. He also is a member of the Board of Trustees of
Fairfield University (2005 present), as well as a member of the Council on
Foreign Relations.



William O. McCoy (72)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Prior to his retirement in December 1994, Mr. McCoy was Vice Chair
man of the Board of BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications) and President of
BellSouth Enterprises. He is currently a Director of Liberty Corporation
(holding company), Duke Realty Corporation (real estate), and Progress Energy,
Inc. (electric utility). He is also a partner of Frank lin Street Partners
(private investment management firm) and a member of the Research Triangle
Foundation Board. In addition, Mr. McCoy served as the Interim Chancellor (1999
2000) and a member of the Board of Visitors for the University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the University
of North Carolina Health Care System and the Board of Visitors of the Kenan
Flagler Business School (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). He also
served as Vice President of Finance for the University of North Carolina (16
school system).
39 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationCornelia M.
  Small (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Ms. Small is a member (2000 present) and Chairperson (2002 present)
of the Investment Committee, and a member (2002 present) of the Board of
Trustees of Smith College. Previously, she served as Chief Investment Officer
(1999 2000), Director of Global Equity Investments (1996 1999), and a member of
the Board of Directors of Scudder, Stevens & Clark (1990 1997) and Scudder
Kemper Investments (1997 1998). In addition, Ms. Small served as Co Chair (2000
2003) of the Annual Fund for the Fletcher School of Law and
Diplomacy.



 
William S. Stavropoulos
(66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Mr. Stavropoulos is Chairman of the Board (2000 present) and a
Member of the Board of Directors of The Dow Chemical Company. Since joining The
Dow Chemical Company in 1967, Mr. Stavropoulos served in numerous senior
management positions, including President (1993 2000; 2002 2003), CEO (1995
2000; 2002 2004), and Chair man of the Executive Committee (2000 2004).
Currently, he is a Direc tor of NCR Corporation (data warehousing and technology
solutions), BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications), Chemical Financial Corpo
ration, Maersk Inc. (industrial conglomerate, 2002 present), and Metal mark
Capital (private equity investment firm, 2005 present). He also serves as a
member of the Board of Trustees of the American Enterprise Institute for Public
Policy Research. In addition, Mr. Stavropoulos is a member of The Business
Council, J.P. Morgan International Council and the University of Notre Dame
Advisory Council for the College of Science.



 
Kenneth L. Wolfe (66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in 2001, Mr. Wolfe was Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Hershey Foods Corporation (1993 2001). He currently serves
as a member of the boards of Adelphia Communica tions Corporation (2003
present), Bausch & Lomb, Inc., and Revlon Inc. (2004 present).



Annual Report



40

Advisory Board Member and Executive Officers:
Correspondence intended for each executive officer and Mr. Lynch
may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts
02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter S.
  Lynch (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Member of the Advisory Board of Fidelity Mt.Vernon Street Trust.
Vice Chairman and a Director of FMR, and Vice Chairman (2001 present) and a
Director (2000 present) of FMR Co., Inc. Previously, Mr. Lynch served as a
Trustee of the Fidelity funds (1990 2003). In addition, he serves as a Trustee
of Boston College, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Historic Deerfield,
John F. Kennedy Library, and the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston.



 
Dwight D. Churchill (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Vice President of Growth Company. Mr. Churchill also serves as Vice
President of certain Equity Funds (2005 present) and certain High Income Funds
(2005 present). Previously, he served as Head of Fidelity’s Fixed Income
Division (2000 2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Money Market Funds (2000
2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Bond Funds, and Senior Vice President of
FIMM (2000) and FMR. Mr. Churchill joined Fidelity in 1993 as Vice President and
Group Leader of Taxable Fixed Income Investments.



 
Steven Wymer (43)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Vice President of Growth Company. Mr. Wymer also serves as Vice
President of FMR and FMR Co., Inc. (2001).



 
Eric D. Roiter (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1998
Secretary of Growth Company. He also serves as Secretary of other
Fidelity funds; Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of FMR Co., Inc.
(2001 present) and FMR; Assistant Secretary of Fidelity Man agement &
Research (U.K.) Inc. (2001 present), Fidelity Management & Research (Far
East) Inc. (2001 present), and Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (2001
present). Mr. Roiter is an Adjunct Member, Faculty of Law, at Boston College Law
School (2003 present). Previously, Mr. Roiter served as Vice President and
Secretary of Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC) (1998 2005).
41 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal
Occupation



 
Stuart Fross (46)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Assistant Secretary of Growth Company. Mr. Fross also serves as
Assis tant Secretary of other Fidelity funds (2003 present), Vice President and
Secretary of FDC (2005 present), and is an employee of FMR.



 
Christine Reynolds (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
President, Treasurer, and Anti Money Laundering (AML) officer of
Growth Company. Ms. Reynolds also serves as President, Treasurer, and AML
officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is a Vice President (2003) and an
employee (2002) of FMR. Before joining Fidelity Invest ments, Ms. Reynolds
worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) (1980 2002), where she was most
recently an audit partner with PwC’s investment management practice.



 
Paul M. Murphy (58)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Chief Financial Officer of Growth Company. Mr. Murphy also serves
as Chief Financial Officer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present). He also
serves as Senior Vice President of Fidelity Pricing and Cash Manage ment
Services Group (FPCMS).



 
Kenneth A. Rathgeber (58)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Chief Compliance Officer of Growth Company. Mr. Rathgeber also
serves as Chief Compliance Officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and Executive
Vice President of Risk Oversight for Fidelity Investments (2002). Previously, he
served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Fidelity
Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc. (1998 2002).



 
John R. Hebble (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Deputy Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Hebble also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2003), and is an employee of FMR.
Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Hebble worked at Deutsche Asset
Management where he served as Director of Fund Accounting (2002 2003) and
Assistant Treasurer of the Scudder Funds (1998 2003).



Annual Report



42




Name, Age; Principal OccupationBryan A.
  Mehrmann (44)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Mehrmann also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR. Previously, Mr. Mehrmann served as Vice President of Fidelity Investments
Institutional Services Group (FIIS)/Fidelity Invest ments Institutional
Operations Corporation, Inc. (FIIOC) Client Services (1998 2004).



Kimberley H. Monasterio
(41)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Deputy Treasurer of Growth Company. Ms. Monasterio also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of FMR
(2004). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Monasterio served as Treasurer
(2000 2004) and Chief Financial Officer (2002 2004) of the Franklin Templeton
Funds and Senior Vice President of Franklin Templeton Services, LLC (2000
2004).



Kenneth B. Robins (36)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Robins also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR (2004 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Robins worked at
KPMG LLP, where he was a partner in KPMG’s department of professional practice
(2002 2004) and a Senior Manager (1999 2000). In addition, Mr. Robins served as
Assistant Chief Accountant, United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(2000 2002).



Robert G. Byrnes (38)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Byrnes also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Byrnes served as Vice President of FPCMS
(2003 2005). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Byrnes worked at Deutsche
Asset Management where he served as Vice President of the Investment Operations
Group (2000 2003).



John H. Costello (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1986
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Costello also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds and is an employee of
FMR.
43 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter L.
  Lydecker (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Lydecker also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of
FMR.



 
Mark Osterheld (50)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Osterheld also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2002) and is an employee of
FMR.



 
Gary W. Ryan (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Ryan also serves as
Assis tant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee
of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Ryan served as Vice President of Fund
Reporting in FPCMS (1999 2005).



 
Salvatore Schiavone (40)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of Growth Company. Mr. Schiavone also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR (2005 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Schiavone worked at
Deutsche Asset Management, where he most recently served as Assistant Treasurer
(2003 2005) of the Scudder Funds and Vice President and Head of Fund Reporting
(1996 2003).



Annual Report



44



Distributions


The Fund designates 100% of the dividend distributed during the fiscal year as qualifying for the dividends received deduction for corporate shareholders.

The Fund designates 100% of the dividend distributed during the fiscal year as amounts which may be taken into account as a dividend for purposes of the maximum rate under section 1 (h)
(11) of the Internal Revenue code.

45 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees

Fidelity Growth Company Fund

Each year, typically in July, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees (together, the Board), votes on the renewal of the management contract and sub advisory
agreements (together, the Advisory Contracts) for the fund. The Board, assisted by the advice of fund counsel and independent Trustees’ counsel, requests and considers a broad range of information throughout the year.

The Board meets regularly each month except August and takes into account throughout the year matters bearing on Advisory Contracts. The Board, acting directly and through its separate
committees, considers at each of its meetings factors that are relevant to the annual renewal of the fund’s Advisory Contracts, including the services and support provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity. At the time of the
renewal, the Board had 11 standing committees, each composed of independent Trustees with varying backgrounds, to which the Board has assigned specific subject matter responsibilities in order to enhance effective decision making by the Board. Each
committee has adopted a written charter outlining the structure and purposes of the committee. One such com mittee, the Equity Contract Committee, meets periodically during the first six months of each year and as necessary to consider matters
specifically related to the annual renewal of Advisory Contracts. The committee requests and receives information on, and makes recommendations to the independent Trustees concerning, the approval and annual review of the Advisory
Contracts.

At its July 2005 meeting, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees, unanimously determined to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund. In reaching its determination,
the Board considered all factors it believed relevant, including (1) the nature, extent, and quality of the services to be provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity (including the investment performance of the fund); (2) the
competitiveness of the management fee and total expenses of the fund; (3) the total costs of the services to be provided by and the profits to be realized by the investment adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the fund; (4) the
extent to which economies of scale would be realized as the fund grows; and (5) whether fee levels reflect these economies of scale, if any, for the benefit of fund shareholders.

In determining whether to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund, the Board ulti mately reached a determination, with the assistance of fund counsel and independent Trustees’
counsel, that the renewal of the Advisory Contracts and the compensation to be received by Fidelity under the management contract is consistent with Fidelity’s fidu ciary duty under applicable law. In addition to evaluating the specific factors
noted above, the Board, in reaching its determination, is aware that shareholders in the fund have a broad range of investment choices available to them, including a wide choice among mutual funds offered by competitors to Fidelity, and that the
fund’s shareholders, with the opportunity to review and weigh the disclosure provided by the fund in its


Annual Report



46



prospectus and other public disclosures, have chosen to invest in this fund, managed by Fidelity.

Nature, Extent, and Quality of Services Provided by Fidelity. The Board consid ered staffing within the
investment adviser, FMR, and the sub advisers (together, the Investment Advisers), including the background of the fund’s portfolio manager and the fund’s investment objective and discipline. The independent Trustees also had discus sions
with senior management of Fidelity’s investment operations and investment groups. The Board considered the structure of the portfolio manager compensation program and whether this structure provides appropriate incentives.

Fidelity Resources Dedicated to Investment Management and Support Services. The Board reviewed the size, education, and experience of the Investment Advisers’ invest ment staff,
their use of technology, and the Investment Advisers’ approach to recruiting, training, and retaining portfolio managers and other research, advisory, and manage ment personnel. The Board considered Fidelity’s extensive global research
capabilities that enable the Investment Advisers to aggregate data from various sources in an effort to produce positive investment results. The Board noted that Fidelity’s analysts have access to a variety of technological tools that enable
them to perform both fundamental and quantitative analysis and to specialize in various disciplines. The Board also considered that Fidelity’s portfolio managers and analysts have access to daily portfolio attribution that allows for monitoring
of a fund’s portfolio, as well as an electronic communication system that provides immediate real time access to research concerning issuers and credit enhancers.

Shareholder and Administrative Services. The Board considered the nature, extent, quality, and cost of administrative, distribution, and shareholder services performed by the Investment
Advisers and their affiliates under the Advisory Contracts and under separate agreements covering transfer agency, pricing and bookkeeping, and securities lending services for the fund. The Board also considered the nature and extent of the
Investment Advisers’ supervision of third party service providers, principally custodians and subcustodians. The Board reviewed the allocation of fund brokerage, including allocations to brokers affiliated with the Investment Advisers, the use
of brokerage commissions to pay fund expenses, and the use of “soft” commission dollars to pay for research services. The Board also considered that Fidelity voluntarily decided in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to
pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources. The Board also considered the resources devoted to, and the record of compliance with, the fund’s compliance policies and procedures.

The Board noted that the growth of fund assets across the complex allows Fidelity to reinvest in the development of services designed to enhance the value or convenience of the Fidelity
funds as investment vehicles. These services include 24 hour access to

47 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

account information and market information through phone representatives and over the Internet, and investor education materials and asset allocation tools.

Investment in a Large Fund Family. The Board considered the benefits to shareholders of investing in a Fidelity fund, including the benefits of investing in a fund that is part of a
large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and providing for a large variety of mutual fund investor services. For example, fund shareholders are offered the privilege of exchanging shares of the fund for shares of other
Fidelity funds, as set forth in the fund’s prospectus, without paying a sales charge. The Board noted that, since the last Advisory Contract renewals in July 2004, Fidelity has taken a number of actions that benefited particular funds,
including (i) voluntarily deciding in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources, (ii) contractually agreeing to impose management fee reductions and
expense limitations on its five Spartan stock index funds and its stock index fund available through variable insurance products, (iii) contractually agreeing to eliminate the management fees on the Fidelity Freedom Funds and the Fidelity Advisor
Freedom Funds, (iv) contractually agreeing to reduce the management fees on most of its investment grade taxable bond funds, and (v) contractually agreeing to impose expense limitations on its retail and Spartan investment grade taxable bond
funds.

Investment Performance and Compliance. The Board considered whether the fund has operated within its investment objective, as well as its record of compliance with its investment
restrictions. It also reviewed the fund’s absolute investment performance, as well as the fund’s relative investment performance measured against (i) a broad based securities market index, and (ii) a peer group of mutual funds deemed
appropriate by the Board over multiple periods. The following charts considered by the Board show, over the one , three , and five year periods ended December 31, 2004, the fund’s returns, the returns of a broad based securities market index
(“benchmark”), and a range of returns of a peer group of mutual funds identified by Lipper Inc. as having an investment objec tive similar to that of the fund. The box within each chart shows the 25th percentile return (bottom of box) and
the 75th percentile return (top of box) of the Lipper peer group. Returns shown above the box are in the first quartile and returns shown below the box are in the fourth quartile. The percentage beaten number noted below each chart corresponds to
the percentile box and represents the percentage of funds in the Lipper peer group whose performance was equal to or lower than that of the fund.


Annual Report



48





The Board reviewed the fund’s relative investment performance against its Lipper peer group and stated that the performance of the fund was in the second quartile for the one and
three year periods and the third quartile for the five year period. The Board also stated that the relative investment performance of the fund has compared favorably to its benchmark over time.

The Board also considered that the fund’s management fee is subject to upward or downward adjustment depending upon whether, and to what extent, the fund’s invest ment
performance for the performance period exceeds, or is exceeded by, the record (over the same period) of a Board approved performance adjustment index. The Board realizes that the performance adjustment provides FMR with a strong economic incen tive
to seek to achieve superior performance for the fund’s shareholders and helps to more closely align the interests of FMR and the fund’s shareholders.

The Board has had thorough discussions with FMR throughout the year about the Board’s and FMR’s concerns about equity research, equity fund performance, and compliance with
internal policies governing gifts and entertainment. FMR has taken steps that it believes will refocus and strengthen equity research and equity portfolio management and compliance. The Board noted with favor FMR’s recent reorganization of its
senior management team and FMR’s plans to dedicate additional resources to investment research, and participated in the process that led to those changes.

Based on its review, and giving particular weight to the nature and quality of the resources dedicated by the Investment Advisers to maintain and improve relative performance, the Board
concluded that the nature, extent, and quality of the services provided by Fidelity will benefit the fund’s shareholders, particularly in light of the

49 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

Board’s view that the fund’s shareholders benefit from investing in a fund that is part of a large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and
services.

Competitiveness of Management Fee and Total Fund Expenses. The Board considered the fund’s management
fee and total expenses compared to “mapped groups” of competitive funds and classes. Fidelity creates “mapped groups” by combining similar Lipper investment objective categories that have comparable management fee charac
teristics. Combining Lipper investment objective categories aids the Board’s manage ment fee and total expense comparisons by broadening the competitive group used for comparison and by reducing the number of universes to which various Fidelity
funds are compared.

The Board considered two proprietary management fee comparisons for the 12 month periods shown in the chart below. The group of Lipper funds used by the Board for management fee
comparisons is referred to below as the “Total Mapped Group” and, for the reasons explained above, is broader than the Lipper peer group used by the Board for performance comparisons. The Total Mapped Group comparison focuses on a
fund’s standing relative to the total universe of comparable funds available to investors, in terms of gross management fees before expense reimbursements or caps. “TMG %” represents the percentage of funds in the Total Mapped Group
that had management fees that were lower than the fund’s. For example, a TMG % of 15% means that 85% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group had higher management fees than the fund. The “Asset Size Peer Group” (ASPG) comparison
focuses on a fund’s standing relative to non Fidelity funds similar in size to the fund within the Total Mapped Group. The ASPG represents at least 15% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group with comparable asset size and management fee
characteristics, subject to a minimum of 50 funds (or all funds in the Total Mapped Group if fewer than 50). Additional information, such as the ASPG quartile (“quadrant”) in which the fund’s management fee ranked and the impact of
the fund’s performance adjustment, is also included in the chart and considered by the Board.


Annual Report



50






The Board noted that the fund’s management fee ranked below the median of its Total Mapped Group and below the median of its ASPG for 2004. The Board also noted the effect of the
fund’s positive performance adjustment on the fund’s management fee ranking.

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s management fee was fair and reasonable in light of the services that the fund receives and the other factors
considered.

In its review of the fund’s total expenses, the Board considered the fund’s management fee as well as other fund expenses, such as transfer agent fees, pricing and bookkeeping
fees, and custodial, legal, and audit fees. The Board also noted the effects of any waivers and reimbursements on fees and expenses, as well as the fund’s positive performance adjustment. As part of its review, the Board also considered current
and historical total expenses of the fund compared to competitive fund median expenses. The fund is compared to those funds and classes in the Total Mapped Group (used by the Board for management fee comparisons) that have a similar sales load
structure.

The Board noted that the fund’s total expenses ranked below its competitive median for 2004.

In its review of total expenses, the Board also considered Fidelity fee structures and other information on clients that FMR and its affiliates service in other competitive markets,
such as other mutual funds advised or subadvised by FMR or its affiliates, pension plan clients, and other institutional clients.

51 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s total expenses were reasonable in light of the services that the fund and its shareholders receive and the other factors
considered.

Costs of the Services and Profitability. The Board considered the revenues earned and the expenses incurred
by Fidelity in conducting the business of developing, market ing, distributing, managing, administering and servicing the fund and its shareholders. The Board also considered the level of Fidelity’s profits in respect of all the Fidelity
funds.

On an annual basis, FMR presents to the Board Fidelity’s profitability for the fund. Fidelity calculates the profitability for each fund, as well as aggregate profitability for
groups of Fidelity funds and all Fidelity funds, using a series of detailed revenue and cost allocation methodologies which originate with the audited books and records of Fidelity. The Audit Committee of the Board reviews any significant changes
from the prior year’s methodologies.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), independent registered accounting firm and auditor to Fidelity and certain Fidelity funds, has been engaged annually by the Board as part of the
Board’s assessment of the results of Fidelity’s profitability analysis. PwC’s engagement includes the review and assessment of Fidelity’s methodologies used in determining the revenues and expenses attributable to Fidelity’s
mutual fund business, and completion of agreed upon procedures surrounding the mathematical accuracy of fund profitability and its conformity to allocation methodologies. After considering PwC’s reports issued under the engagement and
information provided by Fidelity, the Board believes that while other allocation methods may also be reasonable, Fidelity’s profitabil ity methodologies are reasonable in all material respects.

The Board has also reviewed Fidelity’s non fund businesses and any fall out benefits related to the mutual fund business as well as cases where Fidelity’s affiliates may
benefit from or be related to the fund’s business. In addition, a special committee of the Board reviewed services provided to Fidelity by its affiliates and determined that the fees that Fidelity paid for such services were
reasonable.

The Board considered the costs of the services provided by and the profits realized by Fidelity in connection with the operation of the fund and determined that the amount of profit is
a fair entrepreneurial profit for the management of the fund.

Economies of Scale. The Board considered whether there have been economies of scale in respect of the
management of the Fidelity funds, whether the Fidelity funds (including the fund) have appropriately benefited from any such economies of scale, and whether there is potential for realization of any further economies of scale. The Board considered
the extent to which the fund will benefit from economies of scale through increased services to the fund, through waivers or reimbursements, or through fee or


Annual Report



52



expense reductions, including reductions that occur through operation of the transfer agent agreement. The transfer agent fee varies in part based on the number of accounts in the fund.
If the number of accounts decreases or the average account size increases, the overall transfer agent fee rate decreases.

The Board recognized that the fund’s management contract incorporates a “group fee” structure, which provides for lower fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s
manage ment increase, and for higher fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s management decrease. The Board considered that the group fee is designed to deliver the benefits of economies of scale to fund shareholders when total fund assets
increase, even if assets of any particular fund are unchanged or have declined, because some portion of Fidelity’s costs are attributable to services provided to all Fidelity funds, and all funds benefit if those costs can be allocated among
more assets. The Board concluded that, given the group fee structure, fund shareholders will achieve a certain level of economies of scale as assets under FMR’s management increase at the fund complex level, regardless of whether Fidelity
achieves any such economies of scale.

The Board further concluded that any potential economies of scale are being shared between fund shareholders and Fidelity in an appropriate manner.

Additional Information Requested by the Board. In order to develop fully the factual basis for
consideration of the Advisory Contracts, the Board requested additional information regarding (i) equity fund transfer agency fees; (ii) Fidelity’s fund profitability methodology and the impact of various changes in the methodology over time;
(iii) benefits to shareholders from economies of scale; (iv) composition and characteristics of various fund and industry data used in comparisons; and (v) com pensation of portfolio managers and research analysts.

Based on its evaluation of all of the conclusions noted above, and after considering all material factors, the Board ultimately concluded that the existing advisory fee structures are
fair and reasonable, and that the fund’s existing Advisory Contracts should be renewed.

53 Annual Report

Managing Your Investments
Fidelity offers several ways to conveniently manage your personal
investments via your telephone or PC. You can access your account information,
conduct trades and research your investments 24 hours a day.
By
Phone
Fidelity Automated Service Telephone provides a single toll free
number to access account balances, positions, quotes and trading. It’s easy to
navigate the service, and on your first call, the system will help you create a
personal identification number (PIN) for security.  
By
PC
Fidelity’s web site on the Internet provides a wide range of
information, including daily financial news, fund performance, interactive
planning tools and news about Fidelity products and services.
 
*
When
you call the quotes line, please remember that a fund’s yield and return will
vary and, except for money market funds, share price will also vary. This means
that you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. There is no
assurance that money market funds will be able to maintain a stable $1 share
price; an investment in a money market fund is not insured or guar anteed by the
U.S. government. Total returns are historical and include changes in share
price, reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, and the effects of any sales
charges.
Annual Report 54

To Write Fidelity
We’ll give your correspondence immediate attention and send you
written confirmation upon completion of your request. 



(such as changing name, address, bank, etc.)Fidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0002 



Buying sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0003Overnight ExpressFidelity
  InvestmentsAttn: Distribution Services100 Crosby Parkway
  KC1HCovington, KY 41015Selling sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0035Overnight ExpressFidelity
  InvestmentsAttn: Distribution Services100 Crosby Parkway
  KC1HCovington, KY 41015General
  CorrespondenceFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 500Merrimack, NH
03054-0500 



Buying sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0003Selling sharesFidelity InvestmentsP.O. Box
  770001Cincinnati, OH 45277 0035Overnight
  ExpressFidelity InvestmentsAttn: Distribution
  Services100 Crosby Parkway KC1HCovington, KY
41015General CorrespondenceFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 500Merrimack, NH
03054-0500
55 Annual Report




 
Investment AdviserFidelity Management & Research
  CompanyBoston, MAInvestment Sub
  AdvisersFMR Co., Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(U.K.) Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(Far East) Inc.Fidelity International
  InvestmentAdvisorsFidelity Investments Japan
  LimitedFidelity International InvestmentAdvisors (U.K.)
  LimitedGeneral DistributorFidelity Distributors
  CorporationBoston, MATransfer and Service
  AgentFidelity Service Company, Inc.Boston,
  MACustodianBrown Brothers Harriman &
  Co.Boston, MA


The Fidelity
  Telephone Connection  

Mutual Fund
  24-Hour Service  

Exchanges/Redemptions  
  
  

 and Account
  Assistance  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Product Information 
  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Retirement Accounts 
  
  
1-800-544-4774  

 (8 a.m. - 9 p.m.) 
  
  
  

TDD Service  
  
1-800-544-0118  

 for the deaf and hearing
  impaired  

 (9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern
  time)  

Fidelity Automated
  Service  
  
  

 Telephone (FAST®) 
  (automated phone logo)
  
1-800-544-5555  

(automated phone
  logo)  Automated line for quickest service 
  



GCF UANN-01061.786708.102





Fidelity®
New Millennium
Fund®



Annual Report
November 30, 2005









Contents  
  
  
  
  

  

 Chairman’s Message  
  
4  
  
Ned Johnson’s
  message to shareholders.  

 Performance  
  
5  
  
How the fund has
  done over time.  

 Management’s Discussion  
  
6  
  
The manager’s
  review of fund  

  
  
  
  
performance,
  strategy and outlook.  

 Shareholder Expense  
  
7  
  
An example of
  shareholder expenses.  

 Example  
  
  
  
  

 Investment Changes  
  
8  
  
A summary of
  major shifts in the fund’s  

  
  
  
  
investments over
  the past six months.  

 Investments  
  
9  
  
A complete list
  of the fund’s investments  

  
  
  
  
with their
  market values.  

 Financial Statements  
  
21  
  
Statements of
  assets and liabilities,  

  
  
  
  
operations, and
  changes in net assets,  

  
  
  
  
as well as
  financial highlights.  

 Notes  
  
25  
  
Notes to the
  financial statements.  

 Report of Independent  
  
31  
  
  

 Registered Public  
  
  
  
  

 Accounting Firm  
  
  
  
  

 Trustees and Officers  
  
32  
  
  

 Board Approval of  
  
42  
  
  

 Investment Advisory  
  
  
  
  

 Contracts and  
  
  
  
  

 Management Fees  
  
  
  
 




To view a fund’s proxy voting guidelines and proxy voting
  record for the 12 month periodended June 30, visit
  www.fidelity.com/proxyvotingresults or visit the Securities and
  ExchangeCommission’s (SEC) web site at www.sec.gov. You may also call
  1-800-544-8544 to request a freecopy of the proxy voting
  guidelines.Standard & Poor’s, S&P and S&P 500 are
  registered service marks of The McGraw Hill Companies,Inc. and have
  been licensed for use by Fidelity Distributors
  Corporation.Other third party marks appearing herein are the property
  of their respective owners.All other marks appearing herein
  are registered or unregistered trademarks or service marksof FMR Corp. or
  an affiliated company.
Annual Report 2




This report and the financial statements contained herein are
  submitted for the general informationof the
  shareholders of the fund. This report is not authorized for distribution
  to prospective investorsin the fund unless preceded or
  accompanied by an effective prospectus.A fund files its
  complete schedule of portfolio holdings with the SEC for the first and
  thirdquarters of each fiscal year on Form N Q. Forms N Q are
  available on the SEC’s web site athttp://www.sec.gov. A fund’s Forms N Q may be
  reviewed and copied at the SEC’s Public ReferenceRoom in
  Washington, DC. Information regarding the operation of the SEC’s Public
  ReferenceRoom may be obtained by calling
  1-800-SEC-0330. For a complete list of a fund’s
  portfolioholdings, view the most recent
  quarterly holdings report, semiannual report, or annual
  reporton Fidelity’s web site at
  http://www.fidelity.com/holdings.NOT FDIC INSURED · MAY LOSE VALUE · NO BANK
  GUARANTEENeither the fund nor Fidelity
  Distributors Corporation is a bank.
3 Annual Report

Chairman’s Message
(photograph of Edward C. Johnson 3d)Dear
Shareholder:
During the past year or so, much has been reported about the mutual
fund industry, and much of it has been more critical than I believe is
warranted. Allegations that some companies have been less than forthright with
their shareholders have cast a shadow on the entire industry. I continue to find
these reports disturbing, and assert that they do not create an accurate picture
of the industry overall. Therefore, I would like to remind every one where
Fidelity stands on these issues. I will say two things specifically regarding
allegations that some mutual fund companies were in violation of the Securities
and Exchange Commission’s forward pricing rules or were involved in so called
“market timing” activities.
First, Fidelity has no agreements that permit customers who buy
fund shares after 4 p.m. to obtain the 4 p.m. price. This is not a new policy.
This is not to say that some one could not deceive the company through
fraudulent acts. However, we are extremely diligent in preventing fraud from
occurring in this manner and in every other. But I underscore again that Fidelity has no
so called “agreements” that sanction illegal practices.
Second, Fidelity continues to stand on record, as we have for
years, in opposition to predatory short term trading that adversely affects
shareholders in a mutual fund. Back in the 1980s, we initiated a
fee which is returned to the fund and, therefore, to investors to
discourage this activity. Further, we took the lead several years ago in
developing a Fair Value Pricing Policy to prevent market timing on foreign
securities in our funds. I am confident we will find other ways to make it more
difficult for predatory traders to operate. However, this will only be achieved
through close cooperation among regulators, legislators and the
industry.
Yes, there have been unfortunate instances of unethical and illegal
activity within the mutual fund industry from time to time. That is true of any
industry. When this occurs, confessed or convicted offenders should be dealt
with appropriately. But we are still concerned about the risk of over regulation
and the quick application of simplistic solutions to intricate problems. Every
system can be improved, and we support and applaud well thought out improvements
by regulators, legislators and industry representatives that achieve the common
goal of building and protecting the value of investors’ holdings. For
nearly 60 years, Fidelity has worked very hard to improve its products and
service to justify your trust. When our family founded this company in 1946, we
had only a few hundred customers. Today, we serve more than 18 million customers
including individual investors and participants in retirement plans across
America. Let me close by saying that we do not take your trust in us for
granted, and we realize that we must always work to improve all aspects of our
service to you. In turn, we urge you to continue your active participation with
your financial matters, so that your interests can be well served. Best
regards,
/s/ Edward C. Johnson 3dEdward C. Johnson 3d
Annual Report 4

Performance: The Bottom Line
Average annual total return reflects the change in the value of an
investment, assuming reinvestment of the fund’s dividend income and capital
gains (the profits earned upon the sale of securities that have grown in value)
and assuming a constant rate of performance each year. The $10,000 table and the
fund’s returns do not reflect the deduction of taxes that a shareholder would
pay on fund distributions or the redemption of fund shares. During periods of
reimbursement by Fidelity, a fund’s total return will be greater than it would
be had the reimbursement not occurred. How a fund did yesterday is no guarantee
of how it will do tomorrow.


Average Annual Total Returns  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Periods ended November 30, 2005  
  
Past 1  
  
Past 5  
  
Past 10  

  
  
year  
  
years  
  
years  

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund® 
  
  
11.07%  
  
1.69%  
  
14.69%  

  

$10,000 Over 10 Years  
  
  
  
  
  
 

Let’s say hypothetically that $10,000 was invested in
Fidelity®
New
Millennium Fund® on November 30, 1995. The chart shows how the value of your
investment would have changed, and also shows how the Standard & Poor’s
500SM Index performed over the same period. 
5 Annual Report
5


Management’s Discussion of Fund Performance

Comments from Neal Miller, Portfolio Manager of Fidelity® New Millennium Fund®

Numerous events unfolded during the 12 month period ending November 30, 2005, that were major influences on the U.S. equity markets. Issues exerting downward pressure on stocks included
higher levels of inflation, eight short term interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve Board, exorbitant energy prices, and a Category 4 hurricane that devas tated both the city of New Orleans and several nearby oil production and refinery
facilities. Grabbing most of the markets’ upbeat headlines was consistent strength in consumer spending, corporate earnings and gross domestic product (GDP). When all was said and done, investors demonstrated their conviction in the economy,
pushing stocks higher across the board. By period end, the Standard & Poor’s 500SM Index, the NASDAQ Composite® Index and the Dow Jones Industrial AverageSM approached or exceeded four and a half year highs. For the 12 months overall, the S&P 500® was up 8.44%, the NASDAQ® rose 7.28% and the Dow advanced 6.07%, threatening to eclipse the 11,000 threshold for the first time since 2001.

Fidelity New Millennium Fund achieved an 11.07% return for the one year period ending November 30, 2005, outpacing the S&P 500, as well as the LipperSM Capital Appreciation Funds Average, which returned 7.90% . Astute stock picking drove the lion’s share of the
fund’s outperformance versus the index, with the biggest contributions coming from the industrials, materials and energy sectors. Among the strongest contributors were such names as Joy Global, the leading maker of coal mining machinery;
Titanium Metals, the world’s largest producer of titanium; and Smith International, an energy services provider. The fund added significantly to its health care weighting during the period and benefited from such holdings in health care
equipment and services as managed care provider PacifiCare Health Systems and prescription benefit manager Express Scripts. Conversely, the fund lost ground due to unfavorable security selection in consumer durables and in technology hardware and
equipment, due to disappointing results from Harman Interna tional Industries and Avid Technology, respectively. One unfortunate pick in materials, Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, also dampened returns.

The views expressed in this statement reflect those of the portfolio manager only through the end of the period of the report as stated on the cover and do not necessarily represent
the views of Fidelity or any other person in the Fidelity organization. Any such views are subject to change at any time based upon market or other conditions and Fidelity disclaims any responsibility to update such views. These views may not be
relied on as investment advice and, because investment decisions for a Fidelity fund are based on numerous factors, may not be relied on as an indication of trading intent on behalf of any Fidelity fund.


Annual Report



6 6


Shareholder Expense Example
As
a shareholder of the Fund, you incur two types of costs: (1) transaction costs,
and (2) ongoing costs, including management fees and other Fund expenses. This
Example is intended to help you understand your ongoing costs (in dollars) of
investing in the Fund and to compare these costs with the ongoing costs of
investing in other mutual funds. The Example is based on an investment of $1,000
invested at the beginning of the period and held for the entire period (June 1,
2005 to November 30, 2005).



Actual Expenses
The first line of the table below provides information about actual
account values and actual expenses. You may use the information in this line,
together with the amount you invested, to estimate the expenses that you paid
over the period. Simply divide your account value by $1,000.00 (for example, an
$8,600 account value divided by $1,000.00 = 8.6), then multiply the result by
the number in the first line under the heading entitled “Expenses Paid During
Period” to estimate the expenses you paid on your account during this period. A
small balance maintenance fee of $12.00 that is charged once a year may apply
for certain accounts with a value of less than $2,000. This fee is not included
in the table below. If it was, the estimate of expenses you paid during the
period would be higher, and your ending account value lower, by this
amount.
Hypothetical Example for Comparison Purposes
The second line of the table below provides information about
hypothetical account values and hypothetical expenses based on the Fund’s actual
expense ratio and an assumed rate of return of 5% per year before expenses,
which is not the Fund’s actual return. The hypothetical account values and
expenses may not be used to estimate the actual ending account balance or
expenses you paid for the period. You may use this information to compare the
ongoing costs of investing in the Fund and other funds. To do so, compare this
5% hypothetical example with the 5% hypothetical examples that appear in the
share holder reports of the other funds. A small balance maintenance fee of
$12.00 that is charged once a year may apply for certain accounts with a value
of less than $2,000. This fee is not included in the table below. If it was, the
estimate of expenses you paid during the period would be higher, and your ending
account value lower, by this amount.
Please note that the expenses shown in the table are meant to
highlight your ongoing costs only and do not reflect any transaction costs.
Therefore, the second line of the table is useful in comparing ongoing costs
only, and will not help you determine the relative total costs of owning
different funds.


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expenses Paid

  
  
  
  
Beginning
  
  
  
Ending
  
During Period*

  
  
  
  
Account Value
  
  
  
Account Value
  
June 1, 2005 to

  
  
  
  
June 1, 2005
  


 November 30, 2005

 November 30, 2005

Actual  
  
$ 
  
  
1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
1,150.80 $  
 $ 
4.80  

Hypothetical (5%
  return per year  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   before expenses)  
  
$ 
  
  
1,000.00  
  
$ 
  
  
1,020.61 $  
  $
4.51 

*
Expenses are equal to the Fund’s annualized expense ratio of .89%;
multiplied by the average account value over the period, multiplied by 183/365
(to reflect the one half year period).
7 Annual Report



Investment Changes  
  
  
  
  

  

  

 Top Ten Stocks as of
  November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

Smith
  International, Inc.  
  
4.5 
  
  
3.8 
  

Puma
  AG  
  
3.2 
  
  
2.6 
  

Potash Corp. of
  Saskatchewan  
  
2.6 
  
  
3.5 
  

Titanium Metals
  Corp.  
  
2.5 
  
  
0.4 
  

Valero Energy
  Corp.  
  
2.1 
  
  
1.4 
  

Humana,
  Inc.  
  
2.1 
  
  
0.0 
  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.)  
  
2.0 
  
  
1.4 
  

Chicago Bridge
  & Iron Co. NV (NY Shares)  
  
2.0 
  
  
1.8 
  

UnitedHealth
  Group, Inc.  
  
1.8 
  
  
0.4 
  

Joy Global,
  Inc.  
  
1.8  
  
1.2  

  
  
24.6  
  
  

 Top Five Market Sectors as
  of November 30, 2005  
  
  

  
  
%
  of fund’s  
  
%
  of fund’s net assets  

  
  
net
  assets  
  
6
  months ago  

Health
  Care  
  
22.6  
  
6.0 
  

Industrials  
  
14.6  
  
18.4  

Energy  
  
13.8  
  
12.2  

Consumer
  Discretionary  
  
12.4  
  
19.9  

Information
  Technology  
  
11.7  
  
23.3   
Annual Report 8



Investments November  30,
  2005  
  
  

Showing
  Percentage of Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  97.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY – 12.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Automobiles – 0.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Dongfeng Motor
  Group Co. Ltd. (H Shares)  
  
5,660,000  
  
$  
  
1,180  

Thor Industries,
  Inc.  
  
517,500  
  
  
  
19,831  

Winnebago
  Industries, Inc.  
  
25,600  
  
  
  
860  

  
  
  
  
  
  
21,871  

Distributors – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Li & Fung
  Ltd.  
  
2,016,000  
  
  
  
4,069  

Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 1.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Buffalo Wild
  Wings, Inc. (a)  
  
109,400  
  
  
  
3,087  

International
  Speedway Corp.:  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     Class
  A  
  
184,722  
  
  
  
10,080  

     Class
  B  
  
228,100  
  
  
  
12,386  

Kerzner
  International Ltd. (a)  
  
13,600  
  
  
  
884  

Las Vegas Sands
  Corp.  
  
42,700  
  
  
  
1,781  

Luby’s, Inc.
  (a)  
  
157,800  
  
  
  
2,017  

Penn National
  Gaming, Inc. (a)  
  
158,800  
  
  
  
5,267  

Red Robin
  Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (a)  
  
36,500  
  
  
  
2,004  

Station Casinos,
  Inc.  
  
46,800  
  
  
  
3,245  

The Cheesecake
  Factory, Inc. (a)  
  
465,437  
  
  
  
17,054  

Vail Resorts,
  Inc. (a)  
  
98,000  
  
  
  
3,651  

Wynn Resorts
  Ltd. (a)  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
2,032  

  
  
  
  
  
  
63,488  

Household Durables – 3.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Champion
  Enterprises, Inc. (a)  
  
3,582,500  
  
  
  
51,839  

Garmin Ltd.
  (d)  
  
965,550  
  
  
  
53,202  

  
  
  
  
  
  
105,041  

Internet & Catalog Retail 0.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Coldwater Creek,
  Inc. (a)  
  
105,400  
  
  
  
3,310  

eBay, Inc.
  (a)  
  
353,100  
  
  
  
15,822  

  
  
  
  
  
  
19,132  

Leisure Equipment & Products – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Li Ning Co.
  Ltd.  
  
1,886,000  
  
  
  
1,240  

Oakley, Inc.
  (d)  
  
370,600  
  
  
  
5,959  

  
  
  
  
  
  
7,199  

Media – 0.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ADVO,
  Inc.  
  
30,874  
  
  
  
843  

Playboy
  Enterprises, Inc. Class B (non-vtg.) (a)  
  
148,300  
  
  
  
2,125  

Television
  Broadcasts Ltd.  
  
168,000  
  
  
  
909  

Thomson
  Corp.  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
1,280  

  

See accompanying notes which are an integral
  part of the financial statements.  
  
  
  
  

  

 
                     
                     
                     
                     
         9  
  
  
  
Annual Report  



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Media – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

VNU
  NV  
  
325,700  
  
$ 
  
  
10,175  

XM Satellite
  Radio Holdings, Inc. Class A (a)  
  
78,400  
  
  
  
2,294  

Yellow Pages
  Income Fund  
  
91,500  
  
  
  
1,200  

  
  
  
  
  
  
18,826  

Multiline Retail – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Takashimaya Co.
  Ltd.  
  
122,000  
  
  
  
1,888  

Specialty Retail – 1.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Abercrombie
  & Fitch Co. Class A  
  
72,500  
  
  
  
4,446  

Chico’s FAS,
  Inc. (a)  
  
109,100  
  
  
  
4,812  

Citi Trends,
  Inc.  
  
71,700  
  
  
  
2,553  

Dress Barn, Inc.
  (a)  
  
641,100  
  
  
  
21,400  

The Buckle,
  Inc.  
  
46,000  
  
  
  
1,501  

Tiffany &
  Co., Inc.  
  
225,400  
  
  
  
9,174  

Urban
  Outfitters, Inc. (a)  
  
141,600  
  
  
  
4,370  

  
  
  
  
  
  
48,256  

Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods – 3.9% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Louis Vuitton
  Moet Hennessy (LVMH) (d)  
  
78,500  
  
  
  
6,737  

Phillips Van
  Heusen Corp.  
  
72,900  
  
  
  
2,471  

Polo Ralph
  Lauren Corp. Class A  
  
80,500  
  
  
  
4,315  

Puma
  AG  
  
402,276  
  
  
  
108,569  

Quiksilver, Inc.
  (a)  
  
892,900  
  
  
  
10,965  

Stride Rite
  Corp.  
  
112,600  
  
  
  
1,547  

  
  
  
  
  
  
134,604  

  

TOTAL CONSUMER
  DISCRETIONARY  
  
  
  
  
  
424,374  

  

CONSUMER STAPLES 2.4%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Food & Staples Retailing – 2.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Longs Drug
  Stores Corp.  
  
597,700  
  
  
  
25,480  

United Natural
  Foods, Inc. (a)  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
1,022  

Whole Foods
  Market, Inc.  
  
331,300  
  
  
  
48,794  

  
  
  
  
  
  
75,296  

Food Products 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Flowers Foods,
  Inc.  
  
101,300  
  
  
  
2,626  

Tootsie Roll
  Industries, Inc.  
  
73,800  
  
  
  
2,229  

  
  
  
  
  
  
4,855  

  

TOTAL CONSUMER
  STAPLES  
  
  
  
  
  
80,151 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



10



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

ENERGY 13.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Energy Equipment & Services – 7.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

BJ Services
  Co.  
  
241,800  
  
$ 
  
  
8,862  

Carbo Ceramics,
  Inc.  
  
31,050  
  
  
  
1,831  

Diamond Offshore
  Drilling, Inc.  
  
104,200  
  
  
  
6,521  

Halliburton
  Co.  
  
425,200  
  
  
  
27,064  

Nabors
  Industries Ltd. (a)  
  
345,200  
  
  
  
24,167  

Rowan Companies,
  Inc.  
  
297,600  
  
  
  
10,678  

Schlumberger
  Ltd. (NY Shares)  
  
165,700  
  
  
  
15,862  

Smith
  International, Inc.  
  
4,020,500  
  
  
  
151,933  

TETRA
  Technologies, Inc. (a)  
  
53,350  
  
  
  
1,563  

Tidewater,
  Inc.  
  
458,300  
  
  
  
20,715  

  
  
  
  
  
  
269,196  

Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels – 5.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Alpha Natural
  Resources, Inc.  
  
278,300  
  
  
  
6,685  

Cameco
  Corp.  
  
464,100  
  
  
  
26,431  

CONSOL Energy,
  Inc.  
  
386,500  
  
  
  
25,014  

Frontier Oil
  Corp.  
  
470,000  
  
  
  
17,710  

Ivanhoe Energy,
  Inc. (a)  
  
672,700  
  
  
  
1,009  

Newfield
  Exploration Co. (a)  
  
116,000  
  
  
  
5,366  

Peabody Energy
  Corp.  
  
65,000  
  
  
  
5,126  

Plains
  Exploration & Production Co. (a)  
  
326,500  
  
  
  
13,844  

Quicksilver
  Resources, Inc. (a)  
  
143,400  
  
  
  
5,429  

Tesoro
  Corp.  
  
128,200  
  
  
  
7,060  

USEC,
  Inc.  
  
775,600  
  
  
  
8,532  

Valero Energy
  Corp.  
  
752,800  
  
  
  
72,419  

Williams
  Companies, Inc.  
  
259,600  
  
  
  
5,581  

  
  
  
  
  
  
200,206  

  

TOTAL
  ENERGY  
  
  
  
  
  
469,402  

  

FINANCIALS – 8.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Capital Markets 1.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Ameritrade
  Holding Corp. (a)  
  
183,185  
  
  
  
4,279  

E*TRADE
  Financial Corp. (a)  
  
1,321,200  
  
  
  
25,790  

Franklin
  Resources, Inc.  
  
27,300  
  
  
  
2,536  

GFI Group,
  Inc.  
  
51,005  
  
  
  
2,272  

LaBranche &
  Co., Inc. (a)(d)  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
389  

Nomura Holdings,
  Inc. sponsored ADR  
  
56,500  
  
  
  
941  

optionsXpress
  Holdings, Inc.  
  
399,100  
  
  
  
9,782  

  
  
  
  
  
  
45,989 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
11 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
 
   Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

FINANCIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Consumer Finance – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Nelnet, Inc.
  Class A (a)  
  
86,400  
  
$ 
  
  
3,288  

Diversified Financial Services – 3.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chicago
  Mercantile Exchange Holdings, Inc. Class A  
  
11,500  
  
  
  
4,073  

IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  
  
183,900  
  
  
  
5,940  

Leucadia
  National Corp.  
  
496,150  
  
  
  
23,508  

Moody’s
  Corp.  
  
734,700  
  
  
  
44,192  

The Nasdaq Stock
  Market, Inc. (a)  
  
1,121,800  
  
  
  
43,896  

  
  
  
  
  
  
121,609  

Insurance – 2.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Allstate
  Corp.  
  
255,000  
  
  
  
14,306  

Arch Capital
  Group Ltd. (a)  
  
54,600  
  
  
  
2,864  

Aspen Insurance
  Holdings Ltd.  
  
73,400  
  
  
  
1,837  

CNA Financial
  Corp. (a)  
  
65,600  
  
  
  
2,234  

HCC Insurance
  Holdings, Inc.  
  
36,300  
  
  
  
1,109  

Loews
  Corp.  
  
34,100  
  
  
  
3,293  

Max Re Capital
  Ltd.  
  
6,059  
  
  
  
162  

MetLife,
  Inc.  
  
71,900  
  
  
  
3,699  

Montpelier Re
  Holdings Ltd.  
  
131,300  
  
  
  
2,577  

Progressive
  Corp.  
  
147,500  
  
  
  
18,141  

Prudential
  Financial, Inc.  
  
105,400  
  
  
  
8,158  

Swiss
  Reinsurance Co. (Reg.)  
  
22,635  
  
  
  
1,672  

The Chubb
  Corp.  
  
40,600  
  
  
  
3,932  

W.R. Berkley
  Corp.  
  
288,450  
  
  
  
13,448  

White Mountains
  Insurance Group Ltd.  
  
5,100  
  
  
  
3,103  

XL Capital Ltd.
  Class A  
  
91,300  
  
  
  
6,060  

Zenith National
  Insurance Corp.  
  
100,100  
  
  
  
4,745  

  
  
  
  
  
  
91,340  

Real Estate 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

CB Richard Ellis
  Group, Inc. Class A (a)  
  
134,200  
  
  
  
7,448  

Shun Tak
  Holdings Ltd.  
  
2,592,000  
  
  
  
2,206  

Sinochem Hong
  Kong Holding Ltd. (a)  
  
11,679,600  
  
  
  
2,033  

  
  
  
  
  
  
11,687  

  

TOTAL
  FINANCIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
273,913  

  

HEALTH CARE – 22.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology – 3.9%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Amgen, Inc.
  (a)  
  
158,600  
  
  
  
12,835  

Applera Corp. –
  Applied Biosystems Group  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
1,004 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



12



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

HEALTH CARE – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biotechnology – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Biogen Idec,
  Inc. (a)  
  
502,600  
  
$ 
  
  
21,516  

Cubist
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
72,900  
  
  
  
1,648  

Genentech, Inc.
  (a)  
  
544,370  
  
  
  
52,053  

Gilead Sciences,
  Inc. (a)  
  
657,600  
  
  
  
33,334  

Invitrogen Corp.
  (a)  
  
95,600  
  
  
  
6,372  

Medarex, Inc.
  (a)  
  
11,600  
  
  
  
121  

Neurocrine
  Biosciences, Inc. (a)  
  
18,200  
  
  
  
1,083  

Senomyx, Inc.
  (a)  
  
17,400  
  
  
  
222  

Vertex
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
108,500  
  
  
  
2,767  

  
  
  
  
  
  
132,955  

Health Care Equipment & Supplies – 2.1% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Abaxis, Inc.
  (a)  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
604  

Alcon,
  Inc.  
  
12,400  
  
  
  
1,738  

C.R. Bard,
  Inc.  
  
293,300  
  
  
  
19,026  

Cytyc Corp.
  (a)  
  
126,500  
  
  
  
3,480  

Foxhollow
  Technologies, Inc. (a)  
  
31,200  
  
  
  
1,358  

Haemonetics
  Corp. (a)  
  
153,400  
  
  
  
7,843  

Hologic, Inc.
  (a)  
  
209,200  
  
  
  
14,868  

INAMED Corp.
  (a)  
  
72,700  
  
  
  
6,095  

Intermagnetics
  General Corp. (a)  
  
30,500  
  
  
  
1,020  

IRIS
  International, Inc. (a)  
  
23,600  
  
  
  
582  

Mentor
  Corp.  
  
215,200  
  
  
  
10,489  

Meridian
  Bioscience, Inc.  
  
128,100  
  
  
  
2,392  

Quidel Corp.
  (a)  
  
24,200  
  
  
  
338  

  
  
  
  
  
  
69,833  

Health Care Providers & Services – 14.4% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Aetna,
  Inc.  
  
566,700  
  
  
  
52,414  

American
  Retirement Corp. (a)  
  
27,400  
  
  
  
675  

Capital Senior
  Living Corp. (a)  
  
69,300  
  
  
  
700  

Cardinal Health,
  Inc.  
  
67,200  
  
  
  
4,297  

Caremark Rx,
  Inc. (a)  
  
907,300  
  
  
  
46,626  

Cerner Corp.
  (a)  
  
151,200  
  
  
  
14,576  

CIGNA
  Corp.  
  
426,900  
  
  
  
48,035  

Emeritus Corp.
  (a)  
  
28,500  
  
  
  
553  

Express Scripts,
  Inc. (a)  
  
380,500  
  
  
  
32,137  

Health Net, Inc.
  (a)  
  
809,200  
  
  
  
41,293  

Horizon Health
  Corp. (a)  
  
142,578  
  
  
  
3,311  

Humana, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,548,300  
  
  
  
70,959  

Lifeline
  Systems, Inc. (a)  
  
10,900  
  
  
  
387 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
13 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

HEALTH CARE – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Health Care Providers & Services –
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Medco Health
  Solutions, Inc. (a)  
  
306,000  
  
$ 
  
  
16,417  

Omnicare,
  Inc.  
  
277,500  
  
  
  
15,804  

Owens &
  Minor, Inc.  
  
67,500  
  
  
  
1,914  

PacifiCare
  Health Systems, Inc. (a)  
  
477,600  
  
  
  
41,093  

Pharmaceutical
  Product Development, Inc.  
  
40,900  
  
  
  
2,384  

Psychiatric
  Solutions, Inc. (a)  
  
188,300  
  
  
  
10,624  

Radiation
  Therapy Services, Inc. (a)  
  
32,500  
  
  
  
1,233  

UnitedHealth
  Group, Inc.  
  
1,047,900  
  
  
  
62,727  

WellPoint, Inc.
  (a)  
  
294,200  
  
  
  
22,603  

  
  
  
  
  
  
490,762  

Pharmaceuticals – 2.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Allergan,
  Inc.  
  
73,400  
  
  
  
7,340  

Barr
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
72,600  
  
  
  
4,164  

Connetics Corp.
  (a)  
  
19,006  
  
  
  
252  

Mylan
  Laboratories, Inc.  
  
198,000  
  
  
  
4,136  

Novartis AG
  sponsored ADR  
  
18,000  
  
  
  
943  

Roche Holding AG
  (participation certificate)  
  
245,061  
  
  
  
36,829  

Teva
  Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. sponsored ADR  
  
326,000  
  
  
  
13,327  

Watson
  Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a)  
  
268,800  
  
  
  
8,967  

  
  
  
  
  
  
75,958  

  

TOTAL HEALTH
  CARE  
  
  
  
  
  
769,508  

  

INDUSTRIALS – 14.6%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Aerospace & Defense – 0.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

EADS
  NV  
  
195,300  
  
  
  
7,236  

Rockwell
  Collins, Inc.  
  
226,500  
  
  
  
10,351  

The Boeing
  Co.  
  
78,600  
  
  
  
5,360  

  
  
  
  
  
  
22,947  

Air
  Freight & Logistics – 1.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Expeditors
  International of Washington, Inc.  
  
27,300  
  
  
  
1,939  

Forward Air
  Corp.  
  
178,374  
  
  
  
6,858  

Hub Group, Inc.
  Class A (a)  
  
200,258  
  
  
  
8,120  

UTI Worldwide,
  Inc.  
  
344,800  
  
  
  
33,546  

  
  
  
  
  
  
50,463  

Commercial Services & Supplies – 1.2% 

  
  
  
  
  
  

American Ecology
  Corp. (a)  
  
82,000  
  
  
  
1,334  

CDI
  Corp.  
  
50,500  
  
  
  
1,426  

Clean Harbors,
  Inc. (a)(d)  
  
219,400  
  
  
  
6,332 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



14



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INDUSTRIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Commercial Services & Supplies –
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Corporate
  Executive Board Co.  
  
45,100  
  
$ 
  
  
3,902  

FTI Consulting,
  Inc. (a)  
  
60,300  
  
  
  
1,710  

Healthcare
  Services Group, Inc.  
  
54,700  
  
  
  
1,162  

Monster
  Worldwide, Inc. (a)  
  
270,000  
  
  
  
10,503  

PHH Corp.
  (a)  
  
18,200  
  
  
  
525  

Robert Half
  International, Inc.  
  
370,400  
  
  
  
14,172  

  
  
  
  
  
  
41,066  

Construction & Engineering – 3.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chicago Bridge
  & Iron Co. NV (NY Shares)  
  
2,590,800  
  
  
  
67,076  

EMCOR Group,
  Inc. (a)  
  
38,900  
  
  
  
2,752  

Fluor
  Corp.  
  
114,500  
  
  
  
8,484  

Foster Wheeler
  Ltd. (a)  
  
232,000  
  
  
  
8,081  

Jacobs
  Engineering Group, Inc. (a)  
  
73,200  
  
  
  
4,756  

JGC
  Corp.  
  
401,000  
  
  
  
7,295  

Perini Corp.
  (a)  
  
79,200  
  
  
  
2,040  

Shaw Group, Inc.
  (a)  
  
542,300  
  
  
  
15,667  

Washington Group
  International, Inc. (a)  
  
279,900  
  
  
  
14,474  

  
  
  
  
  
  
130,625  

Electrical Equipment – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

ABB Ltd.
  sponsored ADR (a)  
  
970,700  
  
  
  
8,494  

Industrial Conglomerates – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Walter
  Industries, Inc.  
  
21,400  
  
  
  
1,077  

Machinery – 2.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Bucyrus
  International, Inc. Class A  
  
100,800  
  
  
  
4,728  

Hexagon AB (B
  Shares)  
  
29,640  
  
  
  
778  

Joy Global,
  Inc.  
  
1,179,700  
  
  
  
62,394  

Stewart &
  Stevenson Services, Inc.  
  
258,500  
  
  
  
5,299  

Toro
  Co.  
  
90,400  
  
  
  
3,633  

Watts Water
  Technologies, Inc. Class A  
  
278,900  
  
  
  
8,057  

  
  
  
  
  
  
84,889  

Marine – 1.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Alexander &
  Baldwin, Inc.  
  
863,373  
  
  
  
43,186  

Kirby Corp.
  (a)  
  
124,000  
  
  
  
6,597  

  
  
  
  
  
  
49,783  

Road & Rail 3.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Burlington
  Northern Santa Fe Corp.  
  
427,500  
  
  
  
28,292  

Dollar Thrifty
  Automotive Group, Inc. (a)  
  
122,400  
  
  
  
4,590  

Florida East
  Coast Industries, Inc. Class A  
  
93,800  
  
  
  
4,152 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
15 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INDUSTRIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Road & Rail – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Kansas City
  Southern (a)  
  
1,100,100  
  
$ 
  
  
27,469  

Laidlaw
  International, Inc.  
  
726,500  
  
  
  
15,707  

Landstar System,
  Inc.  
  
662,800  
  
  
  
28,527  

  
  
  
  
  
  
108,737  

  

TOTAL
  INDUSTRIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
498,081  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – 11.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

CIENA Corp.
  (a)  
  
2,824,200  
  
  
  
8,444  

Comverse
  Technology, Inc. (a)  
  
176,200  
  
  
  
4,618  

Corning, Inc.
  (a)  
  
688,200  
  
  
  
13,936  

F5 Networks,
  Inc. (a)  
  
500  
  
  
  
26  

Foundry
  Networks, Inc. (a)  
  
146,000  
  
  
  
2,028  

Powerwave
  Technologies, Inc. (a)  
  
244,500  
  
  
  
3,071  

QUALCOMM,
  Inc.  
  
188,200  
  
  
  
8,557  

  
  
  
  
  
  
40,680  

Computers & Peripherals – 1.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Intergraph Corp.
  (a)  
  
166,900  
  
  
  
8,015  

UNOVA, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,217,400  
  
  
  
34,245  

  
  
  
  
  
  
42,260  

Electronic Equipment & Instruments –
  0.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

FLIR Systems,
  Inc. (a)  
  
992,900  
  
  
  
24,544  

ScanSource, Inc.
  (a)  
  
35,100  
  
  
  
2,081  

  
  
  
  
  
  
26,625  

Internet Software & Services – 2.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Blue Coat
  Systems, Inc. (a)  
  
36,400  
  
  
  
1,649  

Digitas, Inc.
  (a)  
  
833,616  
  
  
  
10,420  

Google, Inc.
  Class A (sub. vtg.) (a)  
  
170,500  
  
  
  
69,051  

Tencent Holdings
  Ltd.  
  
1,211,000  
  
  
  
1,226  

ValueClick, Inc.
  (a)  
  
144,600  
  
  
  
2,730  

Vignette Corp.
  (a)  
  
200,600  
  
  
  
3,553  

Websense, Inc.
  (a)  
  
30,800  
  
  
  
2,000  

  
  
  
  
  
  
90,629  

IT
  Services – 0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Forrester
  Research, Inc. (a)  
  
69,600  
  
  
  
1,297  

Gartner, Inc.
  Class A (a)  
  
47,700  
  
  
  
643  

Global Payments,
  Inc.  
  
53,600  
  
  
  
2,347 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



16



Common Stocks continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

IT
  Services – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Intrado, Inc.
  (a)  
  
15,400  
  
$ 
  
  
348  

MoneyGram
  International, Inc.  
  
67,400  
  
  
  
1,744  

VeriFone
  Holdings, Inc.  
  
27,400  
  
  
  
627  

  
  
  
  
  
  
7,006  

Office Electronics – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Zebra
  Technologies Corp. Class A (a)  
  
59,000  
  
  
  
2,663  

Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment –
  1.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Advanced Micro
  Devices, Inc. (a)  
  
198,100  
  
  
  
5,186  

ASML Holding NV
  (NY Shares) (a)  
  
317,700  
  
  
  
6,087  

KLA Tencor
  Corp.  
  
101,000  
  
  
  
5,170  

Lam Research
  Corp. (a)  
  
190,000  
  
  
  
7,133  

Linear
  Technology Corp.  
  
43,600  
  
  
  
1,627  

Marvell
  Technology Group Ltd. (a)  
  
36,100  
  
  
  
2,005  

Micron
  Technology, Inc. (a)  
  
1,163,800  
  
  
  
16,596  

Siliconware
  Precision Industries Co. Ltd. sponsored ADR (d)  
  
278,000  
  
  
  
1,468  

  
  
  
  
  
  
45,272  

Software 4.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Activision, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,842,406  
  
  
  
24,522  

Autodesk, Inc.
  (a)  
  
1,119,400  
  
  
  
46,701  

Citrix Systems,
  Inc. (a)  
  
669,300  
  
  
  
18,165  

Cognos, Inc.
  (a)  
  
233,500  
  
  
  
7,807  

FactSet Research
  Systems, Inc.  
  
40,100  
  
  
  
1,553  

Fair, Isaac
  & Co., Inc.  
  
161,900  
  
  
  
7,418  

Informatica
  Corp. (a)  
  
36,100  
  
  
  
406  

McAfee, Inc.
  (a)  
  
482,200  
  
  
  
13,410  

NAVTEQ Corp.
  (a)  
  
519,700  
  
  
  
21,827  

Quality Systems,
  Inc.  
  
27,300  
  
  
  
2,215  

Salesforce.com,
  Inc. (a)  
  
2,700  
  
  
  
86  

  
  
  
  
  
  
144,110  

  

TOTAL
  INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
  
  
  
  
  
399,245  

  

MATERIALS 11.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chemicals – 4.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Air Products
  & Chemicals, Inc.  
  
154,901  
  
  
  
9,165  

Chemtura
  Corp.  
  
333,300  
  
  
  
4,016  

K&S
  AG  
  
44,298  
  
  
  
2,806  

Monsanto
  Co.  
  
168,700  
  
  
  
12,361  

Mosaic Co.
  (a)  
  
319,600  
  
  
  
4,327 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
17 Annual Report



Investments continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 Common Stocks
  continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
(000s)  

  

MATERIALS – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chemicals – continued  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Potash Corp. of
  Saskatchewan  
  
1,207,000  
  
$ 
  
  
87,934  

Praxair,
  Inc.  
  
264,600  
  
  
  
13,759  

Sigma Aldrich
  Corp.  
  
45,300  
  
  
  
2,992  

  
  
  
  
  
  
137,360  

Construction Materials 2.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Cemex SA de CV
  sponsored ADR  
  
52,100  
  
  
  
2,933  

Headwaters, Inc.
  (a)  
  
136,900  
  
  
  
4,878  

Martin Marietta
  Materials, Inc.  
  
624,800  
  
  
  
46,929  

Vulcan Materials
  Co.  
  
364,300  
  
  
  
24,299  

  
  
  
  
  
  
79,039  

Metals & Mining – 4.8%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Aber Diamond
  Corp.  
  
114,600  
  
  
  
4,102  

Allegheny
  Technologies, Inc.  
  
573,100  
  
  
  
18,901  

POSCO sponsored
  ADR  
  
86,900  
  
  
  
4,324  

Quanex
  Corp.  
  
218,400  
  
  
  
13,508  

RTI
  International Metals, Inc. (a)  
  
1,013,500  
  
  
  
37,804  

Titanium Metals
  Corp. (a)(d)  
  
1,331,500  
  
  
  
84,084  

  
  
  
  
  
  
162,723  

Paper & Forest Products 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Stella-Jones,
  Inc.  
  
100,900  
  
  
  
1,120  

  

TOTAL
  MATERIALS  
  
  
  
  
  
380,242  

  

TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES – 0.5%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Wireless Telecommunication Services – 0.5% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

American Tower
  Corp. Class A (a)  
  
381,300  
  
  
  
10,406  

Linktone Ltd.
  sponsored ADR (a)  
  
675,300  
  
  
  
7,199  

  
  
  
  
  
  
17,605  

  

UTILITIES – 0.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Electric Utilities – 0.1%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

FPL Group,
  Inc.  
  
68,800  
  
  
  
2,916  

Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders –
  0.2%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Black Hills
  Corp.  
  
180,600  
  
  
  
6,601  

  

TOTAL
  UTILITIES  
  
  
  
  
  
9,517  

  

TOTAL COMMON STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
  (Cost $2,477,625)  
  
  
  
  
  
3,322,038  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



18



Convertible Preferred Stocks 
  0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
Shares  
  
Value (Note 1)  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  (000s)  

  

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Communications Equipment – 0.0%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Chorum
  Technologies, Inc. Series E (a)(e)  
  
  
  
18,500  
  
$ 
  
  
0  

TOTAL CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
  STOCKS  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $278)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0  

Money Market Funds 5.3%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fidelity Cash
  Central Fund, 4.08% (b)  
  
  
  
77,134,784  
  
  
  
77,135  

Fidelity Securities Lending Cash Central Fund, 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   4.09% (b)(c)  
  
  
  
105,431,850  
  
  
  
105,432  

TOTAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $182,567)  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
182,567  

TOTAL INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
  102.7%  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 (Cost $2,660,470)  
  
  
  
  
  
3,504,605  

  

NET
  OTHER ASSETS – (2.7)%  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(93,627)  

NET
  ASSETS 100%  
  
  
  
  
  
$

3,410,978 



Legend(a) Non-income
  producing(b) Affiliated fund that is available only
  toinvestment companies and otheraccounts managed
  by FidelityInvestments. The rate quoted is theannualized
  seven-day yield of the fundat period end. A complete
  unauditedlisting of the fund’s holdings as of itsmost recent
  quarter end is availableupon request.(c)
  Investment made with cash collateralreceived from securities on
  loan.



(d) Security or a portion of the security is
  onloan at period end.(e) Restricted securities –
  Investment insecurities not registered under theSecurities Act
  of 1933 (excluding 144Aissues). At the end of the period,
  thevalue of restricted securities (excluding144A issues)
  amounted to $0 or 0.0% ofnet
assets.
Additional information on each holding is as follows:


  
  
Acquisition  
  
Acquisition

Security  
  
Date  
  
Cost (000s)

Chorum  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Technologies,
  Inc.  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Series
  E  
  
9/19/00  
  
$ 
  
  
319 

See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
19 Annual Report

Investments continued
Affiliated Central Funds
Information regarding income received by the fund from the
affiliated Central funds during the period is as follows:


Fund  
  
  
  
  

(Amounts in thousands)  
  
Income received  

Fidelity Cash
  Central Fund  
  
$ 
  
  
2,773  

Fidelity
  Securities Lending Cash Central Fund  
  
  
  
2,331  

Total  
  
$ 
  
  
5,104  
Other Information
Distribution of investments by country of issue, as a percentage of
total net assets, is as follows:


United States of
  America  
  
83.5%  

Canada  
  
3.7%  

Germany  
  
3.3%  

Netherlands  
  
2.7%  

Cayman
  Islands  
  
1.6%  

Switzerland  
  
1.5%  

British Virgin
  Islands  
  
1.0%  

Others
  (individually less than 1%) .  
  
2.7%  

  
  
100.0% 
  
Income Tax Information
At
November 30, 2005, the fund had a capital loss carryforward of approximately
$26,063,000 all of which will expire on November 30, 2010.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



20




Financial Statements 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



 
  



 
  



  Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Amounts in thousands (except per share amount) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

November 30, 2005 
  



 
  



Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Investment in securities, at value (including securities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    loaned of $103,584) See accompanying schedule: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Unaffiliated issuers (cost $2,477,903) 
  

   

$ 
  

   

3,322,038 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Affiliated Central Funds (cost $182,567) 
  

   

 
  

   

182,567 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Total Investments (cost $2,660,470) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

3,504,605 
  



Receivable for investments sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

33,929 
  



Receivable for fund shares sold 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

1,968 
  



Dividends receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

2,207 
  



Interest receivable 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

291 
  



Prepaid expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

18 
  



Other receivables 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

454 
  



    Total assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

3,543,472 
  



 
  



Liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Payable to custodian bank 
  

   

$ 
  

   

30 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Payable for investments purchased 
  

   

 
  

   

22,257 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Payable for fund shares redeemed 
  

   

 
  

   

2,355 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Accrued management fee 
  

   

 
  

   

1,769 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Other affiliated payables 
  

   

 
  

   

598 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Other payables and accrued expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

53 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Collateral on securities loaned, at value 
  

   

 
  

   

105,432 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Total liabilities 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

132,494 
  



 
  



Net Assets 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

3,410,978 
  



Net Assets consist of: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Paid in capital 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

2,595,510 
  



Accumulated net investment loss 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(3) 
  



Accumulated undistributed net realized gain (loss) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    investments and foreign currency transactions 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(28,664) 
  



Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    investments and assets and liabilities in foreign 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    currencies 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

844,135 
  



Net Assets, for 99,996 shares outstanding 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

3,410,978 
  



Net Asset Value, offering price and redemption price per 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    share ($3,410,978 ÷ 99,996 shares) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

34.11 
  



See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial statements.

21 Annual Report




Financial Statements continued 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



 
  



 
  



  Statement of Operations 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Amounts in thousands 
  

   

 
  

   

Year ended November 30, 2005 
  



 
  



Investment Income 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Dividends 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

20,945 
  



Interest 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

19 
  



Income from affiliated Central Funds (including $2,331 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    from security lending) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

5,104 
  



    Total income 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

26,068 
  



 
  



Expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Management fee 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Basic fee 
  

   

$ 
  

   

20,628 
  

   

 
  



    Performance adjustment 
  

   

 
  

   

315 
  

   

 
  



Transfer agent fees 
  

   

 
  

   

6,188 
  

   

 
  



Accounting and security lending fees 
  

   

 
  

   

958 
  

   

 
  



Independent trustees’ compensation 
  

   

 
  

   

16 
  

   

 
  



Custodian fees and expenses 
  

   

 
  

   

102 
  

   

 
  



Registration fees 
  

   

 
  

   

68 
  

   

 
  



Audit 
  

   

 
  

   

69 
  

   

 
  



Legal 
  

   

 
  

   

12 
  

   

 
  



Miscellaneous 
  

   

 
  

   

120 
  

   

 
  



    Total expenses before reductions 
  

   

 
  

   

28,476 
  

   

 
  



    Expense reductions 
  

   

 
  

   

(1,936) 
  

   

26,540 
  



 
  



Net investment income (loss) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

(472) 
  



Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



Net realized gain (loss) on: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Investment securities: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Unaffiliated issuers 
  

   

 
  

   

261,472 
  

   

 
  



    Foreign currency transactions 
  

   

 
  

   

114 
  

   

 
  



Total net realized gain (loss) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

261,586 
  



Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    Investment securities 
  

   

 
  

   

82,556 
  

   

 
  



    Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies 
  

   

 
  

   

(3) 
  

   

 
  



Total change in net unrealized appreciation 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    (depreciation) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

82,553 
  



Net gain (loss) 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

344,139 
  



Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  

   

 
  



    operations 
  

   

 
  

   

$ 
  

   

343,667 
  



See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial statements.


Annual Report



22




Statement of Changes in Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
Year ended
  
  
  
Year ended

  
  
  
  
November 30,  
  
  
  
November 30,  

Amounts in thousands  
  
  
  
2005  
  
  
  
2004  

Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Net
  investment income (loss)  
  
$  
  
(472)  
  
$ 
  
  
(6,359)  

 
   Net
  realized gain (loss)  
  
  
  
261,586  
  
  
  
49,644  

   Change in net unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) .  
  
82,553  
  
  
  
(2,888)  

 
   Net increase (decrease) in net assets
  resulting  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       from operations  
  
  
  
343,667  
  
  
  
40,397  

Distributions to
  shareholders from net investment income  
  
.  
  
—  
  
  
  
(1,201)  

Share
  transactions  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Proceeds from sales of shares  
  
  
  
451,709  
  
  
  
634,226  

 
   Reinvestment of distributions  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
1,106  

 
   Cost
  of shares redeemed  
  
  
  
(934,052)  
  
  
  
(745,907)  

 
   Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting
  from  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       share transactions  
  
  
  
(482,343)  
  
  
  
(110,575)  

 
   Total increase (decrease) in net assets  
  
  
  
(138,676)  
  
  
  
(71,379)  

  

Net
  Assets  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Beginning of period  
  
  
  
3,549,654  
  
  
  
3,621,033  

 
   End
  of period (including accumulated net investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       loss of $3 and accumulated net investment loss
  of  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
       $4, respectively)  
  
$  
  
3,410,978  
  
$ 
  
  
3,549,654  

  

Other Information  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Shares  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 
   Sold  
  
  
  
14,540  
  
  
  
21,300  

 
   Issued in reinvestment of distributions  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
37  

 
   Redeemed  
  
  
  
(30,139)  
  
  
  
(25,384)  

 
   Net
  increase (decrease)  
  
  
  
(15,599)  
  
  
  
(4,047) 
  
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.
23 Annual Report



Financial
  Highlights  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

Years ended
  November 30,  
  
2005  
  
2004  
  
2003  
  
2002  
  
2001 
  

Selected Per Share
  Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Net asset value, beginning
  of  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   period  
  
$
  30.71  
  
$
  30.27  
  
$
  23.97  
  
$
  26.67  
  
$
  40.51  

Income from
  Investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Operations  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Net investment
  income (loss)C  
  
—G  
  
(.05)D  
  
—E,G  
  
(.09)  
  
(.09)  

   Net realized and
  unrealized  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
   gain
  (loss)  
  
3.40  
  
.50  
  
6.30  
  
(2.61)  
  
(4.14)  

   Total from
  investment operations  
  
3.40  
  
.45  
  
6.30  
  
(2.70)  
  
(4.23)  

Distributions from net
  investment  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   income  
  
—  
  
(.01)  
  
— 
  
— 
  
— 

Distributions from net
  realized  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   gain  
  
—  
  
—  
  
—  
  
—  
  
(9.61)  

   Total
  distributions  
  
—  
  
(.01)  
  
—  
  
—  
  
(9.61)  

Net asset value, end of
  period  
  
$
  34.11  
  
$
  30.71  
  
$
  30.27  
  
$
  23.97  
  
$
  26.67  

Total
  ReturnA,B  
  
11.07%  
  
1.49%  
  
26.28%  
  
(10.12)%  
  
(15.02)%  

Ratios to Average
  Net AssetsF  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Expenses before
  reductions  
  
86%  
  
.96%  
  
.81%  
  
1.07%  
  
1.01%  

   Expenses net of
  fee waivers, if  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
   any  
  
86%  
  
.96%  
  
.81%  
  
1.07%  
  
1.01%  

   Expenses net of
  all reductions  
  
80%  
  
.92%  
  
.76%  
  
1.02%  
  
.98%  

   Net investment
  income (loss)  
  
(.01)%  
  
     
   (.18)%  
  
.02%  
  
(.38)%  
  
(.30)%  

Supplemental
  Data  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

   Net assets, end
  of period (in  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

     
   millions)  
  
$ 3,411  
  
$ 3,550  
  
$ 3,621  
  
$ 2,715  
  
$ 2,829  

   Portfolio
  turnover rate  
  
120%  
  
96%  
  
97%  
  
91%  
  
85% 




A Total returns would have been lower had
  certain expenses not been reduced during the periods
  shown.B Total returns do not include the effect
  of the former sales charges.C Calculated based on average
  shares outstanding during the period.D Investment
  income per share reflects a special dividend which amounted to $.03 per
  share.E Investment income per share reflects a
  special dividend which amounted to $.02 per share.F
  Expense ratios reflect operating expenses of the fund.
  Expenses before reductions do not reflect amounts reimbursed by the
  investment adviser orreductions from brokerage service
  arrangements or other expense offset arrangements and do not represent the
  amount paid by the fund duringperiods when reimbursements or
  reductions occur. Expenses net of fee waivers reflect expenses after
  reimbursement by the investment adviser butprior to
  reductions from brokerage service arrangements or other expense offset
  arrangements. Expenses net of all reductions represent the
  netexpenses paid by the fund.G
  Amount represents less than $.01 per
  share.
See accompanying notes which are an integral part of the financial
statements.



Annual Report



24


Notes to Financial Statements

For the period ended November 30, 2005

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

1. Significant Accounting Policies.

Fidelity New Millennium Fund (the fund) is a fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust (the trust) and is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares. The fund is cur rently closed
to most new accounts. The trust is registered under the Investment Com pany Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), as an open end management investment company organized as a Massachusetts business trust. The fund may invest in affiliated money
market central funds (Money Market Central Funds) which are open end invest ment companies available to investment companies and other accounts managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) and its affiliates. The financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require management to make certain estimates and assumptions at the date of the financial statements. The following summa rizes the
significant accounting policies of the fund:

Security Valuation. Investments are valued and net asset value (NAV) per share is calculated (NAV
calculation) as of the close of business of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), normally 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. Wherever possible, the fund uses independent pricing services approved by the Board of Trustees to value its investments.

Equity securities, including restricted securities, for which market quotations are readily available, are valued at the last reported sale price or official closing price as reported
by an independent pricing service on the primary market or exchange on which they are traded. In the event there were no sales during the day or closing prices are not available, securities are valued at the last quoted bid price. Investments in
open end mutual funds, are valued at their closing net asset value each business day. Short term securities with remaining maturities of sixty days or less for which quotations are not readily available are valued at amortized cost, which
approximates value.

When current market prices or quotations are not readily available or do not accurately reflect fair value, valuations may be determined in accordance with procedures adopted by the
Board of Trustees. For example, when developments occur between the close of a market and the close of the NYSE that may materially affect the value of some or all of the securities, or when trading in a security is halted, those securities may be
fair valued. Factors used in the determination of fair value may include monitoring news to identify significant market or security specific events such as changes in the value of U.S. securi ties market, reviewing developments in foreign markets
and evaluating the performance of ADRs, futures contracts and exchange traded funds. Because the fund’s utilization of fair value pricing depends on market activity, the frequency with which fair value pricing is used can not be predicted and
may be utilized to a significant extent. The value of securities used for NAV calculation under fair value pricing may differ from published prices for the same securities.

25 Annual Report


Notes to Financial Statements  continued

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

1. Significant Accounting Policies  continued

Foreign Currency. The fund uses foreign currency contracts to facilitate transactions in foreign
denominated securities. Losses from these transactions may arise from changes in the value of the foreign currency or if the counterparties do not perform under the contracts’ terms.

Foreign denominated assets, including investment securities, and liabilities are trans lated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate at period end. Purchases and sales of invest ment
securities, income and dividends received and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the transac tion date.

The effects of exchange rate fluctuations on investments are included with the net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities. Other foreign currency transactions
resulting in realized and unrealized gain (loss) are disclosed separately.

Investment Transactions and Income. Security transactions are accounted for as of trade date. Gains and
losses on securities sold are determined on the basis of identified cost and may include proceeds received from litigation. Dividend income is recorded on the ex dividend date, except for certain dividends from foreign securities where the ex
dividend date may have passed, which are recorded as soon as the fund is informed of the ex dividend date. Non cash dividends included in dividend income, if any, are recorded at the fair market value of the securities received. Distributions
received on securities that represent a return of capital or capital gain are recorded as a reduction of cost of investments and/or as a realized gain. The fund estimates the components of distributions received that may be considered return of
capital distributions or capital gain distributions. Interest income is accrued as earned. Interest income includes coupon interest and amortization of premium and accretion of discount on debt securi ties. Investment income is recorded net of
foreign taxes withheld where recovery of such taxes is uncertain.

Expenses. Most expenses of the trust can be directly attributed to a fund. Expenses which cannot be
directly attributed are apportioned among each fund in the trust.

Income Tax Information and Distributions to Shareholders. Each year, the fund intends to qualify as a
regulated investment company by distributing all of its taxable income and realized gains under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, no provision for income taxes is required in the accompanying financial statements.


Annual Report



26


1. Significant Accounting Policies continued
Income Tax Information and Distributions to Shareholders
continued
Foreign taxes are provided for based on the fund’s understanding of
the tax rules and rates that exist in the foreign markets in which it
invests.
Distributions are recorded on the ex dividend date. Income and
capital gain distribu tions are determined in accordance with income tax
regulations, which may differ from generally accepted accounting
principles.
Capital accounts within the financial statements are adjusted for
permanent book tax differences. These adjustments have no impact on net assets
or the results of operations. Temporary book tax differences will reverse in a
subsequent period.
Book tax differences are primarily due to foreign currency
transactions, deferred trustees compensation, net operating losses, capital loss
carryforwards and losses deferred due to wash sales.
The tax basis components of distributable earnings and the federal
tax cost as of period end were as follows:


Unrealized appreciation  
  
$  
  
875,292  

Unrealized depreciation  
  
  
  
(33,760)  

Net
  unrealized appreciation (depreciation)  
  
  
  
841,532  

Capital loss carryforward  
  
  
  
(26,063)  

  

Cost for federal income tax purposes  
  
$  
  
2,663,073 
  
The tax character of distributions paid was as follows:


  
  
  
  
November 30, 2005  
  
  
  
November 30, 2004  

Ordinary Income  
  
$ 
  
  
—  
  
$ 
  
  
1,201 

2. Operating Policies.
Repurchase Agreements. FMR has received an Exemptive Order from the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) which permits the fund and other
affiliated entities of FMR to transfer uninvested cash balances into joint
trading accounts which are then invested in repurchase agreements. The fund may
also invest directly with institutions in repurchase agreements. Repurchase
agreements are collateralized by government or non government securities.
Collateral is held in segregated accounts with custodian banks and may be
obtained in the event of a default of the counterparty. The fund monitors, on a
daily basis, the value of the collateral to ensure it is at least equal to the
principal amount of the repurchase agreement (including accrued interest). In
the event of a default by the counterparty, realization of the collateral
proceeds could be delayed, during which time the value of the collateral may
decline.
27 Annual Report


Notes to Financial Statements  continued

(Amounts in thousands except ratios)

2. Operating Policies  continued

Restricted Securities. The fund may invest in securities that are subject to legal or contractual
restrictions on resale. These securities generally may be resold in transac tions exempt from registration or to the public if the securities are registered. Disposal of these securities may involve time consuming negotiations and expense, and
prompt sale at an acceptable price may be difficult. Information regarding restricted securities is included at the end of the fund’s Schedule of Investments.

3. Purchases and Sales of Investments.

Purchases and sales of securities, other than short term securities and U.S. government securities, aggregated $3,874,150 and $4,267,710, respectively.

4. Fees and Other Transactions with Affiliates.

Management Fee. FMR and its affiliates provide the fund with investment manage ment related services for
which the fund pays a monthly management fee. The manage ment fee is the sum of an individual fund fee rate that is based on an annual rate of .35% of the fund’s average net assets and a group fee rate that averaged .27% during the period. The
group fee rate is based upon the average net assets of all the mutual funds advised by FMR. The group fee rate decreases as assets under management increase and increases as assets under management decrease. In addition, the management fee is
subject to a performance adjustment (up to a maximum of ±.20% of the fund’s average net assets
over a 36 month performance period). The upward or downward adjustment to the management fee is based on the fund’s relative investment performance as compared to an appropriate benchmark index. For the period, the total annual management fee
rate, including the performance adjustment, was .63% of the fund’s average net assets.

Transfer Agent Fees. Fidelity Service Company, Inc. (FSC), an affiliate of FMR, is the fund’s
transfer, dividend disbursing and shareholder servicing agent. FSC receives account fees and asset based fees that vary according to account size and type of ac count. FSC pays for typesetting, printing and mailing of shareholder reports, except
proxy statements. For the period, the transfer agent fees were equivalent to an annual rate of .19% of average net assets.

Accounting and Security Lending Fees. FSC maintains the fund’s accounting records. The accounting fee
is based on the level of average net assets for the month. Under a separate contract, FSC administers the security lending program. The security lending fee is based on the number and duration of lending transactions.

Affiliated Central Funds. The fund may invest in Money Market Central Funds which seek preservation of
capital and current income and are managed by Fidelity Invest ments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM), an affiliate of FMR.


Annual Report



28




4. Fees and Other Transactions with
  Affiliates  continued 
  

Affiliated Central Funds continued  
  
 

The Money Market Central Funds do not pay a management
fee.
Brokerage Commissions. The fund placed a portion of its portfolio
transactions with brokerage firms which are affiliates of the investment
adviser. The commissions paid to these affiliated firms were $181 for the
period.



5. Committed Line of
Credit.
The fund participates with other funds managed by FMR in a $4.2
billion credit facility (the “line of credit”) to be utilized for temporary or
emergency purposes to fund share holder redemptions or for other short term
liquidity purposes. The fund has agreed to pay commitment fees on its pro rata
portion of the line of credit. During the period, there were no borrowings on
this line of credit.



6. Security Lending.
The fund lends portfolio securities from time to time in order to
earn additional income. The fund receives collateral (in the form of U.S.
Treasury obligations, letters of credit and/or cash) against the loaned
securities and maintains collateral in an amount not less than 100% of the
market value of the loaned securities during the period of the loan. The market
value of the loaned securities is determined at the close of business of the
fund and any additional required collateral is delivered to the fund on the next
business day. If the borrower defaults on its obligation to return the
securities loaned because of insol vency or other reasons, a fund could
experience delays and costs in recovering the securities loaned or in gaining
access to the collateral. Cash collateral is invested in the Fidelity Securities
Lending Cash Central Fund. The value of loaned securities and cash collateral at
period end are disclosed on the fund’s Statement of Assets and Liabilities.
Security lending income represents the income earned on investing cash
collateral, less fees and expenses associated with the loan, plus any premium
payments that may be received on the loan of certain types of
securities.



7. Expense Reductions.
Many of the brokers with whom FMR places trades on behalf of the
fund provided services to the fund in addition to trade execution. These
services included payments of certain expenses on behalf of the fund totaling
$1,893 for the period. In addition, through arrangements with the fund’s
custodian and transfer agent, credits realized as a result of uninvested cash
balances were used to reduce the fund’s expenses. During the period, these
credits reduced the fund’s custody and transfer agent expenses by $7 and $36,
respectively.
29 Annual Report



Notes to Financial Statements 
  continued  

(Amounts in thousands except ratios) 
  
  
  

  

8.
  Other.  
  
 

The fund’s organizational documents provide former and current
trustees and officers with a limited indemnification against liabilities arising
in connection with the performance of their duties to the fund. In the normal
course of business, the fund may also enter into contracts that provide general
indemnifications. The fund’s maximum exposure under these arrangements is
unknown as this would be dependent on future claims that may be made against the
fund. The risk of material loss from such claims is considered
remote.



Annual Report



30

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm
To
the Trustees of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust and the Shareholders of
Fidelity New Millennium Fund:
In
our opinion, the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities, including the
sched ule of investments, and the related statements of operations and of
changes in net assets and the financial highlights present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Fidelity New Millennium Fund (a
fund of Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust) at November 30, 2005 and the results
of its operations, the changes in its net assets and the financial highlights
for the periods indicated, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements and
financial highlights (hereafter referred to as “financial statements”) are the
responsibility of the Fidelity New Millennium Fund’s management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting prin ciples used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits, which included confirmation of securities at November 30, 2005 by
correspondence with the custodian and brokers, provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.



/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLPPricewaterhouseCoopers LLPBoston,
  MassachusettsJanuary 13, 2006
31 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers
The Trustees, Members of the Advisory Board, and executive officers
of the trust and fund, as applicable, are listed below. The Board of Trustees
governs the fund and is responsible for protecting the interests of
shareholders. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet periodically
throughout the year to oversee the fund’s activities, review contractual
arrangements with companies that provide services to the fund, and review the
fund’s performance. Except for William O. McCoy and Albert R. Gamper, Jr., each
of the Trustees oversees 326 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. McCoy
oversees 328 funds advised by FMR or an affiliate. Mr. Gamper oversees 235 funds
advised by FMR or an affiliate.
The Trustees hold office without limit in time except that (a) any
Trustee may resign; (b) any Trustee may be removed by written instrument, signed
by at least two thirds of the number of Trustees prior to such removal; (c) any
Trustee who requests to be retired or who has become incapacitated by illness or
injury may be retired by written instru ment signed by a majority of the other
Trustees; and (d) any Trustee may be removed at any special meeting of
shareholders by a two thirds vote of the outstanding voting securities of the
trust. Each Trustee who is not an interested person (as defined in the 1940 Act)
(Independent Trustee), shall retire not later than the last day of the calendar
year in which his or her 72nd birthday occurs. The Independent Trustees may
waive this mandatory retirement age policy with respect to individual Trustees.
The executive officers and Advisory Board Member hold office without limit in
time, except that any officer and Advisory Board Member may resign or may be
removed by a vote of a majority of the Trustees at any regular meeting or any
special meeting of the Trustees. Except as indicated, each individual has held
the office shown or other offices in the same company for the past five
years.
The fund’s Statement of Additional Information (SAI) includes more
information about the Trustees. To request a free copy, call Fidelity at
1-800-544-8544.



Interested Trustees*:
Correspondence intended for each Trustee who is an interested
person may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationEdward C.
  Johnson 3d (75)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1982
Mr. Johnson is Chairman of the Board of Trustees. Mr. Johnson
serves as Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and a Director of FMR Corp.; a Di
rector and Chairman of the Board and of the Executive Committee of FMR; Chairman
and a Director of Fidelity Management & Research (Far East) Inc.; Chairman
and a Director of Fidelity Investments Money Man agement, Inc.; and Chairman
(2001 present) and a Director (2000 present) of FMR Co., Inc.



Annual Report



32




 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationStephen P.
  Jonas (52)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Mr. Jonas is Senior Vice President of New Millennium. He also
serves as Senior Vice President of other Fidelity funds (2005 present). Mr.
Jonas is Executive Director of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Jonas served
as President of Fidelity Enterprise Operations and Risk Services (2004 2005),
Chief Administrative Officer (2002 2004), and Chief Financial Officer of FMR Co.
(1998 2000). Mr. Jonas has been with Fidelity Investments since 1987 and has
held various financial and man agement positions including Chief Financial
Officer of FMR. In addition, he serves on the Boards of Boston Ballet (2003
present) and Simmons College (2003 present).



 
Robert L. Reynolds (53)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Mr. Reynolds is a Director (2003 present) and Chief Operating
Officer (2002 present) of FMR Corp. He also serves on the Board at Fidelity
Investments Canada, Ltd. (2000 present). Previously, Mr. Reynolds served as
President of Fidelity Investments Institutional Retirement Group (1996
2000).
*
Trustees have been determined to be “Interested Trustees” by virtue of, among
other things, their affiliation with the trust or various entities under common
control with FMR.
33 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued
Independent Trustees:
Correspondence intended for each Independent Trustee (that is, the
Trustees other than the Interested Trustees) may be sent to Fidelity
Investments, P.O. Box 55235, Boston, Massachusetts 02205 5235.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationDennis J.
  Dirks (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in May 2003, Mr. Dirks was Chief Operating
Officer and a member of the Board of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation (DTCC) (1999 2003). He also served as President, Chief Operating
Officer, and Board member of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) (1999 2003) and
President and Board member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation
(NSCC) (1999 2003). In addi tion, Mr. Dirks served as Chief Executive Officer
and Board member of the Government Securities Clearing Corporation (2001 2003)
and Chief Executive Officer and Board member of the Mortgage Backed Securities
Clearing Corporation (2001 2003). Mr. Dirks also serves as a Trustee of
Manhattan College (2005 present).



 
Albert R. Gamper, Jr. (63)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2006
Mr. Gamper also serves as a Trustee (2006 present) or Member of the
Advisory Board (2005 present) of other investment companies advised by FMR.
Prior to his retirement in December 2004, Mr. Gamper served as Chairman of the
Board of CIT Group Inc. (commercial finance). During his tenure with CIT Group
Inc. Mr. Gamper served in numerous senior management positions, including
Chairman (1987 1989; 1999 2001; 2002 2004), Chief Executive Officer (1987 2004),
and President (1989 2002). He currently serves as a member of the Board of
Directors of Public Service Enterprise Group (utilities, 2001 present), Chairman
of the Board of Governors, Rutgers University (2004 present), and Chairman of
the Board of Saint Barnabas Health Care System.



Annual Report



34




Name, Age; Principal OccupationRobert M.
  Gates (62)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Dr. Gates is Chairman of the Independent Trustees (2006 present).
Dr. Gates is President of Texas A&M University (2002 present). He was
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) from 1991 to 1993. From 1989
to 1991, Dr. Gates served as Assistant to the President of the United States and
Deputy National Security Advisor. Dr. Gates is a Director of NACCO Industries,
Inc. (mining and manufacturing), Parker Drilling Co., Inc. (drilling and rental
tools for the energy industry, 2001 present), and Brinker International
(restaurant management, 2003 present). Previously, Dr. Gates served as a
Director of LucasVarity PLC (automotive components and diesel engines), a
Director of TRW Inc. (automotive, space, defense, and information technology),
and Dean of the George Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas
A&M University (1999 2001). Dr. Gates also is a Trustee of the Forum for
International Policy.



George H. Heilmeier (69)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Dr. Heilmeier is Chairman Emeritus of Telcordia Technologies (commu
nication software and systems), where prior to his retirement, he served as
company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He currently serves on the Boards
of Directors of The Mitre Corporation (systems engineer ing and information
technology support for the government), and HRL Laboratories (private research
and development, 2004 present). He is Chairman of the General Motors Science
& Technology Advisory Board and a Life Fellow of the Institute of Electrical
and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) (2000 present). Dr. Heilmeier is a member of
the Defense Science Board and the National Security Agency Advisory Board. He is
also a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the American Academy of
Arts and Sciences, and the Board of Overseers of the School of Engineering and
Applied Science of the University of Pennsyl vania. Previously, Dr. Heilmeier
served as a Director of TRW Inc. (auto motive, space, defense, and information
technology, 1992 2002), Compaq (1994 2002), Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
(ADP) (technology based business outsourcing, 1995 2002), INET Technolo gies
Inc. (telecommunications network surveillance, 2001 2004), and Teletech Holdings
(customer management services). He is the recipient of the 2005 Kyoto Prize in
Advanced Technology for his invention of the liquid display.
35 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationMarie L.
  Knowles (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2001
Prior to Ms. Knowles’ retirement in June 2000, she served as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atlantic Richfield
Company (ARCO) (diversified energy, 1996 2000). From 1993 to 1996, she was a
Senior Vice President of ARCO and President of ARCO Transportation Company. She
served as a Director of ARCO from 1996 to 1998. She currently serves as a
Director of Phelps Dodge Corporation (copper mining and manufacturing) and
McKesson Corporation (healthcare ser vice, 2002 present). Ms. Knowles is a
Trustee of the Brookings Institution and the Catalina Island Conservancy and
also serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the School of Engineering of
the University of Southern California.



 
Ned C. Lautenbach (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2000
Mr. Lautenbach has been a partner of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice,
Inc. (private equity investment firm) since September 1998. Previously, Mr.
Lautenbach was with the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) from
1968 until his retirement in 1998. Mr. Lautenbach serves as a Director of
Italtel Holding S.p.A. (telecommunications (Milan, Italy), 2004 present) and
Eaton Corporation (diversified industrial) as well as the Philharmonic Center
for the Arts in Naples, Florida. He also is a member of the Board of Trustees of
Fairfield University (2005 present), as well as a member of the Council on
Foreign Relations.



 
William O. McCoy (72)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1997
Prior to his retirement in December 1994, Mr. McCoy was Vice Chair
man of the Board of BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications) and President of
BellSouth Enterprises. He is currently a Director of Liberty Corporation
(holding company), Duke Realty Corporation (real estate), and Progress Energy,
Inc. (electric utility). He is also a partner of Frank lin Street Partners
(private investment management firm) and a member of the Research Triangle
Foundation Board. In addition, Mr. McCoy served as the Interim Chancellor (1999
2000) and a member of the Board of Visitors for the University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the University
of North Carolina Health Care System and the Board of Visitors of the Kenan
Flagler Business School (University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). He also
served as Vice President of Finance for the University of North Car olina (16
school system).



Annual Report



36




Name, Age; Principal OccupationCornelia M.
  Small (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Ms. Small is a member (2000 present) and Chairperson (2002 present)
of the Investment Committee, and a member (2002 present) of the Board of
Trustees of Smith College. Previously, she served as Chief In vestment Officer
(1999 2000), Director of Global Equity Investments (1996 1999), and a member of
the Board of Directors of Scudder, Stevens & Clark (1990 1997) and Scudder
Kemper Investments (1997 1998). In addition, Ms. Small served as Co Chair (2000
2003) of the Annual Fund for the Fletcher School of Law and
Diplomacy.



William S. Stavropoulos
(66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Mr. Stavropoulos is Chairman of the Board (2000 present) and a Mem
ber of the Board of Directors of The Dow Chemical Company. Since joining The Dow
Chemical Company in 1967, Mr. Stavropoulos served in numerous senior management
positions, including President (1993 2000; 2002 2003), CEO (1995 2000; 2002
2004), and Chair man of the Executive Committee (2000 2004). Currently, he is a
Direc tor of NCR Corporation (data warehousing and technology solutions),
BellSouth Corporation (telecommunications), Chemical Financial Corpo ration,
Maersk Inc. (industrial conglomerate, 2002 present), and Metal mark Capital
(private equity investment firm, 2005 present). He also serves as a member of
the Board of Trustees of the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy
Research. In addition, Mr. Stavropoulos is a member of The Business Council,
J.P. Morgan International Council and the University of Notre Dame Advisory
Council for the College of Science.



Kenneth L. Wolfe (66)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Prior to his retirement in 2001, Mr. Wolfe was Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Hershey Foods Corporation (1993 2001). He cur rently serves
as a member of the boards of Adelphia Communications Corporation (2003 present),
Bausch & Lomb, Inc., and Revlon Inc. (2004 present).
37 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued
Advisory Board Member and Executive Officers:
Correspondence intended for each executive officer and Mr. Lynch
may be sent to Fidelity Investments, 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts
02109.



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter S.
  Lynch (61)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Member of the Advisory Board of Mt.Vernon Street Trust. Vice Chair
man and a Director of FMR, and Vice Chairman (2001 present) and a Director (2000
present) of FMR Co., Inc. Previously, Mr. Lynch served as a Trustee of the
Fidelity funds (1990 2003). In addition, he serves as a Trustee of Boston
College, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Historic Deerfield, John F.
Kennedy Library, and the Museum of Fine Arts of Boston.



 
Dwight D. Churchill (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Vice President of New Millennium. Mr. Churchill also serves as Vice
President of certain Equity Funds (2005 present) and certain High In come Funds
(2005 present). Previously, he served as Head of Fidelity’s Fixed Income
Division (2000 2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Money Market Funds (2000
2005), Vice President of Fidelity’s Bond Funds, and Senior Vice President of
FIMM (2000) and FMR. Mr. Churchill joined Fidelity in 1993 as Vice President and
Group Leader of Taxable Fixed Income Investments.



 
Neal P. Miller (62)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1994
Vice President of New Millennium. Mr. Miller also serves as Vice
Presi dent of FMR and FMR Co., Inc. (2001).



 
Eric D. Roiter (57)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1998
Secretary of New Millennium. He also serves as Secretary of other
Fidelity funds; Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary of FMR Co., Inc.
(2001 present) and FMR; Assistant Secretary of Fidelity Man agement &
Research (U.K.) Inc. (2001 present), Fidelity Management & Research (Far
East) Inc. (2001 present), and Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (2001
present). Mr. Roiter is an Adjunct Member, Faculty of Law, at Boston College Law
School (2003 present). Previously, Mr. Roiter served as Vice President and
Secretary of Fidelity Distributors Corporation (FDC) (1998 2005).



Annual Report



38




Name, Age; Principal
Occupation



Stuart Fross (46)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Assistant Secretary of New Millennium. Mr. Fross also serves as
Assis tant Secretary of other Fidelity funds (2003 present), Vice President and
Secretary of FDC (2005 present), and is an employee of FMR.



Christine Reynolds (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
President, Treasurer, and Anti Money Laundering (AML) officer of
New Millennium. Ms. Reynolds also serves as President, Treasurer, and AML
officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is a Vice President (2003) and an
employee (2002) of FMR. Before joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Reynolds worked
at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) (1980 2002), where she was most recently an
audit partner with PwC’s investment management practice.



Paul M. Murphy (58)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Chief Financial Officer of New Millennium. Mr. Murphy also serves
as Chief Financial Officer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present). He also
serves as Senior Vice President of Fidelity Pricing and Cash Manage ment
Services Group (FPCMS).



Kenneth A. Rathgeber (58)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Chief Compliance Officer of New Millennium. Mr. Rathgeber also
serves as Chief Compliance Officer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and Execu tive
Vice President of Risk Oversight for Fidelity Investments (2002). Pre viously,
he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Fidelity
Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc. (1998 2002).



John R. Hebble (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2003
Deputy Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Hebble also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2003), and is an employee of FMR.
Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Hebble worked at Deutsche Asset
Management where he served as Director of Fund Accounting (2002 2003) and
Assistant Treasurer of the Scudder Funds (1998 2003).
39 Annual Report

Trustees and Officers - continued



 
Name, Age; Principal OccupationBryan A.
  Mehrmann (44)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Mehrmann also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em ployee of
FMR. Previously, Mr. Mehrmann served as Vice President of Fidelity Investments
Institutional Services Group (FIIS)/Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Corporation, Inc. (FIIOC) Client Services (1998 2004).



 
Kimberley H. Monasterio
(41)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Deputy Treasurer of New Millennium. Ms. Monasterio also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of FMR
(2004). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Ms. Monasterio served as Treasurer
(2000 2004) and Chief Financial Officer (2002 2004) of the Franklin Templeton
Funds and Senior Vice President of Franklin Tem pleton Services, LLC (2000
2004).



 
Kenneth B. Robins (36)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Deputy Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Robins also serves as
Deputy Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee of
FMR (2004 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Robins worked at
KPMG LLP, where he was a partner in KPMG’s department of professional practice
(2002 2004) and a Senior Manager (1999 2000). In addition, Mr. Robins served as
Assistant Chief Accoun tant, United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(2000 2002).



 
Robert G. Byrnes (38)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Byrnes also serves as
Assis tant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee
of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Byrnes served as Vice President of FPCMS
(2003 2005). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Byrnes worked at Deutsche
Asset Management where he served as Vice Presi dent of the Investment Operations
Group (2000 2003).



 
John H. Costello (59)
Year of Election or Appointment: 1986
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Costello also serves as
As sistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds and is an employee of
FMR.



Annual Report



40




Name, Age; Principal OccupationPeter L.
  Lydecker (51)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2004
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Lydecker also serves as
As sistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2004) and is an employee of
FMR.



Mark Osterheld (50)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2002
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Osterheld also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2002) and is an employee of
FMR.



Gary W. Ryan (47)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Ryan also serves as
Assis tant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an employee
of FMR (2005 present). Previously, Mr. Ryan served as Vice President of Fund
Reporting in FPCMS (1999 2005).



Salvatore Schiavone (40)
Year of Election or Appointment: 2005
Assistant Treasurer of New Millennium. Mr. Schiavone also serves as
Assistant Treasurer of other Fidelity funds (2005 present) and is an em ployee
of FMR (2005 present). Before joining Fidelity Investments, Mr. Schiavone worked
at Deutsche Asset Management, where he most re cently served as Assistant
Treasurer (2003 2005) of the Scudder Funds and Vice President and Head of Fund
Reporting (1996 2003).
41 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees

Fidelity New Millennium Fund

Each year, typically in July, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees (together, the Board), votes on the renewal of the management contract and sub advisory
agreements (together, the Advisory Contracts) for the fund. The Board, assisted by the advice of fund counsel and independent Trustees’ counsel, requests and considers a broad range of information throughout the year.

The Board meets regularly each month except August and takes into account throughout the year matters bearing on Advisory Contracts. The Board, acting directly and through its separate
committees, considers at each of its meetings factors that are relevant to the annual renewal of the fund’s Advisory Contracts, including the services and support provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity. At the time of the
renewal, the Board had 11 standing committees, each composed of independent Trustees with varying backgrounds, to which the Board has assigned specific subject matter responsibilities in order to enhance effective decision making by the Board. Each
committee has adopted a written charter outlining the structure and purposes of the committee. One such com mittee, the Equity Contract Committee, meets periodically during the first six months of each year and as necessary to consider matters
specifically related to the annual renewal of Advisory Contracts. The committee requests and receives information on, and makes recommendations to the independent Trustees concerning, the approval and annual review of the Advisory
Contracts.

At its July 2005 meeting, the Board of Trustees, including the independent Trustees, unanimously determined to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund. In reaching its determination,
the Board considered all factors it believed relevant, including (1) the nature, extent, and quality of the services to be provided to the fund and its shareholders by Fidelity (including the investment performance of the fund); (2) the
competitiveness of the management fee and total expenses of the fund; (3) the total costs of the services to be provided by and the profits to be realized by the investment adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the fund; (4) the
extent to which economies of scale would be realized as the fund grows; and (5) whether fee levels reflect these economies of scale, if any, for the benefit of fund shareholders.

In determining whether to renew the Advisory Contracts for the fund, the Board ulti mately reached a determination, with the assistance of fund counsel and independent Trustees’
counsel, that the renewal of the Advisory Contracts and the compensation to be received by Fidelity under the management contract is consistent with Fidelity’s fidu ciary duty under applicable law. In addition to evaluating the specific factors
noted above, the Board, in reaching its determination, is aware that shareholders in the fund have a broad range of investment choices available to them, including a wide choice among mutual funds offered by competitors to Fidelity, and that the
fund’s shareholders, with the opportunity to review and weigh the disclosure provided by the fund in its


Annual Report



42



prospectus and other public disclosures, have chosen to invest in this fund, managed by Fidelity.

Nature, Extent, and Quality of Services Provided by Fidelity. The Board consid ered staffing within the
investment adviser, FMR, and the sub advisers (together, the Investment Advisers), including the background of the fund’s portfolio manager and the fund’s investment objective and discipline. The independent Trustees also had discus sions
with senior management of Fidelity’s investment operations and investment groups. The Board considered the structure of the portfolio manager compensation program and whether this structure provides appropriate incentives.

Fidelity Resources Dedicated to Investment Management and Support Services. The Board reviewed the size, education, and experience of the Investment Advisers’ invest ment staff,
their use of technology, and the Investment Advisers’ approach to recruiting, training, and retaining portfolio managers and other research, advisory, and manage ment personnel. The Board considered Fidelity’s extensive global research
capabilities that enable the Investment Advisers to aggregate data from various sources in an effort to produce positive investment results. The Board noted that Fidelity’s analysts have access to a variety of technological tools that enable
them to perform both fundamental and quantitative analysis and to specialize in various disciplines. The Board also considered that Fidelity’s portfolio managers and analysts have access to daily portfolio attribution that allows for monitoring
of a fund’s portfolio, as well as an electronic communication system that provides immediate real time access to research concerning issuers and credit enhancers.

Shareholder and Administrative Services. The Board considered the nature, extent, quality, and cost of administrative, distribution, and shareholder services performed by the Investment
Advisers and their affiliates under the Advisory Contracts and under separate agreements covering transfer agency, pricing and bookkeeping, and securities lending services for the fund. The Board also considered the nature and extent of the
Investment Advisers’ supervision of third party service providers, principally custodians and subcustodians. The Board reviewed the allocation of fund brokerage, including allocations to brokers affiliated with the Investment Advisers, the use
of brokerage commissions to pay fund expenses, and the use of “soft” commission dollars to pay for research services. The Board also considered that Fidelity voluntarily decided in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to
pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources. The Board also considered the resources devoted to, and the record of compliance with, the fund’s compliance policies and procedures.

The Board noted that the growth of fund assets across the complex allows Fidelity to reinvest in the development of services designed to enhance the value or convenience of the Fidelity
funds as investment vehicles. These services include 24 hour access to

43 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

account information and market information through phone representatives and over the Internet, and investor education materials and asset allocation tools.

Investment in a Large Fund Family. The Board considered the benefits to shareholders of investing in a Fidelity fund, including the benefits of investing in a fund that is part of a
large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and providing for a large variety of mutual fund investor services. For example, fund shareholders are offered the privilege of exchanging shares of the fund for shares of other
Fidelity funds, as set forth in the fund’s prospectus, without paying a sales charge. The Board noted that, since the last Advisory Contract renewals in July 2004, Fidelity has taken a number of actions that benefited particular funds,
including (i) voluntarily deciding in 2004 to stop using “soft” commission dollars to pay for market data and, instead, to pay for that data out of its own resources, (ii) contractually agreeing to impose management fee reductions and
expense limitations on its five Spartan stock index funds and its stock index fund available through variable insurance products, (iii) contractually agreeing to eliminate the management fees on the Fidelity Freedom Funds and the Fidelity Advisor
Freedom Funds, (iv) contractually agreeing to reduce the management fees on most of its investment grade taxable bond funds, and (v) contractually agreeing to impose expense limitations on its retail and Spartan investment grade taxable bond
funds.

Investment Performance and Compliance. The Board considered whether the fund has operated within its investment objective, as well as its record of compliance with its investment
restrictions. It also reviewed the fund’s absolute investment performance, as well as the fund’s relative investment performance measured against (i) a broad based securities market index, and (ii) a peer group of mutual funds deemed
appropriate by the Board over multiple periods. The following charts considered by the Board show, over the one , three , and five year periods ended December 31, 2004, the fund’s returns, the returns of a broad based securities market index
(“benchmark”), and a range of returns of a peer group of mutual funds identified by Lipper Inc. as having an investment objec tive similar to that of the fund. The box within each chart shows the 25th percentile return (bottom of box) and
the 75th percentile return (top of box) of the Lipper peer group. Returns shown above the box are in the first quartile and returns shown below the box are in the fourth quartile. The percentage beaten number noted below each chart corresponds to
the percentile box and represents the percentage of funds in the Lipper peer group whose performance was equal to or lower than that of the fund.


Annual Report



44





The Board reviewed the fund’s relative investment performance against its Lipper peer group and stated that the performance of the fund was in the fourth quartile for the one year
period and the second quartile for the three and five year periods.The Board also stated that the relative investment performance of the fund was lower than its benchmark for certain periods, although the three year cumulative total return of the
fund compared favorably to its benchmark.

The Board also considered that the fund’s management fee is subject to upward or downward adjustment depending upon whether, and to what extent, the fund’s invest ment
performance for the performance period exceeds, or is exceeded by, the record (over the same period) of a Board approved performance adjustment index. The Board realizes that the performance adjustment provides FMR with a strong economic incen tive
to seek to achieve superior performance for the fund’s shareholders and helps to more closely align the interests of FMR and the fund’s shareholders.

The Board has had thorough discussions with FMR throughout the year about the Board’s and FMR’s concerns about equity research, equity fund performance, and compliance with
internal policies governing gifts and entertainment. FMR has taken steps that it believes will refocus and strengthen equity research and equity portfolio management and compliance. The Board noted with favor FMR’s recent reorganization of its
senior management team and FMR’s plans to dedicate additional resources to investment research, and participated in the process that led to those changes.

Based on its review, and giving particular weight to the nature and quality of the resources dedicated by the Investment Advisers to maintain and improve relative performance, the Board
concluded that the nature, extent, and quality of the services

45 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

provided by Fidelity will benefit the fund’s shareholders, particularly in light of the Board’s view that the fund’s shareholders benefit from investing in a fund that is
part of a large family of funds offering a variety of investment disciplines and services.

Competitiveness of Management Fee and Total Fund Expenses. The Board considered the fund’s management
fee and total expenses compared to “mapped groups” of competitive funds and classes. Fidelity creates “mapped groups” by combining similar Lipper investment objective categories that have comparable management fee charac
teristics. Combining Lipper investment objective categories aids the Board’s manage ment fee and total expense comparisons by broadening the competitive group used for comparison and by reducing the number of universes to which various Fidelity
funds are compared.

The Board considered two proprietary management fee comparisons for the 12 month periods shown in the chart below. The group of Lipper funds used by the Board for management fee
comparisons is referred to below as the “Total Mapped Group” and, for the reasons explained above, is broader than the Lipper peer group used by the Board for performance comparisons. The Total Mapped Group comparison focuses on a
fund’s standing relative to the total universe of comparable funds available to investors, in terms of gross management fees before expense reimbursements or caps. “TMG %” represents the percentage of funds in the Total Mapped Group
that had management fees that were lower than the fund’s. For example, a TMG % of 22% means that 78% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group had higher management fees than the fund. The “Asset Size Peer Group” (ASPG) comparison
focuses on a fund’s standing relative to non Fidelity funds similar in size to the fund within the Total Mapped Group. The ASPG represents at least 15% of the funds in the Total Mapped Group with comparable asset size and management fee
characteristics, subject to a minimum of 50 funds (or all funds in the Total Mapped Group if fewer than 50). Additional information, such as the ASPG quartile (“quadrant”) in which the fund’s management fee ranked and the impact of
the fund’s performance adjustment, is also included in the chart and considered by the Board.


Annual Report



46






The Board noted that the fund’s management fee ranked below the median of its Total Mapped Group and below the median of its ASPG for 2004. The Board also noted the effect of the
fund’s positive performance adjustment on the fund’s management fee ranking.

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s management fee was fair and reasonable in light of the services that the fund receives and the other factors
considered.

In its review of the fund’s total expenses, the Board considered the fund’s management fee as well as other fund expenses, such as transfer agent fees, pricing and bookkeeping
fees, and custodial, legal, and audit fees. The Board also noted the effects of any waivers and reimbursements on fees and expenses, as well as the fund’s positive performance adjustment. As part of its review, the Board also considered current
and historical total expenses of the fund compared to competitive fund median expenses. The fund is compared to those funds and classes in the Total Mapped Group (used by the Board for management fee comparisons) that have a similar sales load
structure.

The Board noted that the fund’s total expenses ranked below its competitive median for 2004.

In its review of total expenses, the Board also considered Fidelity fee structures and other information on clients that FMR and its affiliates service in other competitive markets,
such as other mutual funds advised or subadvised by FMR or its affiliates, pension plan clients, and other institutional clients.

47 Annual Report


Board Approval of Investment Advisory Contracts and Management Fees  continued

Based on its review, the Board concluded that the fund’s total expenses were reasonable in light of the services that the fund and its shareholders receive and the other factors
considered.

Costs of the Services and Profitability. The Board considered the revenues earned and the expenses incurred
by Fidelity in conducting the business of developing, market ing, distributing, managing, administering and servicing the fund and its shareholders. The Board also considered the level of Fidelity’s profits in respect of all the Fidelity
funds.

On an annual basis, FMR presents to the Board Fidelity’s profitability for the fund. Fidelity calculates the profitability for each fund, as well as aggregate profitability for
groups of Fidelity funds and all Fidelity funds, using a series of detailed revenue and cost allocation methodologies which originate with the audited books and records of Fidelity. The Audit Committee of the Board reviews any significant changes
from the prior year’s methodologies.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), independent registered accounting firm and auditor to Fidelity and certain Fidelity funds, has been engaged annually by the Board as part of the
Board’s assessment of the results of Fidelity’s profitability analysis. PwC’s engagement includes the review and assessment of Fidelity’s methodologies used in determining the revenues and expenses attributable to Fidelity’s
mutual fund business, and completion of agreed upon procedures surrounding the mathematical accuracy of fund profitability and its conformity to allocation methodologies. After considering PwC’s reports issued under the engagement and
information provided by Fidelity, the Board believes that while other allocation methods may also be reasonable, Fidelity’s profitabil ity methodologies are reasonable in all material respects.

The Board has also reviewed Fidelity’s non fund businesses and any fall out benefits related to the mutual fund business as well as cases where Fidelity’s affiliates may
benefit from or be related to the fund’s business. In addition, a special committee of the Board reviewed services provided to Fidelity by its affiliates and determined that the fees that Fidelity paid for such services were
reasonable.

The Board considered the costs of the services provided by and the profits realized by Fidelity in connection with the operation of the fund and determined that the amount of profit is
a fair entrepreneurial profit for the management of the fund.

Economies of Scale. The Board considered whether there have been economies of scale in respect of the
management of the Fidelity funds, whether the Fidelity funds (including the fund) have appropriately benefited from any such economies of scale, and whether there is potential for realization of any further economies of scale. The Board considered
the extent to which the fund will benefit from economies of scale through increased services to the fund, through waivers or reimbursements, or through fee or


Annual Report



48



expense reductions, including reductions that occur through operation of the transfer agent agreement. The transfer agent fee varies in part based on the number of accounts in the fund.
If the number of accounts decreases or the average account size increases, the overall transfer agent fee rate decreases.

The Board recognized that the fund’s management contract incorporates a “group fee” structure, which provides for lower fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s
manage ment increase, and for higher fee rates as total fund assets under FMR’s management decrease. The Board considered that the group fee is designed to deliver the benefits of economies of scale to fund shareholders when total fund assets
increase, even if assets of any particular fund are unchanged or have declined, because some portion of Fidelity’s costs are attributable to services provided to all Fidelity funds, and all funds benefit if those costs can be allocated among
more assets. The Board also considered that although the fund is partially closed to new investors, it continues to incur investment manage ment expenses, and marketing and distribution expenses related to the retention of existing shareholders and
assets. The Board further noted that the fund may continue to realize benefits from the group fee structure, even though assets may not be expected to grow significantly at the fund level. The Board concluded that, given the group fee structure,
fund shareholders will achieve a certain level of economies of scale as assets under FMR’s management increase at the fund complex level, regardless of whether Fidelity achieves any such economies of scale.

The Board further concluded that any potential economies of scale are being shared between fund shareholders and Fidelity in an appropriate manner.

Additional Information Requested by the Board. In order to develop fully the factual basis for
consideration of the Advisory Contracts, the Board requested additional information regarding (i) equity fund transfer agency fees; (ii) Fidelity’s fund profitability methodology and the impact of various changes in the methodology over time;
(iii) benefits to shareholders from economies of scale; (iv) composition and characteristics of various fund and industry data used in comparisons; (v) compensation of portfolio managers and research analysts; and (vi) the impact of partially
closing the fund to new investors.

Based on its evaluation of all of the conclusions noted above, and after considering all material factors, the Board ultimately concluded that the existing advisory fee structures are
fair and reasonable, and that the fund’s existing Advisory Contracts should be renewed.

49 Annual Report


Managing Your Investments

Fidelity offers several ways to conveniently manage your personal investments via your telephone or PC. You can access your account information, conduct trades and research your
investments 24 hours a day.

By Phone

Fidelity Automated Service Telephone provides a single toll free number to access account balances, positions, quotes and trading. It’s easy to navigate the service, and on your
first call, the system will help you create a personal identification number (PIN) for security.





By PC

Fidelity’s web site on the Internet provides a wide range of information, including daily financial news, fund performance, interactive planning tools and news about Fidelity
products and services.



* When you call the quotes line, please remember that a fund’s yield and return will vary and, except for
money market funds, share price will also vary. This means that you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. There is no assurance that money market funds will be able to maintain a stable $1 share price; an investment in a money
market fund is not insured or guar anteed by the U.S. government. Total returns are historical and include changes in share price, reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, and the effects of any sales charges.

Annual Report 50

To Write Fidelity
We’ll give your correspondence immediate attention and send you
written confirmation upon completion of your request. 



(such as changing name, address, bank, etc.)Fidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0002 



Buying sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0003Overnight ExpressFidelity
  InvestmentsAttn: Distribution Services100 Crosby Parkway
  KC1HCovington, KY 41015Selling sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0035Overnight ExpressFidelity
  InvestmentsAttn: Distribution Services100 Crosby Parkway
  KC1HCovington, KY 41015General
  CorrespondenceFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 500Merrimack, NH
03054-0500 



 
Buying sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0003Selling sharesFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 770001Cincinnati, OH
45277-0035Overnight ExpressFidelity
  InvestmentsAttn: Distribution Services100 Crosby Parkway
  KC1HCovington, KY 41015General
  CorrespondenceFidelity
  InvestmentsP.O. Box 500Merrimack, NH
03054-0500
51 Annual Report

To Visit Fidelity



For directions and hours,please call
  1-800-544-9797.Arizona7001 West Ray
  RoadChandler, AZ7373 N. Scottsdale RoadScottsdale,
  AZCalifornia815 East Birch StreetBrea,
  CA1411 Chapin AvenueBurlingame, CA851 East
  Hamilton AvenueCampbell, CA19200 Von Karman
  AvenueIrvine, CA601 Larkspur Landing
  CircleLarkspur, CA10100 Santa Monica
  Blvd.Los Angeles, CA27101 Puerta RealMission Viejo,
  CA73 575 El PaseoPalm Desert, CA251 University
  AvenuePalo Alto, CA123 South Lake AvenuePasadena,
  CA16995 Bernardo Ctr. DriveRancho Bernardo,
  CA1740 Arden WaySacramento, CA7676 Hazard
  Center DriveSan Diego, CA8 Montgomery StreetSan Francisco,
  CA3793 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA21701 Hawthorne
  BoulevardTorrance, CA2001 North Main StreetWalnut Creek,
  CA6300 Canoga AvenueWoodland Hills,
  CA



Colorado1625 BroadwayDenver,
  CO9185 East Westview RoadLittleton, COConnecticut48 West Putnam AvenueGreenwich,
  CT265 Church StreetNew Haven, CT300 Atlantic
  StreetStamford, CT29 South Main StreetWest Hartford,
  CTDelaware222 Delaware AvenueWilmington,
  DEFlorida4400 N. Federal HighwayBoca Raton,
  FL121 Alhambra PlazaCoral Gables, FL2948 N. Federal
  HighwayFt. Lauderdale, FL1907 West State Road
  434Longwood, FL8880 Tamiami Trail,
  NorthNaples, FL3550 Tamiami Trail,
  SouthSarasota, FL1502 N. Westshore Blvd.Tampa,
  FL2465 State Road 7Wellington, FL3501 PGA
  BoulevardWest Palm Beach, FLGeorgia3445 Peachtree
  Road, N.E.Atlanta, GA1000 Abernathy RoadAtlanta,
  GAIllinoisOne North LaSalle
  StreetChicago, IL875 North Michigan Ave.Chicago,
  IL1415 West 22nd StreetOak Brook,
IL



1700 East Golf RoadSchaumburg, IL3232 Lake
  AvenueWilmette, ILIndiana4729 East 82nd
  StreetIndianapolis, INKansas5400 College
  BoulevardOverland Park, KSMaineThree Canal
  PlazaPortland, MEMaryland7315 Wisconsin
  AvenueBethesda, MDOne W. Pennsylvania
  Ave.Towson, MDMassachusetts801 Boylston
  StreetBoston, MA155 Congress StreetBoston,
  MA300 Granite StreetBraintree, MA44 Mall
  RoadBurlington, MA405 Cochituate RoadFramingham,
  MA416 Belmont StreetWorcester, MAMichigan500 E. Eisenhower Pkwy.Ann Arbor,
  MI280 Old N. Woodward Ave.Birmingham, MI43420 Grand
  River AvenueNovi, MI29155 Northwestern Hwy.Southfield,
  MIMinnesota7600 France Avenue
  SouthEdina, MNMissouri8885 Ladue
  RoadLadue, MO
Annual Report 52




Nevada2225 Village Walk DriveHenderson,
  NVNew Jersey150 Essex StreetMillburn,
  NJ56 South StreetMorristown, NJ396 Route 17,
  NorthParamus, NJ3518 Route 1 NorthPrinceton,
  NJ530 Highway 35Shrewsbury, NJNew
  York1055 Franklin AvenueGarden City, NY37 West Jericho
  TurnpikeHuntington Station, NY1271 Avenue of the
  AmericasNew York, NY61 BroadwayNew York,
  NY350 Park AvenueNew York, NY200 Fifth
  AvenueNew York, NY733 Third AvenueNew York,
  NY11 Penn PlazaNew York, NY2070
  BroadwayNew York, NY1075 Northern Blvd.Roslyn,
  NYNorth Carolina4611 Sharon RoadCharlotte,
  NCOhio3805 Edwards RoadCincinnati,
  OH1324 Polaris ParkwayColumbus, OH28699 Chagrin
  BoulevardWoodmere Village, OHOregon16850 SW 72nd
  AvenueTigard, OR



Pennsylvania600 West DeKalb PikeKing of Prussia,
  PA1735 Market StreetPhiladelphia, PA12001 Perry
  HighwayWexford, PARhode Island47 Providence
  PlaceProvidence, RITennessee6150 Poplar
  AvenueMemphis, TNTexas10000 Research
  BoulevardAustin, TX4001 Northwest ParkwayDallas,
  TX12532 Memorial DriveHouston, TX2701 Drexel
  DriveHouston, TX6500 N. MacArthur Blvd.Irving,
  TX6005 West Park BoulevardPlano, TX14100 San
  PedroSan Antonio, TX1576 East Southlake
  Blvd.Southlake, TX19740 IH 45 NorthSpring,
  TXUtah215 South State StreetSalt Lake City,
  UTVirginia1861 International
  DriveMcLean, VAWashington411 108th
  Avenue, N.E.Bellevue, WA1518 6th AvenueSeattle,
  WAWashington, DC1900 K Street, N.W.Washington,
  DCWisconsin595 North Barker RoadBrookfield,
  WI
Fidelity Brokerage Services, Inc., 100 Summer St., Boston, MA 02110
Member NYSE/SIPC
53 Annual Report
53



Annual Report



54



55 Annual Report




 
Investment AdviserFidelity Management & Research
  CompanyBoston, MAInvestment Sub
  AdvisersFMR Co., Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(U.K.) Inc.Fidelity Management &
  Research(Far East) Inc.Fidelity International
  InvestmentAdvisorsFidelity Investments Japan
  LimitedFidelity International InvestmentAdvisors (U.K.)
  LimitedGeneral DistributorFidelity Distributors
  CorporationBoston, MATransfer and Service
  AgentFidelity Service Company, Inc.Boston,
  MACustodianJPMorgan Chase BankNew York,
  NY


The Fidelity
  Telephone Connection  

Mutual Fund
  24-Hour Service  

Exchanges/Redemptions  
  
  

 and Account
  Assistance  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Product Information 
  
  
1-800-544-6666  

Retirement Accounts 
  
  
1-800-544-4774  

 (8 a.m. - 9 p.m.) 
  
  
  

TDD Service  
  
1-800-544-0118  

 for the deaf and hearing
  impaired  

 (9 a.m. - 9 p.m. Eastern
  time)  

Fidelity Automated
  Service  
  
  

 Telephone (FAST®) (automated
  phone logo)  
  
1-800-544-5555  

(automated phone
  logo)  Automated line for quickest service 
  



NMF UANN-01061.786711.102


Item 2.  Code of Ethics

As of the end of the period, November 30, 2005, Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust (the
trust) has adopted a code of ethics, as defined in Item 2 of Form N-CSR, that applies to its
President and Treasurer and its Chief Financial Officer.  A copy of the code of ethics is
filed as an exhibit to this Form N-CSR.

Item 3.  Audit Committee Financial Expert

The Board of Trustees of the trust has determined that Marie L. Knowles is an audit
committee financial expert, as defined in Item 3 of Form N-CSR.  Ms. Knowles is
independent for purposes of Item 3 of Form N-CSR.

Item 4.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services

(a)  Audit Fees.

For the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the aggregate
Audit Fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) for professional services
rendered for the audits of the financial statements, or services that are normally provided
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years,
for Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund and Fidelity New Millennium Fund (the funds) and
for all funds in the Fidelity Group of Funds are shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund



$64,000



$66,000





Fidelity New Millennium Fund



$53,000



$49,000





All funds in the Fidelity Group of Funds audited by
PwC





$12,100,000





$10,600,000







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




For the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the aggregate
Audit Fees billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates (collectively, "Deloitte Entities") for professional
services rendered for the audits of the financial statements, or services that are normally
provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those
fiscal years, for Fidelity Growth Company Fund  (the fund) and for all funds in the
Fidelity Group of Funds are shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Growth Company Fund



$68,000



$66,000





All funds in the Fidelity Group of Funds audited by
Deloitte Entities





$5,400,000





$4,400,000







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




(b) Audit-Related Fees.

In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Audit-Related Fees billed by PwC for services rendered for assurance and
related services to each fund that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of the fund's financial statements, but not reported as Audit Fees, are shown in the
table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund



$0



$0





Fidelity New Millennium Fund



$0



$0







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Audit-Related Fees billed by Deloitte Entities for services rendered for
assurance and related services to the fund that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of the fund's financial statements, but not reported as Audit Fees, are
shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Growth Company Fund



$0



$0







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Audit-Related Fees that were billed by PwC and Deloitte Entities that were
required to be approved by the Audit Committee for services rendered on behalf of
Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) and entities controlling, controlled by,
or under common control with FMR (not including any sub-adviser whose role is
primarily portfolio management and is subcontracted with or overseen by another
investment adviser) that provide ongoing services to the funds ("Fund Service Providers")
for assurance and related services that relate directly to the operations and financial
reporting of each fund that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of the fund's financial statements, but not reported as Audit Fees, are shown in the table
below.




Billed By



2005A



2004A





PwC



$0



$0





Deloitte Entities



$0



$0







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




Fees included in the audit-related category comprise assurance and related services (e.g.,
due diligence services) that are traditionally performed by the independent registered
public accounting firm.  These audit-related services include due diligence related to
mergers and acquisitions, accounting consultations and audits in connection with
acquisitions, internal control reviews, attest services that are not required by statute or
regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

(c)  Tax Fees.

In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Tax Fees billed by PwC for professional services rendered for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning for each fund is shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund



$ 3,400



$3,200





Fidelity New Millennium Fund



$ 2,500



$2,400







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Tax Fees billed by Deloitte Entities for professional services rendered for tax
compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fund is shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Growth Company Fund



$ 4,700



$4,700







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Tax Fees billed by PwC and Deloitte Entities that were required to be approved
by the Audit Committee for professional services rendered on behalf of the Fund Service
Providers for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning that relate directly to the
operations and financial reporting of each fund is shown in the table below.




Billed By



2005A



2004A





PwC



$0



$0





Deloitte Entities



$0



$0







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




Fees included in the Tax Fees category comprise all services performed by professional
staff in the independent registered public accounting firm's tax division except those
services related to the audit.  Typically, this category would include fees for tax
compliance, tax planning, and tax advice.  Tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning
services include preparation of original and amended tax returns, claims for refund and tax
payment-planning services, assistance with tax audits and appeals, tax advice related to
mergers and acquisitions and requests for rulings or technical advice from taxing
authorities.

(d)  All Other Fees.

In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Other Fees billed by PwC for all other non-audit services rendered to the funds
is shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Aggressive Growth Fund



$ 5,400



$5,600





Fidelity New Millennium Fund



$ 4,300



$4,200







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Other Fees billed by Deloitte Entities for all other non-audit services rendered
to the fund is shown in the table below.




Fund



2005A



2004A





Fidelity Growth Company Fund



$ 0



$0







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




In each of the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate Other Fees billed by PwC and Deloitte Entities that were required to be
approved by the Audit Committee for all other non-audit services rendered on behalf of
the Fund Service Providers that relate directly to the operations and financial reporting of
each fund is shown in the table below.




Billed By



2005A



2004A





PwC



$170,000



$540,000





Deloitte Entities



$160,000



$850,000







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




Fees included in the All Other Fees category include services related to internal control
reviews, strategy and other consulting, financial information systems design and
implementation, consulting on other information systems, and other tax services unrelated
to the fund.




(e) (1)



Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures:




The trust's Audit Committee must pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided
by the independent registered public accounting firm relating to the operations or financial
reporting of the funds.  Prior to the commencement of any audit or non-audit services to a
fund, the Audit Committee reviews the services to determine whether they are appropriate
and permissible under applicable law.

The trust's Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures to, among other
purposes, provide a framework for the Committee's consideration of non-audit services by
the audit firms that audit the Fidelity funds.  The policies and procedures require that any
non-audit service provided by a fund audit firm to a Fidelity Fund and any non-audit
service provided by a fund auditor to a Fund Service Provider that relates directly to the
operations and financial reporting of a Fidelity fund (Covered Service) are subject to
approval by the Audit Committee before such service is provided. Non-audit services
provided by a fund audit firm for a Fund Service Provider that do not relate directly to the
operations and financial reporting of a Fidelity fund (Non-Covered Service) but that are
expected to exceed $50,000 are also subject to pre-approval by the Audit Committee.

All Covered Services, as well as Non-Covered Services that are expected to exceed
$50,000, must be approved in advance of provision of the service either: (i) by formal
resolution of the Audit Committee, or (ii) by oral or written approval of the service by the
Chair of the Audit Committee (or if the Chair is unavailable, such other member of the
Audit Committee as may be designated by the Chair to act in the Chair's absence). The
approval contemplated by (ii) above is permitted where the Treasurer determines that
action on such an engagement is necessary before the next meeting of the Audit
Committee.  Neither pre-approval nor advance notice of Non-Covered Service
engagements for which fees are not expected to exceed $50,000 is required; such
engagements are to be reported to the Audit Committee monthly.




(e) (2)



Services approved pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of
Regulation S-X:






Audit-Related Fees:

There were no amounts that were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to the de
minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004
on behalf of each fund.

There were no amounts that were required to be approved by the Audit Committee
pursuant to the de minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and
November 30, 2004 on behalf of the Fund Service Providers that relate directly to the
operations and financial reporting of each fund.

Tax Fees:

There were no amounts that were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to the de
minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004
on behalf of each fund.

There were no amounts that were required to be approved by the Audit Committee
pursuant to the de minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and
November 30, 2004 on behalf of the Fund Service Providers that relate directly to the
operations and financial reporting of each fund.

All Other Fees:

There were no amounts that were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to the de
minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004
on behalf of each fund.

There were no amounts that were required to be approved by the Audit Committee
pursuant to the de minimis exception for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and
November 30, 2004 on behalf of the Fund Service Providers that relate directly to the
operations and financial reporting of each fund.

(f) Not applicable.

(g)  For the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the
aggregate fees billed by PwC of $3,650,000A and $2,700,000A for non-audit services
rendered on behalf of the funds, FMR (not including any sub-adviser whose role is
primarily portfolio management and is subcontracted with or overseen by another
investment adviser) and Fund Service Providers relating to Covered Services and
Non-Covered Services are shown in the table below.








2005A



2004A





Covered Services



$150,000



$550,000





Non-Covered Services



$3,500,000



$2,150,000







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




For the fiscal years ended November 30, 2005 and November 30, 2004, the aggregate fees
billed by Deloitte Entities of $400,000A and $1,600,000A for non-audit services rendered
on behalf of the fund, FMR (not including any sub-adviser whose role is primarily
portfolio management and is subcontracted with or overseen by another investment
adviser) and Fund Service Providers relating to Covered Services and Non-Covered
Services are shown in the table below.








2005A



2004A





Covered Services



$150,000



$850,000





Non-Covered Services



$250,000



$750,000







A



Aggregate amounts may reflect rounding.




(h)  The trust's Audit Committee has considered Non-Covered Services that were not
pre-approved that were provided by PwC and Deloitte Entities to Fund Service Providers
to be compatible with maintaining the independence of PwC and Deloitte Entities in their
audit of the funds, taking into account representations from PwC and Deloitte Entities, in
accordance with Independence Standards Board Standard No.1, regarding their
independence from the funds and their related entities.

Item 5.  Audit Committee of Listed Registrants

Not applicable.

Item 6.  Schedule of Investments

Not applicable.

Item 7. Disclosure of Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures for Closed-End
Management Investment Companies

Not applicable.

Item 8. Portfolio Managers of Closed-End Management Investment Companies

Not applicable.

Item 9.  Purchase of Equity Securities by Closed-End Management Investment
Company and Affiliated Purchasers

Not applicable.

Item 10.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

There were no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend
nominees to the trust's Board of Trustees.

Item 11.  Controls and Procedures

(a)(i)  The President and Treasurer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the
trust's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 30a-3(c) under the
Investment Company Act) provide reasonable assurances that material information
relating to the trust is made known to them by the appropriate persons, based on their
evaluation of these controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days of the filing date of
this report.

(a)(ii)  There was no change in the trust's internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 30a-3(d) under the Investment Company Act) that occurred during the
second fiscal quarter of the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the trust's internal control over financial reporting.

Item 12.  Exhibits




(a)



(1)



Code of Ethics pursuant to Item 2 of Form N-CSR is filed and attached
hereto as EX-99.CODE ETH.





(a)



(2)



Certification pursuant to Rule 30a-2(a) under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (17 CFR 270.30a-2(a)) is filed and attached hereto as Exhibit
99.CERT.





(a)



(3)



Not applicable.





(b)







Certification pursuant to Rule 30a-2(b) under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (17 CFR 270.30a-2(b)) is furnished and attached hereto as Exhibit
99.906CERT.




SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment
Company Act of 1940, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust




By:



/s/Christine Reynolds









Christine Reynolds









President and Treasurer















Date:



January 20, 2006




Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment
Company Act of 1940, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.




By:



/s/Christine Reynolds









Christine Reynolds









President and Treasurer















Date:



January 20, 2006







By:



/s/Paul M. Murphy









Paul M. Murphy









Chief Financial Officer















Date:



January 20, 2006







R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘N-CSR’ Filing    Date    Other Filings11/30/1124F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B11/30/1024F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B11/30/0924F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-BFiled on / Effective on:1/26/061/20/061/13/061/9/06For Period End:11/30/0524F-2NT,  NSAR-B6/1/0512/31/0411/30/0424F-2NT,  497,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B11/30/9524F-2NT,  24F-2NT/A,  N-30D,  NSAR-B List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000278001-06-000009   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 17:32:34.2 GMT 


FIDELITY MOUNT VERNON STREET TRUST - BOSTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



BOSTON



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            FIDELITY MOUNT VERNON STREET TRUST
                                    



 





















F 


FIDELITY MOUNT VERNON STREET TRUST
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



82 DEVONSHIRE ST BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Trust
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Fidelity MT Vernon Street Trust is based out of Boston.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




fidelity mt vernon street trust


245 SUMMER STREET

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02210


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-563-7000







Recent SEC Filings




NSAR-A filed on 07/27/2017
N-CSRS filed on 07/25/2017
497 filed on 06/22/2017
497 filed on 06/22/2017
497J filed on 06/06/2017
497 filed on 06/01/2017
497 filed on 06/01/2017
497K filed on 05/26/2017
CORRESP filed on 04/03/2017
40-17G filed on 05/18/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















 SECGems: FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
505













	 
	
	 245 SUMMER STREET
	 
	
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   617-563-7000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2003-06-26FIDELITY MERCURY FUND1986-12-16


2002-02-22FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY FUND1991-01-10


1995-10-19FIDELITY MT VERNON STREET TRUST








Central Index Key (CIK)
0000707823
Fiscal year end
1130










All related persons/companies# Filings





 CASH INVESTMENT FUND


69




 COLCHESTER STREET TRUST (0000356173) 


69




 CONGRESS STREET FUND INC


63




 CONTRAFUND INC


79




 DAILY MONEY FUND/MA/


69




 DAILY TAX EXEMPT MONEY FUND /DE/


70




 DAILY TAX EXEMPT MONEY FUND II


1




 DEVON MUNICIPAL BOND FUND


72




 DEVONSHIRE STREET FUND INC


69




 EMPIRE FIDELITY INVESTMENTS VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT A (0000878467) 


8




 EQUITY PORTFOLIO INCOME


1




 EVEREST FUND INC


79




 EVEREST INCOME FUND INC


79




 Empire Fidelity Investments Variable Life Account A (0001297990) 


8




 FIDELIITY EQUITY INCOME FUND


1




 FIDELITY ABERDEEN STREET TRUST (0000880195) 


75




 FIDELITY ADVISOR ANNUITY FUND


66




 FIDELITY ADVISOR EQUITY PORTFOLIO GROWTH


82




 FIDELITY ADVISOR EQUITY PORTFOLIO INCOME


42




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES 1


82




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES I (0000722574) 


82




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES II (0000795422) 


69




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES III (0000702533) 


42




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES IV (0000719451) 


70




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES V (0001168353) 


69




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES VI


56




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES VII (0000315700) 


52




 FIDELITY ADVISOR SERIES VIII (0000729218) 


69




 FIDELITY AGGRESSIVE INCOME FUND


73




 FIDELITY ASSET INVESTMENT TRUST


81




 FIDELITY BEACON STREET TRUST (0000311884) 


71




 FIDELITY BOND DEBENTURE FUND INC


41




 FIDELITY BOSTON STREET TRUST (0000823535) 


63




 FIDELITY BOYLSTON STREET TRUST (0000700859) 


44




 FIDELITY BROAD STREET TRUST


82




 FIDELITY BROKERAGE SERVICES INC (0000908500) 


1




 FIDELITY CALIFORNIA MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000718891) 


69




 FIDELITY CALIFORNIA MUNICIPAL TRUST II (0000878662) 


69




 FIDELITY CALIFORNIA TAX EXEMPT MONEY MARKET TRUST


69




 FIDELITY CALIFORNIA TAX FREE FUND


69




 FIDELITY CAPITAL TRUST (0000275309) 


81




 FIDELITY CASH RESERVES


71




 FIDELITY CASH RESERVES II


65




 FIDELITY CHARLES STREET TRUST (0000354046) 


69




 FIDELITY COMMONWEALTH TRUST (0000205323) 


69




 FIDELITY CONCORD STREET TRUST (0000819118) 


74




 FIDELITY CONGRESS STREET FUND (0000023355) 


63




 FIDELITY CONTRAFUND (0000024238) 


79




 FIDELITY CONTRAFUND INC


79




 FIDELITY CORPORATE BOND FUND INC


72




 FIDELITY COURT STREET TRUST (0000225323) 


72




 FIDELITY COURT STREET TRUST II (0000880709) 


73




 FIDELITY COVINGTON TRUST (0000945908) 


33




 FIDELITY DAILY INCOME TRUST


69




 FIDELITY DESTINY FUND


70




 FIDELITY DESTINY PLANS


33




 FIDELITY DESTINY PORTFOLIOS (0000035331) 


70




 FIDELITY DEVONSHIRE TRUST (0000035341) 


79




 FIDELITY DISCOVERER FUND


81




 FIDELITY DIVERSIFIED TRUST


69




 FIDELITY EQUITY INCOME FUND INC


79




 FIDELITY EXCHANGE FUND (0000320254) 


63




 FIDELITY EXTRA MUNICIPALS


72




 FIDELITY FEDERAL RESERVES


69




 FIDELITY FINANCIAL TRUST (0000708191) 


85




 FIDELITY FIXED INCOME TRUST (0000035315) 


72




 FIDELITY FLEXIBLE BOND FUND


72




 FIDELITY FRANKLIN STREET TRUST


42




 FIDELITY FREEDOM FUND


85




 FIDELITY FUND


76




 FIDELITY FUND INC


76




 FIDELITY GARRISON STREET TRUST (0000803013) 


69




 FIDELITY GROWTH COMPANY FUND


506




 FIDELITY HANOVER STREET TRUST (0000702533) 


41




 FIDELITY HASTINGS STREET TRUST (0000035348) 


76




 FIDELITY HEREFORD STREET TRUST (0000917286) 


73




 FIDELITY HIGH INCOME FUND


73




 FIDELITY HIGH YIELD MUNICIPALS


72




 FIDELITY INCOME FUND (0000035353) 


1




 FIDELITY INCOME FUND /MA/ (0000751199) 


71




 FIDELITY INCOME TRUST


70




 FIDELITY INSTITUTIONAL CASH PORTFOLIOS


69




 FIDELITY INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS TRUST


75




 FIDELITY INSTITUTIONAL TAX EXEMPT CASH PORTFOLIOS


44




 FIDELITY INSTITUTIONAL TRUST


74




 FIDELITY INTERMEDIATE BOND FUND


69




 FIDELITY INVESTMENT SERIES


69




 FIDELITY INVESTMENT TRUST (0000744822) 


76




 FIDELITY INVESTMENTS VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I (0000821051) 


8




 FIDELITY INVESTMENTS VARIABLE LIFE ACCOUNT I (0000819543) 


5




 FIDELITY INVESTORS TRUST


69




 FIDELITY LIMITED TERM MUNICIPALS


70




 FIDELITY MAGELLAN FUND (0000061397) 


77




 FIDELITY MAGELLAN FUND INC (0000061397) 


78




 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH CO /MASS/ (0000908564) 


1




 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH CO/MA/ (0000035368) 


6




 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000357057) 


69




 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS TAX EXEMPT MONEY MARKET TRUST


69




 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS TAX FREE FUND MASS FREE


69




 FIDELITY MERCURY FUND


506




 FIDELITY MONEY MARKET TRUST (0000276516) 


72




 FIDELITY MORTGAGE SECURITIES FUND


71




 FIDELITY MUNICIPAL BOND FUND INC


70




 FIDELITY MUNICIPAL BOND FUND LTD


70




 FIDELITY MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000035373) 


70




 FIDELITY MUNICIPAL TRUST II (0000880799) 


70




 FIDELITY NEW YORK MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000718581) 


70




 FIDELITY NEW YORK MUNICIPAL TRUST II (0000878663) 


70




 FIDELITY NEW YORK TAX EXEMPT MONEY MARKET TRUST


70




 FIDELITY NEW YORK TAX FREE FUND


70




 FIDELITY NEWBURY STREET TRUST (0000704207) 


1




 FIDELITY OLIVER STREET TRUST


56




 FIDELITY OVERSEAS FUND


76




 FIDELITY OXFORD STREET TRUST (0000028540) 


69




 FIDELITY PHILLIPS STREET TRUST (0000278001) 


71




 FIDELITY PURITAN FUND


79




 FIDELITY PURITAN TRUST (0000081205) 


79




 FIDELITY REVERE STREET TRUST (0001022695) 


69




 FIDELITY RUTLAND SQUARE TRUST (0001265551) 


6




 FIDELITY SALEM STREET TRUST (0000035315) 


30




 FIDELITY SCHOOL STREET TRUST (0000215829) 


40




 FIDELITY SCHOOL STREET TRUST/ (0000215829) 


70




 FIDELITY SECURITIES FUND (0000754510) 


80




 FIDELITY SECURITIES TRUST (0001425435) 


52




 FIDELITY SELECT PORTFOLIOS (0000320351) 


58




 FIDELITY SERVICE CO (0001007218) 


1




 FIDELITY SPECIAL SITUATIONS FUND


69




 FIDELITY SUMMER STREET TRUST (0000225322) 


73




 FIDELITY SYSTEMATIC INVESTMENT FUND INC


70




 FIDELITY SYSTEMATIC INVESTMENT PLANS (0000035333) 


33




 FIDELITY TAX EXEMPT MONEY MARKET TRUST


71




 FIDELITY TAX EXEMPT MONEY MARKET TRUST FUND


71




 FIDELITY TAX QUALIFIED EQUITY FUND


85




 FIDELITY THRIFT TRUST


69




 FIDELITY TREND FUND (0000035402) 


69




 FIDELITY TREND FUND INC


69




 FIDELITY U S GOVERNMENT RESERVES FUND


69




 FIDELITY U S TREASURY MONEY MARKET FUND L P


63




 FIDELITY UNION STREET TRUST (0000035330) 


69




 FIDELITY UNION STREET TRUST II (0000880797) 


69




 FIDELITY UNITED STATES TREASURY TRUST


69




 FIDELITY VALUE FUND


81




 FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


70




 Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios II LLC (0001401097) 


62




 Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC (0001303459) 


68




 Fidelity Colchester Street Trust (0000356173) 


68




 Fidelity Commonwealth Trust II (0001364923) 


23




 Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust (0001562565) 


21




 Fidelity Newbury Street Trust (0000704207) 


69




 Fidelity Oxford Street Trust II (0001586462) 


18




 Fidelity Securities Trust (0001425435) 


1




 INCOME PORTFOLIOS


70




 MAGELLAN FUND INC


78




 MONEY ASSET FUND /MA/


44




 MONEY MARKET PLUS FUND


1




 MUNICIPAL BOND FUND/MA/


70




 NEWBURY STREET TRUST (0000704207) 


70




 NORTH CAROLINA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT TRUST (0000702149) 


1




 NORTH CAROLINA CASH MANAGEMENT FUND


1




 National Financial Services LLC (0000990651) 


1




 PLYMOUTH FUND


69




 PLYMOUTH INVESTMENT SERIES


69




 PLYMOUTH INVESTMENT SERIES /NY/


69




 PLYMOUTH SECURITIES TRUST


52




 PURITAN FUND INC


79




 READY CASH FUND


52




 SPARTAN U S TREASURY MONEY MARKET FUND


63




 STRATEGIC ADVISERS INC (0001026420) 


8




 TAX EXEMPT PORTFOLIOS


56




 VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND (0000356494) 


65




 VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND II (0000831016) 


69




 VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND III (0001058486) 


6




 VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND IV (0000720318) 


56




 VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS III (0000927384) 


66




 Variable Insurance Products Fund V (0000823535) 


62







 








db
 
 








































