   Fidelity Investments - Retirement, Funds, and Online Trading                                    

                      Need Help?    Open an Account     Open an Account   Log Out              Achieve more when you pay less   With no annual fees, and some of the most competitive prices in the industry, we help your money go further.   Find out more                       Why invest with Fidelity   Planning and advice  From complex wealth management to your retirement needs, we can help you with financial planning.   Straightforward pricing  With low minimums, no annual account fees, and competitive prices, we can help your money go further.   Robust investing tools  Get easy-to-use tools and the latest professional insights from our team of specialists.            Get your retirement score in 60 seconds Knowing where you stand is crucial. Use this tool to see how prepared you are for retirement, and what steps you may need to work on.  Get your score now        Comprehensive wealth planning Get tailored strategies from a dedicated team to help preserve and grow your wealth, create a charitable legacy, plan for retirement, and more.        Our straightforward and transparent offerings  Value Tools & Guidance Service    Value       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Vanguard     Online U.S. equity and option trades $4.95* $6.95 $4.95 $7–$20   Online options (per contract rate) $0.65 $0.75 $0.65 $1.00   Lowest margin rates† 4.25% 6.50% 6.00% 5.25%   Leader in displaying price improvement on trades  -- -- --   In-depth research from 20+ independent providers  -- -- --   Buy the most commission-free iShares® ETFs online 70 47 0 0     Table compares pricing for retail investors.  Tools & Guidance       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     See how you're tracking against your retirement goals with a tool that provides your retirement score in just 60 seconds   The Fidelity Retirement ScoreSM  -- -- --   Manage entry and exit trading strategies using 10 pieces of information in 1 easy-to-use tool   Trade Armor® --  -- --   Access to an online service that guides you through the estate planning process and helps you identify an attorney   Fidelity Estate PlannerSM -- -- -- --   Get a wide range of wealth planning & management services tailored to your individual goals          Service       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     Reps available 24/7    -- --   National branch network     --   Reimbursement for unauthorized activity                    Best Online Broker 2016, 2017    Best Overall Online Broker 5-time winner    Top Online Brokerage Firm 2015, 2016 & 2017     Review Fidelity Brokerage Services with FINRA's BrokerCheck              Whatever you're investing for, we can help Whether you need a trading account, or a Rollover, Traditional, or Roth IRA—it only takes a few minutes to open an account.  Open an Account            Learn more about our highly rated accounts  Trading with our  Brokerage Account  4.3 Stars Saving for retirement  with our Rollover IRA  4.3 Stars Simplifying with our  Cash Management Account  4.1 Stars    See ratings for all products and services           Get insights from our experts       Roth IRA conversions  Before converting an IRA to a Roth IRA, consider these strategies.       Q3 sector report  Industrials, Tech, and other cyclicals may benefit from recent trends.       Kids and taxes  Do you know the tax implications if your child has income?      See all Fidelity Viewpoints® articles         Sign up for Fidelity Viewpoints®  Get a weekly email of our pros' current thinking about financial markets, investing strategies, and personal finance.     First Name       Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte   First name is required.   First name can not exceed 30 characters.   Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte        Last Name       Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.   Last name is required.   Last name can not exceed 60 characters.   Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.        Email       Enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.   Email is required.   Email address must be 5 characters at minimum.   Email address can not exceed 100 characters.   Please enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.        Subscribe         Thank you for subscribing.   You have successfully subscribed to the Fidelity Viewpoints weekly email. You should begin receiving the email in 7–10 business days.   We were unable to process your request.   Please Click Here to go to Viewpoints signup page.                                                                 DJIA information currently unavailable                    NASDAQ information currently unavailable                    S&P 500 information currently unavailable      Your Today’s Markets information is currently unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.        We're here to help—however and whenever you need it No matter what financial questions you have, we're here to work with you on your terms.    Questions?  800-343-3548    Chat with a  representative    Find an Investor  Center        Other Fidelity Sites:   For Individuals For Employers For Investment Professionals               Terms of Use  Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal).   * Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 5/26/2017, for TD Ameritrade, Schwab and Vanguard for online U.S. equity trades. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. For Vanguard, commissions based on assets in Vanguard funds: Less than $50,000, first 25 trades $7.00, subsequent trades $20.00, those with assets starting at $50,000 or more in Vanguard funds may be eligible for a free trades and subsequent trades for as low as $2.00 per trade. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider's website for any additional information and restrictions.   † 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%   Trade Armor is a part of Active Trader Pro®. Active Trader Pro is automatically made available to brokerage account customers trading 36 times or more in a rolling 12-month period. If you do not meet the eligibility criteria, please contact Active Trader Services at 1-800-564-0211 to request access.   Based on data from IHS Markit for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders executed at Fidelity from April 1, 2016, to March 31, 2017. The comparison is based on an analysis of price statistics that include market orders and marketable limit orders of 100–1,999 shares. Price improvement examples are based on averages, and any price improvement amounts related to your trades will depend on the particulars of your specific trade. Fidelity's average retail order size for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders (100–9999 shares) during this time period was 1,093 shares.   ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.   Price improvement details provided for certain domestic stock and single-leg option orders entered during market hours after the primary opening, provided there is a National Best Bid and Offer (NBBO) at the time the order is placed. Price improvement details are provided for informational purposes only and are not used for regulatory reporting purposes. See Fidelity.com for more details.   Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade's $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade's commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.   IMPORTANT: The projections or other information generated by Fidelity Retirement Score regarding the likelihood of various investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature, do not reflect actual investment results, and are not guarantees of future results. Results may vary with each use and over time.   The Fidelity Retirement Score is a hypothetical illustration and does not represent your individual situation or the investment results of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is not a guarantee of future results. Your score does not consider the composition of current savings and other factors.   Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts.   Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.   There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.   System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.   Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.   Ratings based on 1,131 reviews for Brokerage Account, 886 reviews for Rollover IRA Account and 1,186 reviews for Cash Management Account, 12/21/16.   The initial customer ratings and reviews for this product (those dated before 12/21/2016) were provided to Fidelity through an email solicitation for feedback on the product. All ratings and reviews are provided to Fidelity on a voluntary basis and are screened in accordance with the guidelines set forth in our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. For additional information on which ratings and reviews may be posted, please refer to our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. Featured reviews have been selected based on subjective criteria and have been reviewed by Fidelity Investments. The average rating is determined by calculating the mathematical average of all ratings that are approved for posting per the Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use, and does not include any ratings that did not meet the guidelines and were therefore not posted). Ratings and reviews are added continuously to the Web site (after a delay for screening against guidelines), and average ratings are updated dynamically as reviews are added or removed.   The ratings and experiences of customers may not be representative of the experiences of all customers or investors and are not indicative of future success. The accuracy of information included in the customer ratings and reviews cannot be guaranteed by Fidelity Investments. Customers who post ratings may be responsible for disclosing whether they have a financial interest or conflict in submitting a rating or review.   Please contact a Fidelity representative if you have any questions or concerns about the ratings and reviews posted here.   Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.   Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917    782377.13.0             Mutual Funds   ETFs   Fixed Income   Bonds   CDs   Options  Active Trader Pro    Stocks   Online Trading   Annuities   Life Insurance & Long Term Care  Small Business Retirement Plans    IRAs   Retirement Products   Retirement Planning   529 Plans  FINRA's BrokerCheck Guest Access       Stay Connected      Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code          Please enter a valid ZIP code              Facebook      Twitter      LinkedIn      Google+      YouTube      Fidelity Mobile®              Careers   News Releases   About Fidelity   International       Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.   Terms of Use   Privacy   Security   Site Map  Accessibility  This is for persons in the U.S. only.               close     For Individuals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information on workplace savings and charitable programs. 401(k) Participants & Employees of Corporations 403(b) & 457(b) Participants & Employees of Non-profits Other Workplace Benefits (NetBenefits®) Fidelity Charitable MyMoney           close     For Employers       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information for employers interested in workplace or institutional investing. Workplace Investing Fidelity Institutional Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ Designated Brokerage Services Fidelity Health Marketplace℠           close     For Investment Professionals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer professionals investment‐related resources. Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ RIAs, TPAs, Trust Institutions Broker-Dealers Family Offices Hedge Fund Managers Capital Markets           close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA       Open a Roth IRA           Open a Traditional IRA               Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account       Open a Cash Management Account           Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA      Open Now  Open a Roth IRA          Open Now  Open a Traditional IRA          Open Now        Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account      Open Now  Open a Cash Management Account          Open Now  Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Rollover IRA Open Now   Roth IRA Open Now   Traditional IRA Open Now    Investing & Savings  Brokerage Account Open Now   Cash Management Account Open Now   Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA    Open a Roth IRA    Open a Traditional IRA    Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account    Open a Cash Management Account    Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts                  



 FIDELITY CONCORD STREET TRUST (Form: 497, Received: 07/18/2014 12:49:18) 















	Fidelity (logo) Investments

	®


	|






	245 Summer Street

	Boston MA 02210

	617 563 7000









	|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||





	July 18, 2014





	U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission


	100 F Street, N.E.


	Washington, D.C. 20549







	Re:




	Fidelity Concord Street Trust (the trust):






	 




	Spartan Extended Market Index Fund

	Spartan International Index Fund

	Spartan Total Market Index Fund (the funds)






	 




	File Nos. 033-15983


	and 811-05251





	__________________________________________________________________________


	Ladies and Gentlemen:


	Transmitted herewith for filing pursuant to Rule 497(e) under the Securities Act of 1933 (33 Act), as
	amended, are exhibits containing interactive data format risk/return summary information for supplements to
	the registration statement for the funds listed above. The purpose of this filing is to submit the 497 filing in
	XBRL for the funds.






	||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||





	Very truly yours,






	 




	 






	 





	/s

	/

	Jamie Plourde







	 




	Jamie Plourde






	 




	Legal Product Group




















 




Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:33 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by FMR Co., Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in the lower quality income producing debt securities of companies which are in trouble or uncertain financial condition and convertible securities. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as issuer's financial condition and industry position and ma...
Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by FMR Co., Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in the lower quality income producing debt securities of companies which are in trouble or uncertain financial condition and convertible securities. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as issuer's financial condition and industry position and market, and economic conditions to select investments, a security's structural features and current price compared to its long-term value, and the earnings potential, credit standing, and management of the security's issuer to create its portfolio. The fund was previously known as Fidelity Fixed-Income Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund. Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund was founded on August 29, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1990



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316146406







Key Executives for Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund




Ms. Christine Reynolds


      	President and Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Joseph B. Hollis


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 68
        







Mr. Frederick Hoff


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 13, 2017
			    
Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity Summer Street Trust - Fidelity High Income Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316146406.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























fidelity summer street trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Summer Street Fidelity Trust is headquartered in the United States. The Company's line of business includes issuing shares, managing investment funds, and mutual fund sales.




Corporate Information
Address:

82 Devonshire Street
Boston, MA 02109
United States


Phone:
1-214-281-6350


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













FIDELITY INVESTMENTS Boston MA, 02210 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Fidelity Investments
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Fidelity Investments



245 Summer St

Boston,
							
							
							 MA
							
							
							 02210-1133
							
							 |  view map


(617) 692-0041

www.fidelity.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

FIDELITY INVESTMENTS is in the Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies industry in Boston, MA.  This company currently has approximately 25,000 to 50,000 employees  and  annual sales of Over $1,000,000,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1943
					

Sales Range:
						Over $1,000,000,000
					

Employees:
						25,000 to 50,000


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


Fidelity sued over Cushman's $23M appraisal for Boston office building Bizjournals Banking and Financial
Fidelity International launches bond fund for wealthy Chinese EIN News
Retirement-Account Experience Helps Big Firms Build Robo Services Investor's Business Daily Business News
Rent the Runway raises $60 million, led by Fidelity Investments Bizjournals Economic Snapshot
Abigail Johnson to assume Fidelity chairmanship New York Society of Security Analysts NYSSA SmartBrief
Fidelity Investments  Adds New York Life Fixed Annuity to Product Lineup Business Wire Professional Services News
Fidelity's passive funds see biggest monthly gain in 9 years Bizjournals Banking and Financial




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO


Walbro


Hammer & CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Coats Electric CO Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
•


								3.8
							


							( Based on
							
							45
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								45
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Fidelity Investments
Rate Fidelity Investments on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Fidelity Investments
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGT JAMES B MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGUE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
CONTORNO INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
ADVENT I LLC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

AZURADISC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
PANALPINA INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















      Federal Register
       :: 
      Fidelity Aberdeen Street Trust, et al.;
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Open Meeting of the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance


                by the Treasury Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Tim Evanson






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          496
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          659
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      20
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      0
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












EQT Pittsburgh Three Rivers Regatta, Pittsburgh, PA


                by the Coast Guard
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Ben McLeod






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1516
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          309
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          930
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      41
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      7
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Refugee Biographic Data


                by the State Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Charles Roffey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          253
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          95
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          831
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Environmentally Sound Products


                by the Defense Department, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Leo Reynolds






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          163
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          345
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      46
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Public Company Accounting Oversight Board


                by the Securities and Exchange Commission
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                GotCredit






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          31
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          90
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      45
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicaid Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Hey Paul Studios






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          196
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          873
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      32
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

20


16



Commerce Department

47


10



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

8


3



Energy Department

43


3



Environmental Protection Agency

44


26



Health and Human Services Department

87


20



Homeland Security Department

66


9



Housing and Urban Development Department

2


          0
        


Interior Department

22


11



Justice Department

17


5



Labor Department

12


6



State Department

4


3



Transportation Department

82


41



Treasury Department

17


12



Veterans Affairs Department

9


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

22


6



Air pollution control

10


13



Air transportation

19


11



Airspace

18


4



Aviation safety

19


18



Environmental protection

17


12



Navigation (air)

19


4



Navigation (water)

10


          0
        


Security measures

10


2



Waterways

10


          0
        











            Current Issue

              
                377 Pages
              




123 documents
    from 40 agencies

  



81 Notices


14 Proposed Rules


28 Rules


3 Significant Documents









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


4 documents
            from 2 agencies
          


4 Rules









Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


84 documents
            from 43 agencies
          


63 Notices


1 Presidential Document


9 Proposed Rules


11 Rules














Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Fidelity Aberdeen Street Trust, et al.;


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 11/13/2012











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

11/13/2012

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          77 FR 67689
        
Page:

          67689-67693
          (5 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Investment Company Act Release No. 30258
File No. 812-13731
Document Number:
2012-27494

Document Details

Enhanced ContentRelevant information about this document from Regulations.gov provides additional context. This information is not part of the official Federal Register document.


Docket Number:

SEC-2012-1842

Public Comments:

0 comments


Enhanced Content



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

ACTION:
DATES:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Applicants' Conditions
Footnotes

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 


0

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2012-27494
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2012-27494






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Public Inspection



              This PDF is
              the current document as it appeared on Public Inspection on
              11/09/2012 at 08:45 am.
            

              If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you
    should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official
    edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the
    Federal Register provide legal notice to the public and judicial notice
    to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507.
    Learn more here.
            

Public Inspection 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





 
        
        
        
        November 6, 2012.
        
        
          ACTION:
Notice of an application to amend a prior order under (a) section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (“Act”) granting an exemption from sections 18(f) and 21(b) of the Act; (b) section 12(d)(1)(J) of the Act granting an exemption from section 12(d)(1) of the Act; (c) sections 6(c) and 17(b) of the Act granting an exemption from sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Act; and (d) section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act to permit certain joint arrangements (“Prior Order”).[1] 


Summary of the Application: The Prior Order permitted certain registered open-end management investment companies to participate in a joint lending and borrowing facility. Applicants seek to amend the Prior Order to modify the Rate Conditions (as defined below) and to request an exemption from section 17(a)(2) of the Act.

Applicants: Fidelity Aberdeen Street Trust; Fidelity Advisor Series I; Fidelity Advisor Series II; Fidelity Advisor Series IV; Fidelity Advisor Series VII; Fidelity Advisor Series VIII; Fidelity Beacon Street Trust; Fidelity Boylston Street Trust; Fidelity California Municipal Trust; Fidelity California Municipal Trust II; Fidelity Capital Trust; Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC; Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios II LLC; Fidelity Charles Street Trust; Fidelity Colchester Street Trust; Fidelity Commonwealth Trust; Fidelity Commonwealth Trust II; Fidelity Concord Street Trust; Fidelity  Contrafund; Fidelity Court Street Trust; Fidelity Court Street Trust II; Fidelity Covington Trust; Fidelity Destiny Portfolios; Fidelity Devonshire Trust; Fidelity Financial Trust; Fidelity Garrison Street Trust; Fidelity Hanover Street Trust; Fidelity Hastings Street Trust; Fidelity Hereford Street Trust; Fidelity Income Fund; Fidelity Investment Trust; Fidelity Magellan Fund; Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust; Fidelity Money Market Trust; Fidelity Mt. Vernon Street Trust; Fidelity Municipal Trust; Fidelity Municipal Trust II; Fidelity New York Municipal Trust; Fidelity New York Municipal Trust II; Fidelity Newbury Street Trust; Fidelity Oxford Street Trust; Fidelity Phillips Street Trust; Fidelity Puritan Trust; Fidelity Revere Street Trust; Fidelity Salem Street Trust; Fidelity School Street Trust; Fidelity Securities Fund; Fidelity Select Portfolios; Fidelity Summer Street Trust; Fidelity Trend Fund; Fidelity Union Street Trust; Fidelity Union Street Trust II; Variable Insurance Products Fund; Variable Insurance Products Fund II; Variable Insurance Products Fund III; Variable Insurance Products Fund IV; Variable Insurance Products Fund V; (each, a “Trust” and collectively, the “Trusts”), and each series of the Trusts; Fidelity Management & Research Company (“FMR Co.”); Strategic Advisers, Inc. (“SAI” and together with FMR Co. and any person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with FMR Co., “FMR”); and each registered open-end management investment company or series thereof that in the future is advised or sub-advised by FMR Co., SAI or another FMR entity (together, with each series of the Trusts, each, a “Fund” and collectively, the “Funds”). 
DATES:

Filing Dates: The application was filed on December 11, 2009 and amended on May 13, 2011, October 21, 2011, May 11, 2012, and October 19, 2012.

Hearing or Notification of Hearing: An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's Secretary and serving applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on November 30, 2012 and should be accompanied by proof of service on applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Commission's Secretary.
ADDRESSES:
Elizabeth M. Murphy, Secretary, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants: 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.
 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Laura J. Riegel, Senior Counsel, at (202) 551-6873 or Dalia Osman Blass, Assistant Director, at (202) 551-6821 (Division of Investment Management, Office of Investment Company Regulation).
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.
Applicants' Representations
1. Each Trust is formed as a business trust or limited liability company under the laws of Massachusetts or Delaware, as applicable. Each Trust is registered under the Act as an open-end management investment company.[2] 
           FMR Co., SAI or another FMR entity serves as investment adviser or sub-adviser to each of the Funds. FMR Co. and SAI are investment advisers registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (“Advisers Act”). Any investment adviser to the Funds will be registered under the Advisers Act.
2. The Prior Order permits the Funds to participate in a credit facility administered by FMR (the “IFL Program”). The IFL Program enables the Funds to lend money to each other for temporary purposes, such as when redemptions exceed anticipated levels. The IFL Program is designed both to reduce the cost of borrowing for the Funds and enhance the lending Funds' ability to earn higher rates of interest of investment on their short-term balances. The Prior Order requires that the interest rate for loans made through the IFL Program (the “IFL Rate”) be based on the average of: (a) the higher of the overnight time deposit rate (the “OTD Rate”) and the Funds' current overnight repurchase agreement rate (the “FICASH Rate”); [3] 
           and (b) a benchmark rate representing the lowest bank loan rate available for borrowing by the Funds (“Benchmark Rate”). The board of trustees (each, a “Fund Board” and collectively, the “Fund Boards”) of each Fund, including a majority of the trustees who are not “interested persons,” as defined in section 2(a)(19) of the Act, (“Independent Trustees”) establishes the Benchmark Rate, and, reviews, no less frequently than annually, the continuing appropriateness of the Benchmark Rate. The Benchmark Rate is currently set each day based on the average actual spread between the lowest quoted bank loan rate and the Federal Funds rate over the previous 60 days.
3. Applicants state that their business purposes and operational preferences over time have made inclusion of the OTD Rate in calculation of the IFL Rate unnecessary. Therefore, applicants seek to amend the Prior Order to eliminate the use of the OTD Rate in the IFL Rate calculation provided in conditions 1 and 2 (“Rate Conditions”). Applicants also request an exemption from section 17(a)(2) of the Act.
Applicants' Legal Analysis
1. Section 17(a)(3) of the Act generally prohibits any affiliated person of a registered investment company, or affiliated person of an affiliated person, from borrowing money or other property from the registered investment company. Section 21(b) of the Act generally prohibits any registered management company from lending money or other property to any person, directly or indirectly, if that person controls or is under common control with that company. Section 2(a)(3)(C) of the Act defines an “affiliated person” of another person, in part, to be any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such other person. Section 2(a)(9) of the Act defines “control” as the “power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company,” but excludes circumstances in which “such power is solely the result of an official position with such company.” Because the Funds share a common investment adviser or have an investment adviser  that is under common control with those of the other Funds, applicants state that each Fund may be deemed to be under common control with all the other Funds, and, therefore, an affiliated person of those Funds.
2. Section 17(a)(1) of the Act generally prohibits any affiliated person of a registered investment company, or any affiliated person of such a person, from selling securities or other property to the investment company. Section 17(a)(2) of the Act generally prohibits an affiliated person of a registered investment company, or any affiliated person of such a person, from purchasing securities or other property from the investment company. Section 12(d)(1) of the Act prohibits a registered investment company from purchasing or otherwise acquiring any security issued by any other investment company except in accordance with the limitations set forth in that section.
3. Section 18(f)(1) of the Act prohibits registered open-end investment companies from issuing any senior security except that a company is permitted to borrow from any bank, if immediately after the borrowing, there is asset coverage of at least 300 per centum for all borrowings of the company. Under section 18(g) of the Act, the term “senior security” generally includes any bond, debenture, note or similar obligation or instrument constituting a security and evidencing indebtedness.
4. Section 17(b) of the Act authorizes the Commission to exempt a proposed transaction from section 17(a) provided that the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid or received, are fair and reasonable and do not involve overreaching on the part of any person concerned, and the transaction is consistent with the policy of the investment company as recited in its registration statement and with the general purposes of the Act. Section 6(c) of the Act provides that an exemptive order may be granted where an exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Section 12(d)(1)(J) of the Act provides that the Commission may exempt persons or transactions from any provision of section 12(d)(1) if and to the extent such exception is consistent with the public interest and the protection of investors.
5. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act generally prohibit any affiliated person of a registered investment company, or any affiliated person of an affiliated person, when acting as principal, from effecting any joint transaction in which the company participates unless the transaction is approved by the Commission. Rule 17d-1(b) provides that in passing upon applications filed under the rule, the Commission will consider whether the participation of a registered investment company in a joint enterprise on the basis proposed is consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the Act and the extent to which the company's participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.
6. Applicants request an order under (a) section 6(c) of the Act granting an exemption from sections 18(f) and 21(b) of the Act; (b) section 12(d)(1)(J) of the Act granting an exemption from section 12(d)(1) of the Act; (c) sections 6(c) and 17(b) of the Act granting an exemption from sections 17(a)(1), 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Act; and (d) section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act to permit certain joint arrangements. The requested order would amend the Rate Conditions in the Prior Order and grant applicants an exemption from section 17(a)(2) of the Act.
7. As noted previously, applicants state that their business purposes and operational preferences over time have made inclusion of the OTD Rate in calculation of the IFL Rate unnecessary. Applicants state further that the IFL Rate, as amended, would make it more likely that lending Funds would receive a market rate of return in excess of other market alternatives and that borrowing Funds would not be harmed because they would only participate in the IFL Program if the IFL Rate is lower than the lowest quoted bank loan rate. Applicants state that the Rate Conditions will prove to be a more efficient means for achieving savings to the Funds in connection with their routine daily cash management activities and for providing Funds with alternative sources of liquidity in times of substantial net redemption activity.
8. Applicants also state that the IFL Program, as modified by the Rate Conditions, will not involve any potential that one Fund might receive a preferential interest rate to the disadvantage of another Fund. Applicants state that under the IFL Program, as modified by the Rate Conditions, rates will be set under a pre-established formula, approved by the Fund Boards. Applicants state that all Funds participating in the IFL Program, as revised by the Rate Conditions, on any given day will receive the same interest rate.
9. Applicants therefore submit that the modifications to the Rate Conditions are necessary or appropriate in the public interest, consistent with the protection of investors and the policy and provisions of the Act, and meet the standards set forth in sections 6(c), 12(d)(1)(J), 17(b) and 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act. Applicants represent that the transactions conducted subject to the Rate Conditions would be reasonable and fair, would not involve overreaching, and would be consistent with the investment policies of the Funds and with the general purposes of the Act. Applicants submit further that each Fund's participation in the IFL Program would be consistent with the provisions, policies and purposes of the Act, and would be on a basis which is no different from, or less advantageous than that of any other participant.
Applicants' Conditions
Applicants agree that any order of the Commission granting the requested relief will be subject to the following conditions:
1. The IFL Rate to be charged to the Funds under the IFL Program will be the average of: (a) the FICASH Rate and (b) the Benchmark Rate.
2. On each business day, the Cash Management Services Department (“Cash Management Department”) of Fidelity Service Company, Inc. will compare the IFL Rate calculated as provided in condition 1 with the FICASH Rate that day and all short-term borrowing rates quoted to any of the Funds by any bank with which any Fund has a loan agreement. At least three such quotations will be obtained each day in which any Fund borrows through the IFL Program prior to such borrowing. The Cash Management Department will make cash available for interfund loans only if the IFL Rate is more favorable to the lending Fund than the FICASH Rate and more favorable to the borrowing Fund than the lowest quoted bank loan rate.
3. If a Fund has outstanding borrowings, any interfund loans to the Fund (i) will be at an interest rate equal to or lower than any outstanding bank loan, (ii) will be secured at least on an equal priority basis with at least an equivalent percentage of collateral to loan value as any outstanding bank loan that requires collateral, (iii) will have a maturity no longer than any outstanding bank loan (and in any event not over seven days), and (iv) will provide that, if an event of default by the Fund occurs under any agreement evidencing an outstanding bank loan to the Fund, that event of default will automatically (without need for action or notice by the lending Fund) constitute an immediate event of default under the interfund  loan agreement entitling the lending Fund to call the loan (and exercise all rights with respect to any collateral) and that such call will be made if the lending bank exercises its right to call its loan under its agreement with the borrowing Fund.
4. A Fund may make an unsecured borrowing through the IFL Program if its outstanding borrowings from all sources immediately after the interfund borrowing total 10% or less of its total assets, provided that if the Fund has a secured loan outstanding from any other lender, including but not limited to another Fund, the Fund's interfund borrowing will be secured on at least an equal priority basis with at least an equivalent percentage of collateral to loan value as any outstanding loan that requires collateral. If a Fund's total outstanding borrowings immediately after an interfund borrowing would be greater than 10% of its total assets, the Fund may borrow through the IFL Program only on a secured basis. A Fund could not borrow through the IFL Program or from any other source if its total outstanding borrowings immediately after the interfund borrowing would be more than 331/3% of its total assets.
5. Before any Fund that has outstanding interfund borrowings may, through additional borrowings, cause its outstanding borrowings from all sources to exceed 10% of its total assets, the Fund must first secure each outstanding interfund loan by the pledge of segregated collateral with a market value at least equal to 102% of the outstanding principal value of the loan. If the total outstanding borrowings of a Fund with outstanding interfund loans exceed 10% of its total assets for any other reason (such as a decline in net asset value or because of shareholder redemptions), the Fund will within one business day thereafter (i) repay all its outstanding interfund loans, (ii) reduce its outstanding indebtedness to 10% or less of its total assets, or (iii) secure each outstanding interfund loan by the pledge of segregated collateral with a market value at least equal to 102% of the outstanding principal value of the loan until the Fund's total outstanding borrowings cease to exceed 10% of its total assets, at which time the collateral called for by this condition shall no longer be required. Until each interfund loan that is outstanding at any time that a Fund's total outstanding borrowings exceed 10% is repaid or the Fund's total outstanding borrowings cease to exceed 10% of its total assets, the Fund will mark the value of the collateral to market each day and will pledge such additional collateral as is necessary to maintain the market value of the collateral that secures each outstanding interfund loan at least equal to 102% of the outstanding principal value of the interfund loan.
6. No Fund may lend to another Fund through the IFL Program if the loan would cause its aggregate outstanding loans through the IFL Program to exceed 15% of the lending Fund's current net assets at the time of the loan.
7. A Fund's interfund loans to any one Fund shall not exceed 5% of the lending Fund's net assets.
8. The duration of interfund loans will be limited to the time required to receive payment for securities sold, but in no event more than seven days. Loans effected within seven days of each other will be treated as separate loan transactions for purposes of this condition.
9. Each interfund loan may be called on one business day's notice by a lending Fund and may be repaid on any day by a borrowing Fund.
10. A Fund's participation in the IFL Program must be consistent with its investment objectives and limitations and organizational documents. No Fund may borrow through the IFL Program unless the Fund has a fundamental policy that prevents the Fund from borrowing for other than temporary or emergency purposes (and not for leveraging), except that certain Funds may engage in reverse repurchase agreements for any purpose.
11. The Cash Management Department will calculate total Fund borrowing and lending demand through the IFL Program, and allocate loans on an equitable basis among the Funds, without the intervention of any portfolio manager of the Funds. The Cash Management Department will not solicit cash for the IFL Program from any Fund or prospectively publish or disseminate loan demand data to portfolio managers. Cash amounts remaining after satisfaction of borrowing demand will be invested in FICASH, or in shares of one or more money market funds that are advised by FMR Co. or another FMR entity, or will be returned to be invested directly by the portfolio managers of the Funds.
12. FMR will monitor the IFL Rate and the other terms and conditions of the interfund loans and will make a quarterly report to the Fund Boards concerning the participation of the Funds in the IFL Program and the terms and other conditions of any extensions of credit under the IFL Program.
13. Each Fund Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, will: 
(a) Review, no less frequently than quarterly, each Fund's participation in the IFL Program during the preceding quarter for compliance with the conditions of any order permitting such transactions, 
(b) Establish the Benchmark Rate formula used to determine the interest rate on interfund loans, and review, no less frequently than annually, the continuing appropriateness of the Benchmark Rate formula, and 
(c) Review, no less frequently than annually, the continuing appropriateness of each Fund's participation in the IFL Program.
14. In the event an interfund loan is not paid according to its terms and such default is not cured within two business days from its maturity or from the time the lending Fund makes a demand for payment under the provisions of the interfund loan agreement, FMR will promptly refer such loan for arbitration to an independent arbitrator selected by each Fund Board involved in the loan who will serve as arbitrator of disputes concerning interfund loans.[4] 
           The arbitrator will resolve any problem promptly, and the arbitrator's decision will be binding on both Funds. The arbitrator will submit, at least annually, a written report to the Fund Boards setting forth a description of the nature of any dispute and the actions taken by the Funds to resolve the dispute.
15. Each Fund will maintain and preserve, for a period of not less than six years from the end of the fiscal year in which any transaction by it under the IFL Program occurred, the first two years in an easily accessible place, written records of all such transactions setting forth a description of the terms of the transactions, including the amount, the maturity and the IFL Rate, the rate of interest available at the time on overnight repurchase agreements and commercial bank borrowings, and such other information presented to the Fund's respective Fund Board in connection with the review required by conditions 12 and 13.
16. Each Fund's independent auditors, in connection with their audit examination of the Fund, will review the operation of the IFL Program for compliance with the conditions of the application and their review will form the basis, in part, of the auditor's report on internal accounting controls in Form N-SAR. Applicants will report on the operations of the IFL Program at the Fund Board meetings on a quarterly basis. 

17. No Fund will be permitted to participate in the IFL Program unless the Fund has fully disclosed in its prospectus and/or statement of additional information all material facts about its intended participation.

 
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, under delegated authority.
Kevin O'Neill,
Deputy Secretary.
 

 
Footnotes

1.
     Colchester Street Trust, et al., Investment Company Act Release Nos. 24563 (Jul. 24, 2000) (notice) and 24602 (Aug. 21, 2000) (“Prior Order”), amending, Colchester Street Trust, et al., Investment Company Act Release Nos. 23787 (Apr. 15, 1999) (notice) and 23831 (May 11, 1999) (order), superseding, Daily Money Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Release Nos. 17257 (Dec. 8, 1989) (notice) and 17303 (Jan. 11, 1990) (order).

        Back to Citation
      


2.
     All existing investment companies or series thereof advised by FMR that are currently participating in the IFL Program have been named as applicants (included in the term “Funds”). Any other existing or future investment companies or series thereof advised by FMR that rely on the order will comply with the terms and conditions of the application.

        Back to Citation
      


3.
     FICASH is one or more joint accounts that were established pursuant to Commission orders to enable the Funds to invest in certain repurchase agreements. See Daily Money Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Release Nos. 19594 (Jul. 26, 1993) (notice) and 19647 (Aug. 23, 1993) (order), amending, Daily Money Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Release Nos. 11962 (Sep. 29, 1981) (notice) and 12061 (Nov. 27, 1981) (order).

        Back to Citation
      


4.
     If the dispute involves Funds with different Fund Boards, the respective Fund Board will select an independent arbitrator that is satisfactory to each Fund.

        Back to Citation
      


[FR Doc. 2012-27494 Filed 11-9-12; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  












