


Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 

   Fidelity Investments - Retirement, Funds, and Online Trading                                                           Need Help?    Open an Account     Open an Account   Log Out              Achieve more when you pay less   With no annual fees, and some of the most competitive prices in the industry, we help your money go further.   Find out more                       Why invest with Fidelity   Planning and advice  From complex wealth management to your retirement needs, we can help you with financial planning.   Straightforward pricing  With low minimums, no annual account fees, and competitive prices, we can help your money go further.   Robust investing tools  Get easy-to-use tools and the latest professional insights from our team of specialists.            Get your retirement score in 60 seconds Knowing where you stand is crucial. Use this tool to see how prepared you are for retirement, and what steps you may need to work on.  Get your score now        Comprehensive wealth planning Get tailored strategies from a dedicated team to help preserve and grow your wealth, create a charitable legacy, plan for retirement, and more.        Our straightforward and transparent offerings  Value Tools & Guidance Service    Value       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Vanguard     Online U.S. equity and option trades $4.95* $6.95 $4.95 $7–$20   Online options (per contract rate) $0.65 $0.75 $0.65 $1.00   Lowest margin rates† 4.25% 6.50% 6.00% 5.25%   Leader in displaying price improvement on trades  -- -- --   In-depth research from 20+ independent providers  -- -- --   Buy the most commission-free iShares® ETFs online 70 47 0 0     Table compares pricing for retail investors.  Tools & Guidance       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     See how you're tracking against your retirement goals with a tool that provides your retirement score in just 60 seconds   The Fidelity Retirement ScoreSM  -- -- --   Manage entry and exit trading strategies using 10 pieces of information in 1 easy-to-use tool   Trade Armor® --  -- --   Access to an online service that guides you through the estate planning process and helps you identify an attorney   Fidelity Estate PlannerSM -- -- -- --   Get a wide range of wealth planning & management services tailored to your individual goals          Service       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     Reps available 24/7    -- --   National branch network     --   Reimbursement for unauthorized activity                    Best Online Broker 2016, 2017    Best Overall Online Broker 5-time winner    Top Online Brokerage Firm 2015, 2016 & 2017     Review Fidelity Brokerage Services with FINRA's BrokerCheck              Whatever you're investing for, we can help Whether you need a trading account, or a Rollover, Traditional, or Roth IRA—it only takes a few minutes to open an account.  Open an Account            Learn more about our highly rated accounts  Trading with our  Brokerage Account  4.3 Stars Saving for retirement  with our Rollover IRA  4.3 Stars Simplifying with our  Cash Management Account  4.1 Stars    See ratings for all products and services           Get insights from our experts       Roth IRA conversions  Before converting an IRA to a Roth IRA, consider these strategies.       Q3 sector report  Industrials, Tech, and other cyclicals may benefit from recent trends.       Kids and taxes  Do you know the tax implications if your child has income?      See all Fidelity Viewpoints® articles         Sign up for Fidelity Viewpoints®  Get a weekly email of our pros' current thinking about financial markets, investing strategies, and personal finance.     First Name       Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte   First name is required.   First name can not exceed 30 characters.   Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte        Last Name       Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.   Last name is required.   Last name can not exceed 60 characters.   Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.        Email       Enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.   Email is required.   Email address must be 5 characters at minimum.   Email address can not exceed 100 characters.   Please enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.        Subscribe         Thank you for subscribing.   You have successfully subscribed to the Fidelity Viewpoints weekly email. You should begin receiving the email in 7–10 business days.   We were unable to process your request.   Please Click Here to go to Viewpoints signup page.                                                                 DJIA information currently unavailable                    NASDAQ information currently unavailable                    S&P 500 information currently unavailable      Your Today’s Markets information is currently unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.        We're here to help—however and whenever you need it No matter what financial questions you have, we're here to work with you on your terms.    Questions?  800-343-3548    Chat with a  representative    Find an Investor  Center        Other Fidelity Sites:   For Individuals For Employers For Investment Professionals               Terms of Use  Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal).   * Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 5/26/2017, for TD Ameritrade, Schwab and Vanguard for online U.S. equity trades. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. For Vanguard, commissions based on assets in Vanguard funds: Less than $50,000, first 25 trades $7.00, subsequent trades $20.00, those with assets starting at $50,000 or more in Vanguard funds may be eligible for a free trades and subsequent trades for as low as $2.00 per trade. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider's website for any additional information and restrictions.   † 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%   Trade Armor is a part of Active Trader Pro®. Active Trader Pro is automatically made available to brokerage account customers trading 36 times or more in a rolling 12-month period. If you do not meet the eligibility criteria, please contact Active Trader Services at 1-800-564-0211 to request access.   Based on data from IHS Markit for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders executed at Fidelity from April 1, 2016, to March 31, 2017. The comparison is based on an analysis of price statistics that include market orders and marketable limit orders of 100–1,999 shares. Price improvement examples are based on averages, and any price improvement amounts related to your trades will depend on the particulars of your specific trade. Fidelity's average retail order size for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders (100–9999 shares) during this time period was 1,093 shares.   ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.   Price improvement details provided for certain domestic stock and single-leg option orders entered during market hours after the primary opening, provided there is a National Best Bid and Offer (NBBO) at the time the order is placed. Price improvement details are provided for informational purposes only and are not used for regulatory reporting purposes. See Fidelity.com for more details.   Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade's $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade's commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.   IMPORTANT: The projections or other information generated by Fidelity Retirement Score regarding the likelihood of various investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature, do not reflect actual investment results, and are not guarantees of future results. Results may vary with each use and over time.   The Fidelity Retirement Score is a hypothetical illustration and does not represent your individual situation or the investment results of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is not a guarantee of future results. Your score does not consider the composition of current savings and other factors.   Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts.   Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.   There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.   System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.   Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.   Ratings based on 1,131 reviews for Brokerage Account, 886 reviews for Rollover IRA Account and 1,186 reviews for Cash Management Account, 12/21/16.   The initial customer ratings and reviews for this product (those dated before 12/21/2016) were provided to Fidelity through an email solicitation for feedback on the product. All ratings and reviews are provided to Fidelity on a voluntary basis and are screened in accordance with the guidelines set forth in our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. For additional information on which ratings and reviews may be posted, please refer to our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. Featured reviews have been selected based on subjective criteria and have been reviewed by Fidelity Investments. The average rating is determined by calculating the mathematical average of all ratings that are approved for posting per the Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use, and does not include any ratings that did not meet the guidelines and were therefore not posted). Ratings and reviews are added continuously to the Web site (after a delay for screening against guidelines), and average ratings are updated dynamically as reviews are added or removed.   The ratings and experiences of customers may not be representative of the experiences of all customers or investors and are not indicative of future success. The accuracy of information included in the customer ratings and reviews cannot be guaranteed by Fidelity Investments. Customers who post ratings may be responsible for disclosing whether they have a financial interest or conflict in submitting a rating or review.   Please contact a Fidelity representative if you have any questions or concerns about the ratings and reviews posted here.   Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.   Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917    782377.13.0             Mutual Funds   ETFs   Fixed Income   Bonds   CDs   Options  Active Trader Pro    Stocks   Online Trading   Annuities   Life Insurance & Long Term Care  Small Business Retirement Plans    IRAs   Retirement Products   Retirement Planning   529 Plans  FINRA's BrokerCheck Guest Access       Stay Connected      Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code          Please enter a valid ZIP code              Facebook      Twitter      LinkedIn      Google+      YouTube      Fidelity Mobile®              Careers   News Releases   About Fidelity   International       Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.   Terms of Use   Privacy   Security   Site Map  Accessibility  This is for persons in the U.S. only.               close     For Individuals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information on workplace savings and charitable programs. 401(k) Participants & Employees of Corporations 403(b) & 457(b) Participants & Employees of Non-profits Other Workplace Benefits (NetBenefits®) Fidelity Charitable MyMoney           close     For Employers       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information for employers interested in workplace or institutional investing. Workplace Investing Fidelity Institutional Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ Designated Brokerage Services Fidelity Health Marketplace℠           close     For Investment Professionals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer professionals investment‐related resources. Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ RIAs, TPAs, Trust Institutions Broker-Dealers Family Offices Hedge Fund Managers Capital Markets           close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA       Open a Roth IRA           Open a Traditional IRA               Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account       Open a Cash Management Account           Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA      Open Now  Open a Roth IRA          Open Now  Open a Traditional IRA          Open Now        Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account      Open Now  Open a Cash Management Account          Open Now  Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Rollover IRA Open Now   Roth IRA Open Now   Traditional IRA Open Now    Investing & Savings  Brokerage Account Open Now   Cash Management Account Open Now   Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA    Open a Roth IRA    Open a Traditional IRA    Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account    Open a Cash Management Account    Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts                  



Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 





Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking - Barron's










































































 







 


 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Best Online Brokers

Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking
Fidelity takes the top spot, with Interactive Brokers and TD Ameritrade right on its heels


 







By

Theresa W. Carey

 Biography




 




March 18, 2017


The bull market is on sale for online brokerage customers. In the run-up to our 22nd annual ranking of Barron’s Best Online Brokers, two developments topped all others: The three major indexes—the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500, and the Nasdaq Composite—all set record highs, and six brokers slashed commissions and other fees. At the 16 brokers we reviewed this year, the average monthly cost of trading for an occasional investor had fallen 25% since early 2016, to $47.51 from $63.45. That means...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 


 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It seeks to invest in municipal money market securities of Michigan whose interest is exempt from federal and Michigan personal income taxes. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity Municip...
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It seeks to invest in municipal money market securities of Michigan whose interest is exempt from federal and Michigan personal income taxes. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Michigan Municipal Money Market Portfolio. Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund was formed on January 12, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1990



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316201508







Key Executives for Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund




Ms. Christine Reynolds


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. John R. Hebble


      	President & Treasurer of Fidelity's Fixed Income Fund & Fidelity's Asset Allocation Fund
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Scott C. Goebel J.D.


      	Chief Legal Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Gary W. Ryan


      	Assistant Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Bryan A. Mehrmann


      	Deputy Treasurer
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund Key Developments

Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016
Oct 2 15
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016, at 08:30 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: One Spartan Way Merrimack, NH 03054 United States Agenda: To consider the election of board of directors of the company.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316201508.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It seeks to invest in municipal money market securities of Ohio whose interest is exempt from federal and Ohio personal income taxes. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity Municipal Trust II ...
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in money market securities. It seeks to invest in municipal money market securities of Ohio whose interest is exempt from federal and Ohio personal income taxes. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Ohio Municipal Money Market Portfolio. Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund was formed on August 29, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1989



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316203108







Key Executives for Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund




Mr. Mike J. Marchese J.D.


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund Key Developments

Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016
Oct 2 15
Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016, at 08:30 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: One Spartan Way Merrimack, NH 03054 United States Agenda: To consider the election of board of trustees of the company.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity Municipal Trust II - Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316203108.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











FIDELITY NEW YORK MUNICIPAL TRUST II - WILMINGTON, DE - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DE



WILMINGTON



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            FIDELITY NEW YORK MUNICIPAL TRUST II
                                    



 





















F 


FIDELITY NEW YORK MUNICIPAL TRUST II
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



 WILMINGTON, DE 19801
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $99,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















FIDELITY MUNICIPAL TRUST II - BOSTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



BOSTON



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            FIDELITY MUNICIPAL TRUST II
                                    



 





















F 


FIDELITY MUNICIPAL TRUST II
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



82 DEVONSHIRE ST BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fidelity Municipal Trust Ii was founded in 2006. Fidelity Municipal Trust Ii specializes in Management Investment, Open-end. Fidelity Municipal Trust Ii has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $160,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














