


Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 












 





 FIDELITY CALIFORNIA MUNICIPAL TRUST (Form: DEFA14A, Received: 07/24/1997 16:19:08) 











SPARTAN(registered trademark) CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND


Telephone Voting Script

Introduction



HELLO, MR./MS. (SHAREHOLDER).  MY NAME IS ___________.  I AM CALLING ON
BEHALF OF FIDELITY INVESTMENTS FOLLOWING UP ON A RECENT FEDERAL EXPRESS
PACKAGE THEY SENT YOU REGARDING THE SPARTAN CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE
MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND.  I'M ASSISTING FIDELITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROXY
VOTE TO APPROVE AN IMPORTANT PROPOSAL THAT AFFECTS YOUR FUND.   I AM
CALLING YOU TO FOLLOW UP ON THE FEDERAL EXPRESS PACKAGE.

Q.  HAVE YOU RECEIVED THE FEDERAL EXPRESS PACKAGE?
If NO: Confirm shareholder's address for the purpose of sending proxy
materials.


Q:  COULD I PLEASE CONFIRM YOUR ADDRESS FOR THE PURPOSE OF SENDING PROXY
MATERIALS TO YOU VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS?


(If address is incorrect, please write down correct address at end of
script under "Comments" and forward to Fidelity.)
Tell the shareholder that a new package will be overnighted to him/her.
Ask the shareholder to review the material upon receipt and reconsider
his/her vote to abstain.  Fidelity will provide a Federal Express envelope
to speed the return of his/her signed proxy.  The customer will need to
call Federal Express, which will pick up the envelope at his/her
location.  There is no charge for either the phone call or the pick-up.
Inform the shareholder that if he/she wishes to vote by fax or by
telephone, he/she may do so.  Thank the shareholder for his/her time.  (End
phone call.)

I WILL HAVE A NEW PROXY PACKAGE OVERNIGHTED TO YOU VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS.
PLEASE REVIEW THE MATERIAL WHEN YOU RECEIVE IT.  THE FEDERAL EXPRESS
PACKAGE INCLUDES A LETTER FROM FIDELITY THAT ASKS YOU TO RECONSIDER YOUR
VOTE TO ABSTAIN. YOU MAY NOT BE AWARE THAT A VOTE TO ABSTAIN HAS THE SAME
EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST A PROPOSAL.  THEREFORE, FIDELITY WOULD LIKE YOU TO
RECONSIDER YOUR VOTE TO ABSTAIN AND VOTE EITHER "YES" OR "NO" FOR THE
PROPOSAL.

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE YOUR VOTE, THERE ARE SEVERAL OPTIONS.  YOU CAN
VOTE BY TELEPHONE, BY FAX OR BY RETURNING THE FEDERAL EXPRESS ENVELOPE THAT
FIDELITY WILL PROVIDE.  FEDERAL EXPRESS WILL PICK UP THE ENVELOPE AT YOUR
LOCATION.  THERE IS NO CHARGE FOR EITHER THE PHONE CALL OR THE PICK-UP.
PLEASE RESPOND PROMPTLY WHEN YOU RECEIVE THE PACKAGE TO ENSURE THAT YOUR
VOTE IS RECEIVED BEFORE THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING ON AUGUST 4TH. THANK YOU
FOR YOUR TIME THIS AFTERNOON/EVENING.  (End call.)
If YES: Q:  HAVE YOU REVIEWED THE MATERIAL?
If NO: PLEASE REVIEW THE MATERIAL AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE.
SPECIFICALLY, PLEASE REVIEW THE LETTER FROM FIDELITY THAT ASKS YOU TO
RECONSIDER YOUR VOTE TO ABSTAIN. YOU MAY NOT BE AWARE THAT A VOTE TO
ABSTAIN HAS THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST A PROPOSAL.  THEREFORE,
FIDELITY WOULD LIKE YOU TO RECONSIDER YOUR VOTE TO ABSTAIN AND VOTE EITHER
"YES" OR "NO" FOR THE PROPOSAL.

IF YOU WISH TO CHANGE YOUR VOTE, YOU MAY DO SO VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS, FAX OR
A SIMPLE PHONE CALL TO D.F.KING.  PLEASE REPLY PROMPTLY SO THAT YOUR VOTE
CAN BE COUNTED IN ADVANCE OF THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING SCHEDULED FOR AUGUST
4TH.


If shareholder sounds hostile:

Thank the shareholder for his/her time. (End call.)



THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME THIS EVENING. (End call.)




If YES: Only answer questions using the proxy material.  (See attached list
of approved Q&A).  (DO NOT GUESS).  If the shareholder has questions that
are account-specific or outside the scope of the proxy statement or if
he/she would like to discuss reasons for changing his/her vote, ask if
he/she would like to have a senior executive at Fidelity call to discuss
the proposal and answer any questions.  Ask whether morning or afternoon is
preferable and note the issues and phone number on the log sheet.

If YES: Q. DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?

[Are questions outside scope of proxy statement?]
If YES: ALTHOUGH I CANNOT ANSWER THAT QUESTION, WOULD YOU LIKE TO HAVE A
SENIOR EXECUTIVE AT FIDELITY CALL YOU BACK?  I CAN ARRANGE TO HAVE SOMEONE
CALL YOU TO DISCUSS THE PROPOSAL AND ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE.
WOULD MORNING OR AFTERNOON BE A BETTER TIME FOR FIDELITY TO CONTACT YOU?
Note:  If shareholder does not want to speak to Fidelity, thank shareholder
and end call.

WE APPRECIATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS IMPORTANT PROXY VOTE FOR YOUR
FUND.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.  (end call)
If No More Questions:  If the shareholder has no more questions, ask if
he/she would like to reconsider his/her vote.  Offer the shareholder the
opportunity to vote by telephone.  Let the shareholder know that you will
be recording the next part of the call, to ensure accuracy in his/her vote.
Confirm the shareholder's identity by having him/her repeat his/her full
name, address and the last 4 digits of his/her social security number.
Record the shareholder's vote on the proposal.

-  Inform the shareholder that a confirmation letter will be sent to
him/her, with a phone number to call if an error was
made in recording his/her vote.  Thank the shareholder for his/her time,
and end the call.


Q.  The letter in the Federal Express package from Fidelity asks you to
reconsider your vote to abstain.  Would you like to reconsider your vote to
abstain and vote either "YES" or "NO" for the proposal?
If NO: WE APPRECIATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS IMPORTANT PROXY VOTE FOR
YOUR FUND.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.  (end call)
If YES:  TO FACILITATE YOUR VOTING OF THE PROXY, YOU CAN VOTE BY TELEPHONE.
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE, THE NEXT PART OF OUR CALL WILL BE
RECORDED.  THIS IS TO ENSURE ACCURACY OF YOUR VOTE.  ALSO, WE WILL BE
SENDING YOU A CONFIRMATION LETTER FOR YOUR RECORDS WITH A PHONE NUMBER TO
CALL IN CASE ANY ERROR WAS MADE IN RECORDING YOUR VOTE.

Q.  WOULD YOU LIKE TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE?
If NO: WE APPRECIATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS IMPORTANT PROXY VOTE FOR
YOUR FUND.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.  (end call)
If YES: Confirm the shareholder's identity by having him/her repeat their
full name, address and the last 4 digits of his/her social security number.
Record the shareholder's vote on the proposal.

Q.  COULD I PLEASE HAVE THE LAST FOUR DIGITS OF YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY
NUMBER?  (If it doesn't match, ask for the last four digits of the social
security number on the account.)
(If customer does not feel comfortable giving any part of his/her social
security number, empathize and say that we require identification through
this method to take a vote over the phone.  If the customer is still
uncomfortable, explain that while you cannot take the vote over the phone,
they can vote by returning the signed proxy card by Federal Express.)
I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE GIVING PART OF YOUR SOCIAL
SECURITY NUMBER OVER THE PHONE.  IT IS PART OF OUR REQUIRED PROCEDURES,
HOWEVER, TO ENSURE PROPER IDENTIFICATION BEFORE WE TAKE ANY VOTES OVER THE
PHONE.  IS THIS OK WITH YOU?  (If customer agrees, proceed with vote. If
customer doesn't agree, thank him for his/her time and end call.)


DOES NOT AGREE TO GIVE LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SSN:  UNFORTUNATELY, I WILL NOT
BE ABLE TO TAKE YOUR VOTE OVER THE PHONE.  AT YOUR EARLIEST CONVENIENCE,
PLEASE REVIEW THE LETTER FROM FIDELITY AND VOTE YOUR SHARES BY SIGNING,
DATING AND MAILING THE PROXY CARD IN THE FEDERAL EXPRESS ENVELOPE PROVIDED.

If NO: WE APPRECIATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS IMPORTANT PROXY VOTE FOR
YOUR FUND.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.  (end call)
AGREES TO GIVE LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SSN:




IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO VOTE BY TELEPHONE, I WILL READ YOU THE PROPOSAL AND
ASK YOU WHETHER YOU VOTE "FOR" OR "AGAINST" THE PROPOSAL:  (Note that their
current vote is "Abstain" )

THE MERGER PROPOSAL IS: "TO APPROVE AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
REORGANIZATION BETWEEN SPARTAN CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME
FUND AND FIDELITY CALIFORNIA MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND."
DO YOU VOTE "FOR" OR "AGAINST" ?

THANK YOU.  AS I MENTIONED, I'LL BE SURE TO SEND A CONFIRMATION OF YOUR
VOTE TO YOU BY MAIL.   THANKS FOR YOUR TIME THIS EVENING. (End call.)



SPARTAN(registered trademark) CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND
FAX INSTRUCTIONS


[For customers who would like to fax their vote to the proxy tabulator:]





IF YOU WOULD LIKE, YOU CAN FAX YOUR SIGNED PROXY CARD TO THE PROXY
TABULATOR.  THE FAX NUMBER IS 1-888-451-8683.  IF YOU CHOOSE TO FAX, PLEASE
FAX BOTH THE FRONT AND BACK OF YOUR CARD.



SPARTAN(registered trademark) CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND

Script for Leaving a Message on an Answering Machine


HELLO, MR./MS. (SHAREHOLDER).  MY NAME IS ___________.  I AM CALLING ON
BEHALF OF FIDELITY INVESTMENTS FOLLOWING UP ON A RECENT PROXY MAILING THEY

SENT YOU VIA FEDERAL EXPRESS REGARDING THE SPARTAN(registered trademark)

CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND.  WE ARE ASSISTING FIDELITY
IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROXY VOTE TO APPROVE AN IMPORTANT PROPOSAL THAT
AFFECTS YOUR FUND.

IN THE MATERIALS PROVIDED BY FIDELITY, THERE IS A LETTER THAT ASKS YOU TO
RECONSIDER YOUR VOTE TO "ABSTAIN".  YOU MAY NOT BE AWARE THAT A VOTE TO
"ABSTAIN" HAS THE SAME EFFECT AS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL.   IF YOU
WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE YOUR VOTE, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE PROXY CARD
IN THE FEDERAL EXPRESS ENVELOPE PROVIDED TO YOU.  IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
ABOUT THE PROPOSAL OR DID NOT RECEIVE THE FEDERAL EXPRESS PACKAGE, PLEASE
CALL D.F. KING AT 1-800-628-8538.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.



SPARTAN(registered trademark) CALIFORNIA INTERMEDIATE MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND
LOG SHEET


Date__________________

DF King Rep_________________

Address Correction

Social Security No.  (record from database; do not ask
shareholder)________________

Shareholder Name_______________________________________________________
Street Address _________________________________________________________
City_________________________State_____________Zip Code_________________
Materials to Be Sent

Proxy Card Only ________

Full Proxy Kit  __________

Comments


Notable Shareholder Response____________________________________________






Issues/Best Time to

Call____________________________________________________






Was Shareholder Transferred to Fidelity Representative?
Yes_______No________

Fidelity to contact this shareholder?  (List issues above)
Yes_______No________


Q&A FOR SPARTAN CA INTERMEDIATE

WHAT PROPOSALS AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE ON?


(solid bullet) (solid bullet)As a shareholder in Spartan California
Intermediate Municipal Income Fund, you are being asked to reconsider your
vote to abstain on the proposal: To approve a merger of Spartan California
Intermediate Municipal Income Fund into Fidelity California Municipal
Income Fund. (Proposal 2)

There are also separate proposals to approve mergers of Spartan California
Municipal Income Fund into Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund and
Fidelity California Insured Municipal Income Fund into Fidelity California
Municipal Income Fund.

Shareholders of each fund vote separately on the merger proposals.  It will
not be necessary for all three proposals to be approved for any one of them
to take place.

WHAT IS THE REASON FOR AND ADVANTAGES OF THESE MERGERS?
Fidelity believes it can offer you a simpler and more efficient California
product line if the funds are combined.  Shareholders would benefit from
the more efficient product line through lower expenses, guaranteed for more
than two years.

I ALREADY VOTED.  WHY ARE YOU CALLING ME?
Fidelity would like to ask you to reconsider your vote to abstain.  You may
not be aware that a vote to abstain has the same effect as a vote against a
proposal.  Therefore, Fidelity would like you to reconsider your vote to
abstain and vote either "Yes" or "No" for the proposal.

WHAT IS THE IMPACT OF A VOTE TO ABSTAIN?
You may not be aware that a vote to abstain has the same effect as a vote
against a proposal.  Therefore, Fidelity would like you to reconsider your
vote to abstain and vote either "Yes" or "No" for the proposal.
(solid bullet) (solid bullet)If you vote "YES", you will be voting in favor
of the merger and expense reduction.

(solid bullet) (solid bullet)If you vote "NO" or "ABSTAIN", you will be
voting against the merger and expense reduction.

WHAT ARE THE MAIN REASONS I SHOULD CHANGE MY VOTE TO ABSTAIN?
(solid bullet) (solid bullet)The proposed merger will result in lower
expenses.  If shareholders approve the merger, the combined fund will
reduce its total expenses from 0.55% to 0.53% of average net assets,
guaranteed through December 31, 1999. The Board of Trustees of Spartan CA
Intermediate believes that the proposed merger is in the best interests of
shareholders.

(solid bullet) (solid bullet)The proposed merger is part of a wider
strategy by Fidelity to reduce the number of municipal bond funds it
manages.  Spartan CA Intermediate is one of the smaller municipal bond
funds we manage.  Combining it into a larger fund will allow Fidelity to
concentrate on a single, broad-based investment discipline for California
investors, and deliver lower operating expenses as well.  Fidelity CA
Income generally invests in securities with somewhat longer maturities than
Spartan CA Intermediate, and therefore, its share price may fluctuate more
in response to changes in interest rates.

CAN I DISCUSS THE MERGER PROPOSAL WITH SOMEONE IN FIDELITY MANAGEMENT?
Yes.  We can arrange to have a senior executive at Fidelity contact you to
discuss the proposal and answer any questions you may have.

DO THE FUNDS BEING MERGED HAVE SIMILAR INVESTMENT POLICIES?
Both funds are California municipal bond funds that seek double tax-free
income for California residents.  Generally speaking, Fidelity CA Income
has a broader investment mandate than Spartan CA Intermediate.
(solid bullet) (solid bullet)SPARTAN CA INTERMEDIATE maintains a shorter
average maturity and has less interest rate sensitivity than Fidelity CA
Income.  Fidelity CA Income generally invests in securities with somewhat
longer maturities than Spartan CA Intermediate, and therefore, its share
price may fluctuate more in response to changes in interest rates.



WHO IS THE FUND MANAGER FOR THESE FUNDS?


Jonathan Short currently manages both funds and is expected to manage the
combined fund.

HOW DO THE EXPENSE STRUCTURES AND FEES OF THE FUNDS COMPARE?
Both funds currently have the same expenses, equal to 0.55% of their
average net assets per year.

Although the funds' expenses are currently the same, they have different
contracts with Fidelity. SPARTAN CA INTERMEDIATE pays an "all-inclusive"
management fee to Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) at a rate of
0.55% of average net assets which covers substantially all fund expenses.
FIDELITY CA INCOME has an expense structure that charges separately for
management fees and other operating expenses.  As of April 1, 1997, FMR has
voluntarily agreed to reimburse the fund to the extent that the total
operating expenses exceed 0.55% of average net assets.

If the merger is approved, the combined fund will retain Fidelity CA
Income's current expense structure.  However, FMR has agreed to limit the
combined fund's expenses to 0.53% of average net assets through December
31, 1999.  This represents an expense reduction of 0.02% of the fund's
average net assets per year.  After that date, the combined fund's expenses
could increase.

WHAT WILL BE THE NAME OF THE SURVIVING FUND AFTER THE MERGERS ARE COMPLETE?
Upon approval of the Spartan CA Income merger, the combined fund's name
will be changed to Spartan California Municipal Income Fund.

WHAT HAPPENS IF THE PROPOSAL FOR MY FUND IS NOT APPROVED?
The meeting may be adjourned to permit further solicitation of proxy votes.

WHAT ARE THE FEDERAL TAX IMPLICATIONS OF THE MERGER?
The mergers will not be a taxable event (i.e., no gain or loss will be
recognized) to any of the funds or their shareholders.


WHAT WILL BE THE SIZE OF FIDELITY CA INCOME AFTER THE MERGER AND HOW HAS
THE FUND PERFORMED?


If all three merger proposals pass, the combined fund will have over $1
billion in assets.  For calendar year 1995, Fidelity CA Income returned
19.17% compared with 17.45% for the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index.
For calendar year 1996, Fidelity CA Income returned 4.76% compared with
4.43% for the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index.

For calendar year 1996, Spartan CA Intermediate returned 4.68% compared
with 4.43% for the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index.


HOW WILL YOU DETERMINE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF FIDELITY CA INCOME THAT I
WILL RECEIVE?


As of 4 P.M. Eastern Time on the Closing Date of each merger, shareholders
will receive the number of full and fractional shares of Fidelity CA Income
that is equal in value to the aggregate net asset value of their shares on
that date.  Closing Dates for each fund are listed below:

FUND     MERGES INTO    CLOSING DATE

Spartan CA Income    Fidelity CA Income   August 14, 1997
Spartan  CA Intermediate    Fidelity CA Income   August 21, 1997
Fidelity CA Insured   Fidelity CA Income   August 28, 1997
The Shareholder Meeting could be adjourned, or if other circumstances
arise, the Closing Dates may be adjusted.

WHAT IMPACT WILL THE MERGER HAVE ON THE SHARE PRICE OF FIDELITY CA INCOME?
The net asset value per share of Fidelity CA Income will not be changed by
the merger.

WHAT ARE MY OTHER INVESTMENT ALTERNATIVES?
Fidelity offers Spartan California Municipal Money Market, a money market
fund that invests in high quality, short-term municipal securities and
seeks current income exempt from federal and California state personal
income tax.  As a money market fund, it seeks to maintain a stable $1.00
net asset value.  The total return on Spartan California Municipal Money
Market Fund for calendar 1996 was 3.19%.

Additional California municipal bond funds are available through Fidelity
by calling FundsNetwork at 1-800-544-9697.


HOW DO I VOTE MY SHARES?


To Vote by Federal Express

To facilitate receiving your voted proxy as quickly as possible, we have
enclosed a proxy card. To cast your ballot, simply record your vote on the
proxy card.  You can mail your signed proxy card in the Federal Express
envelope provided.

To use this return envelope, call Federal Express at 1-800-238-5355 and
press "*" to arrange a pick-up.  Federal Express will pick up the envelope
at your location.  There is no charge to you for sending the overnight
package.

To Vote by Fax

Voting by fax is also quick and easy.  If you would like to vote by fax, be
sure to fax both the front and back of your signed proxy card.  The
toll-free fax number is 1-888-451-8683.

To Vote by Telephone

You also have the option of voting your shares by telephone.  If you would
like to vote by telephone, call D.F. King toll-free at 1-800-628-8538.
After verifying your identity, D.F. King can very quickly take your vote by
telephone.









Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 





Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking - Barron's










































































 







 


 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Best Online Brokers

Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking
Fidelity takes the top spot, with Interactive Brokers and TD Ameritrade right on its heels


 







By

Theresa W. Carey

 Biography




 




March 18, 2017


The bull market is on sale for online brokerage customers. In the run-up to our 22nd annual ranking of Barron’s Best Online Brokers, two developments topped all others: The three major indexes—the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500, and the Nasdaq Composite—all set record highs, and six brokers slashed commissions and other fees. At the 16 brokers we reviewed this year, the average monthly cost of trading for an occasional investor had fallen 25% since early 2016, to $47.51 from $63.45. That means...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 


 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Boeing: Capitulation Time Again


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 























Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:29 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in investment-grade municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal and California personal income taxes. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index and Lehma...
Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in investment-grade municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal and California personal income taxes. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index and Lehman Brothers CA Enhanced Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Spartan California Municipal Income Fund. Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund was formed on July 7, 1984 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316061209







Key Executives for Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund




Mr. John R. Hebble


      	President and Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Ms. Christine Reynolds


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Scott C. Goebel J.D.


      	Chief Legal Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Bryan A. Mehrmann


      	Deputy Treasurer
      


Age: 55
        







Ms. Stephanie J. Dorsey


      	Deputy Treasurer
      


Age: 48
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund Key Developments

Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Nov 18, 2015
Oct 2 15
Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Nov 18, 2015., at 08:30 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: One Spartan Way. Agenda: To consider the election of board of directors of the company.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity California Municipal Trust - Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316061209.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Fidelity California Municipal Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























fidelity california municipal trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Fidelity California Municipal Trust was founded in 2006. The company's line of business includes issuing shares, managing investment funds, and mutual fund sales.




Corporate Information
Address:

82 Devonshire St
Boston, MA 02109
United States


Phone:
1-617-563-7000


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Prospectus & Shareholder Reports: Fidelity Investments




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













Investment Products>
Mutual Funds














Mutual Funds




Fidelity Mutual Funds



Four- and Five- Star Fidelity Funds
Browse Fidelity Funds
Fidelity Daily Prices & Funds Distributions
Why Fidelity Mutual Funds
Fidelity Funds News & Analysis





Other Company Funds



Browse All Funds
Browse No Transaction Fee Funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®
Fund EvaluatorSM





Design Your Portfolio



Help Find a Mix
Why Diversify
Manage Your Portfolio
Build Your Own Portfolio
Let Fidelity Help Build Your Portfolio
Fidelity Freedom Funds®
Fidelity Asset Manager® Funds 




Understanding Mutual Funds



What Are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds
How to Evaluate Funds
About Fees & Taxes
Videos & Podcasts
Market Analysis




What You Can Buy



Domestic Stock Funds
International Funds
Bond Funds
Money Market Funds
Index Funds
Income Replacement Funds
Allocation & Specialized Funds
Exchange Traded Funds
Sector Funds
No Transaction Fee Funds
Browse All Funds




















Fund Evaluator
Find funds that match your criteria.














Prospectus and Shareholder Reports: Fidelity

Electronic versions of each fund's prospectus, Statement of Additional Information and shareholder reports are available below.  Most can be downloaded as PDFs.  If you would like a copy of any of these documents mailed to you, please call 1-800-544-8544. 





Mutual Funds -active tab
Exchange Traded Funds







#


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


							
							
								K
							
					 		

L


M


N


O


P


							
							
								Q
							
					 		

R


S


T


U


V


W


							
							
								X
							
					 		

							
							
								Y
							
					 		

							
							
								Z
							
					 		


#



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity 500 Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity 500 Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity 500 Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity 500 Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Top

A



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Advisor  Series Short-Term Credit Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Equity Growth Fund




Full

											(06/30/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Equity-Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Growth & Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Growth Opportunities Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Opportunistic Insights Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Small Cap Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Advisor Series Stock Selector Large Cap Value Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 20%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 30%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 40%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 50%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 60%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 70%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Asset Manager 85%


Summary

											(11/29/16)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Top

B



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Balanced Fund


Summary

											(03/10/17)
										


Full

											(03/10/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Blue Chip Growth Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(09/29/16)
										




Fidelity Blue Chip Value Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(09/29/16)
										




Top

C



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity California Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity California Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Canada Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Capital & Income Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Capital Appreciation Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(03/27/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(01/20/17)
										




Fidelity China Region Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Commodity Strategy Fund




Full

											(05/29/17)
										






SAI

											(05/29/17)
										




Fidelity Commodity Strategy Fund - Class F




Full

											(05/29/17)
										






SAI

											(05/29/17)
										




Fidelity Connecticut Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity Conservative Income Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund


Summary

											(03/17/17)
										


Full

											(03/17/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/10/17)
										




Fidelity Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(03/17/17)
										


Full

											(03/17/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/10/17)
										




Fidelity Contrafund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Convertible Securities Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Corporate Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Top

D



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Disciplined Equity Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(01/20/17)
										




Fidelity Diversified International Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Dividend Growth Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Top

E



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Emerging Asia Fund


Summary

											(01/20/17)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA) Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Discovery Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(03/10/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Emerging Markets Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Equity Dividend Income Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Equity-Income Fund


Summary

											(04/07/17)
										


Full

											(04/07/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Europe Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Event Driven Opportunities Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Export and Multinational Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Extended Market Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Extended Market Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Extended Market Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Top

F



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Floating Rate High Income Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Focused High Income Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Focused Stock Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(01/20/17)
										




Fidelity Four-in-One Index Fund


Summary

											(07/12/17)
										


Full

											(07/12/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2005 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2010 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2015 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2020 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2025 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2030 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2035 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2040 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2045 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2050 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2055 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom 2060 Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Income Fund


Summary

											(06/01/17)
										


Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2005 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2005 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2010 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2010 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2015 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2015 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2020 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2020 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2025 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2025 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2030 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2030 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2035 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2035 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2040 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2040 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2045 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2045 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2050 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2050 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2055 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2055 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2060 Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index 2060 Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index Income Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Freedom Index Income Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Fund


Summary

											(07/19/17)
										


Full

											(07/19/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(07/19/17)
										




Top

G



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity GNMA Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(09/29/16)
										




Fidelity Global Balanced Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Global Commodity Stock Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Global Credit Fund


Summary

											(04/21/17)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/21/17)
										




Fidelity Global Equity Income Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Global High Income Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Global Strategies Fund


Summary

											(07/30/16)
										


Full

											(07/30/16)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(07/30/16)
										




Fidelity Global ex U.S. Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Global ex U.S. Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Global ex U.S. Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Global ex U.S. Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Government Cash Reserves


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity Government Income Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Government Money Market Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Growth & Income Portfolio


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Growth Company Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Growth Discovery Fund


Summary

											(06/30/17)
										


Full

											(06/30/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(07/19/17)
										




Fidelity Growth Strategies Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Top

H



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity High Income Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Top

I



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Independence Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Intermediate Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Intermediate Government Income Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Intermediate Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund -  Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Capital Appreciation Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity International Discovery Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity International Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Growth Fund


Summary

											(03/31/17)
										


Full

											(03/31/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity International Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity International Real Estate Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(09/29/16)
										




Fidelity International Small Cap Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity International Small Cap Opportunities Fund


Summary

											(03/31/17)
										


Full

											(03/31/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity International Sustainability Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Fidelity International Sustainability Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Fidelity International Sustainability Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Fidelity International Value Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Investment Grade Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Prime Money Market Portfolio - CL I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Prime Money Market Portfolio - Institutional CL


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio - Institutional Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Top

J



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Japan Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Japan Smaller Companies Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Top

L



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Large Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Growth Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Growth Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Growth Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Growth Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Stock Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(07/24/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Value Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Value Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Value Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Value Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Large Cap Value Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Latin America Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Leveraged Company Stock Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Limited Term Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Limited Term Government Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity Limited Term Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Low-Priced Stock Fund


Summary

											(04/21/17)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Top

M



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Magellan Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Mega Cap Stock Fund


Summary

											(08/29/16)
										


Full

											(08/29/16)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(07/19/17)
										




Fidelity Michigan Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Mid Cap Value Fund


Summary

											(06/09/17)
										


Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Mid-Cap Stock Fund


Summary

											(07/05/17)
										


Full

											(07/24/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Minnesota Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Money Market Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Money Market Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio


Summary

											(06/07/17)
										


Full

											(06/07/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio


Summary

											(06/07/17)
										


Full

											(06/07/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity Mortgage Securities Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2005 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2010 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2015 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2020 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2025 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2030 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2035 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2040 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2045 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2050 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2055 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager 2060 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Multi-Manager Income Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										


Annual

											(05/30/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(11/29/16)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(02/13/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(12/20/16)
										




Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(02/13/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(12/20/16)
										




Fidelity Municipal Income 2023 Fund


Summary

											(12/20/16)
										


Full

											(02/13/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(12/20/16)
										




Fidelity Municipal Income 2025 Fund


Summary

											(05/30/17)
										


Full

											(05/30/17)
										






SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Fidelity Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Top

N



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Nasdaq Composite Index Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity New Jersey Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity New Markets Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity New Millennium Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity New York Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity New York Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Nordic Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Top

O



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity OTC Portfolio


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Ohio Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Overseas Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Top

P



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Pacific Basin Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Puritan Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Top

R



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Real Estate High Income Fund




Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Fidelity Real Estate Income Fund


Summary

											(07/10/17)
										


Full

											(07/10/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Real Estate Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(02/08/17)
										


Full

											(02/08/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/08/17)
										




Fidelity Real Estate Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(02/08/17)
										


Full

											(02/08/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/08/17)
										




Fidelity Real Estate Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(02/08/17)
										


Full

											(02/08/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/08/17)
										




Fidelity Real Estate Investment Portfolio


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(09/29/16)
										




Top

S



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity SAI Emerging Markets Index Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI International Index Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI International Minimum Volatility Index Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity SAI Real Estate Index Fund


Summary

											(01/13/17)
										


Full

											(01/13/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI Small-Mid Cap 500 Index Fund


Summary

											(01/13/17)
										


Full

											(01/13/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI U.S. Large Cap Index Fund


Summary

											(01/13/17)
										


Full

											(01/13/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI U.S. Minimum Volatility Index Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI U.S. Momentum Index Fund


Summary

											(02/14/17)
										


Full

											(02/14/17)
										






SAI

											(02/14/17)
										




Fidelity SAI U.S. Quality Index Fund


Summary

											(01/13/17)
										


Full

											(01/13/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity SAI U.S. Treasury Bond Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Select Air Transportation Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Automotive Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Banking Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Biotechnology Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Chemicals Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Communications Equipment Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Computers Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Construction and Housing Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Consumer Finance Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Consumer Staples Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Energy Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Energy Service Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Environment and Alternative Energy Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Financial Services Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Gold Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Health Care Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Health Care Services Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select IT Services Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Industrials Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Insurance Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Leisure Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Materials Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Multimedia Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Natural Gas Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Natural Resources Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Retailing Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Semiconductors Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Software and IT Services Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Technology Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Telecommunications Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Transportation Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Utilities Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Select Wireless Portfolio


Summary

											(07/28/17)
										


Full

											(07/28/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Series 100 Index Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series 100 Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series 1000 Value Index Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series 1000 Value Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series All-Sector Equity Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series All-Sector Equity Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Blue Chip Growth Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Blue Chip Growth Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Commodity Strategy Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Commodity Strategy Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Emerging Markets Debt Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Emerging Markets Debt Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Emerging Markets Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Emerging Markets Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Equity-Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Series Equity-Income Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Series Floating Rate High Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Floating Rate High Income Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Global Ex U.S. Index Fund




Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Series Government Money Market Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Government Money Market Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Growth & Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Growth & Income Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(08/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(03/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Growth Company Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Growth Company Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series High Income Fund




Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Series High Income Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Series Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Growth Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Growth Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Small Cap Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Small Cap Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Value Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series International Value Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Intrinsic Opportunities Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Intrinsic Opportunities Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Investment Grade Bond Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Investment Grade Bond Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Long-Term Bond Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Opportunistic Insights Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Opportunistic Insights Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Real Estate Equity Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Real Estate Equity Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Real Estate Income Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Real Estate Income Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Short-Term Credit Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Short-Term Credit Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Small Cap Discovery Fund




Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Series Small Cap Discovery Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Series Small Cap Opportunities Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Small Cap Opportunities Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Stock Selector Large Cap Value Fund




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Series Stock Selector Large Cap Value Fund - Class F




Full

											(06/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Short Duration High Income Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Short-Term Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund




Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund




Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund




Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund




Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund




Full

											(06/09/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/01/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Discovery Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Enhanced Index Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Growth Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(02/20/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(04/12/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Stock Fund


Summary

											(07/24/17)
										


Full

											(07/24/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Small Cap Value Fund


Summary

											(02/20/17)
										


Full

											(02/20/17)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(04/12/17)
										




Fidelity Stock Selector All Cap Fund


Summary

											(03/10/17)
										


Full

											(03/10/17)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(11/29/16)
										




Fidelity Stock Selector Large Cap Value Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Stock Selector Mid Cap Fund


Summary

											(04/21/17)
										


Full

											(04/21/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Stock Selector Small Cap Fund


Summary

											(03/10/17)
										


Full

											(03/10/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(01/20/17)
										




Strategic Advisers  Core Fund


Summary

											(07/03/17)
										


Full

											(07/03/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(07/03/17)
										




Strategic Advisers  Income Opportunities Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers  International II Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Core Income Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Core Income Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Core Income Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Core Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(07/03/17)
										


Full

											(07/03/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(07/03/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Core Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(07/03/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(07/03/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Emerging Markets Fund


Summary

											(07/03/17)
										


Full

											(07/03/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(07/03/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Emerging Markets Fund of Funds


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Emerging Markets Fund of Funds - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Growth Fund


Summary

											(05/16/17)
										


Full

											(05/02/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(05/02/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Growth Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(05/16/17)
										


Full

											(05/02/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(05/02/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Growth Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(05/02/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(05/02/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Income Opportunities Fund of Funds


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Income Opportunities Fund of Funds - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers International Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers International Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers International Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Short Duration Fund


Summary

											(04/21/17)
										


Full

											(10/12/16)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(07/30/16)
										




Strategic Advisers Small-Mid Cap Fund


Summary

											(06/30/17)
										


Full

											(06/30/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(06/30/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Small-Mid Cap Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Small-Mid Cap Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Value Fund


Summary

											(03/23/17)
										


Full

											(03/23/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Value Multi-Manager Fund


Summary

											(03/23/17)
										


Full

											(03/23/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Strategic Advisers Value Multi-Manager Fund - Class F




Full

											(03/23/17)
										


Annual

											(07/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(01/28/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Strategic Dividend & Income Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Strategic Income Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Fidelity Strategic Real Return Fund


Summary

											(12/01/16)
										


Full

											(12/01/16)
										


Annual

											(11/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(05/30/17)
										


SAI

											(05/30/17)
										




Top

T



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Telecom and Utilities Fund


Summary

											(04/01/17)
										


Full

											(04/01/17)
										


Annual

											(04/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(09/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/01/17)
										




Fidelity Total Bond Fund


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/19/16)
										




Fidelity Total Emerging Markets Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(03/10/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(03/23/17)
										




Fidelity Total International Equity Fund


Summary

											(03/31/17)
										


Full

											(03/31/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Total International Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Total International Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Total International Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Total International Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(02/10/17)
										




Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(04/29/17)
										


Full

											(04/29/17)
										


Annual

											(04/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(10/29/16)
										


SAI

											(04/29/17)
										




Fidelity Treasury Money Market Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Fidelity Treasury Only Money Market Fund


Summary

											(06/29/17)
										


Full

											(06/29/17)
										


Annual

											(06/29/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(12/30/16)
										


SAI

											(06/29/17)
										




Fidelity Trend Fund


Summary

											(03/01/17)
										


Full

											(03/01/17)
										


Annual

											(03/01/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(08/29/16)
										


SAI

											(03/01/17)
										




Top

U



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity U.S. Bond Index Fund - Class F




Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity U.S. Bond Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity U.S. Bond Index Fund - Institutional Premium Class


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity U.S. Bond Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity U.S. Bond Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(10/29/16)
										


Full

											(10/29/16)
										


Annual

											(10/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/29/17)
										


SAI

											(10/29/16)
										




Fidelity U.S. Sustainability Index Fund - Institutional Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Fidelity U.S. Sustainability Index Fund - Investor Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Fidelity U.S. Sustainability Index Fund - Premium Class


Summary

											(06/27/17)
										


Full

											(06/27/17)
										






SAI

											(06/27/17)
										




Top

V



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Value Discovery Fund


Summary

											(09/29/16)
										


Full

											(09/29/16)
										


Annual

											(09/29/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(04/01/17)
										


SAI

											(06/22/17)
										




Fidelity Value Fund


Summary

											(01/20/17)
										


Full

											(01/20/17)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(01/20/17)
										




Fidelity Value Strategies Fund


Summary

											(01/28/17)
										


Full

											(01/28/17)
										


Annual

											(01/28/17)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(07/30/16)
										


SAI

											(01/28/17)
										




Top

W



Fund Name
Prospectus
Shareholder Reports
Statement of Additional Information (SAI)





Fidelity Worldwide Fund


Summary

											(12/30/16)
										


Full

											(12/30/16)
										


Annual

											(12/30/16)
                                		


Semi-Annual

											(06/29/17)
										


SAI

											(12/30/16)
										




Top




Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.




*Liquidated or Merged funds








© 1998 - 2010 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy
Security
Site Map





 








MEMTX View All - BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares | Fidelity Investments
























BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares


Symbol: MEMTX



									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1







	Fidelity Fund Pick
			
				
					 2














InformationThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through FidelityThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through Fidelity





































Summary







 


Overall Rating

4 out of 5 Stars

Morningstar has awarded this fund 4 stars based on its risk-adjusted performance compared to the 263 funds within its Morningstar Category.



How is it determined?


The Overall Morningstar RatingTM for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics, which are based on risk-adjusted returns, as of the date stated.





3 Yrs





                         Out of
263
 funds
                     	




5 Yrs





                         Out of
227
 funds
                       




10 Yrs





                         Out of
154
 funds
                       




What does it mean?


A fund's Morningstar Rating is a quantitative assessment of a fund's past performance that accounts for both risk and return, with funds earning between 1 and 5 stars. As always, this rating system is designed to be used as a first step in the fund evaluation process. A high rating alone is not sufficient basis upon which to make an investment decision.











 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average


This fund scores Above Average because it delivered returns that were in the top 22.5% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category: top 10% - High next 22.5% - Above Average middle 35% - Average next 22.5% - Below Average bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Expenses


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average


This fund's expenses are rated as Above Average because they fall between the 60th and 80th percentiles when compared with other funds in the category.





How is it calculated?


This Morningstar data point compares the fund's net expense ratio to the net expense ratio of all the other funds within its Morningstar Category grouping.





What does it mean?


Excessive expenses can detract from overall returns and can be a drain on performance. While you should not base any investment decision entirely on expenses or expense ratios, a fund's expense structure may be one factor to consider.











 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           		
           		
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm




Overall Rating



Returns


LOWAVGHIGH




Expenses


LOWAVGHIGH




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Performance 3





	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

						
						10 Yrs
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+5.41%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+0.51%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+3.67%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+3.62%
				  	

10 Yrs
				  		+4.79%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/27/2017; Value is cumulative
  		







Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 4, 5






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm








Shows growth of hypothetical $10,000 investment in BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares compared to ,Muni National Interm over the selected time period



YTD

1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y








BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares




Muni National Interm






Compare Chart  |   Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.








Fund Manager(s)







Theodore R. Jaeckel since 12/31/2006


James Pruskowski since 1/27/2014


Michael Kalinoski since 1/27/2014


Peter J. Hayes since 1/27/2014










 

Manager: Theodore R. Jaeckel

Manager Tenure: since 12/31/2006



Funds Currently Managed



BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor B Shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Institutional Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Institutional Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Service Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Investor B Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Investor C Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock High Yield Municipal Fund Investor A Shares (since 8/1/2006)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock PA Municipal Bond Inv B1 (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock NJ Municipal Bond Inv B1 (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Investor A Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Investor C Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock Allocation Target Shrs Ser E (since 8/4/2014)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor B1 Share (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional shares (since 12/22/2006)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Investor A Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock Intermediate Municipal Inv B (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund Investor B Shares (since 10/2/2006)


BlackRock Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund Service Shares (since 12/7/2006)


BlackRock NY Municipal Bond Inv B (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 12/31/2006)


BlackRock High Yield Municipal Fund Investor C Shares (since 8/1/2006)


BlackRock High Yield Municipal Fund Institutional Shares (since 8/1/2006)



Funds Previously Managed



BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor A Shares


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Institutional Shares


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Service Share


BlackRock National Municipal Fund K Share


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor C Shares


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor B Shares


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor C1 Shares











 

Manager: James Pruskowski

Manager Tenure: since 1/27/2014



Funds Currently Managed



BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Intermediate Municipal Inv B (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor B Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/27/2014)











 

Manager: Michael Kalinoski

Manager Tenure: since 1/27/2014



Funds Currently Managed



BlackRock National Municipal Fund Service Share (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Institutional Shares (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Intermediate Municipal Inv B (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor B Shares (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor A Shares (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund K Share (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor B Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock National Municipal Fund Investor C Shares (since 12/2/2016)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/27/2014)











 

Manager: Peter J. Hayes

Manager Tenure: since 1/27/2014



Funds Currently Managed



BlackRock Short-Term Municipal Inv B (since 12/31/1996)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock Intermediate Municipal Inv B (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/27/2014)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor C Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor B Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A1 Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock New York Municipal Opportunities Fund Institutional Shares (since 2/18/2015)


BlackRock California Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/26/2015)


BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares (since 1/27/2014)



Funds Previously Managed



BlackRock Short-Term Municipal K


BIF CA Municipal Money


BIF OH Municipal Money


BIF NC Municipal Money


BBIF Tax-Exempt 1


BIF Tax-Exempt


BIF FL Municipal Money


BIF NJ Municipal Money


BIF PA Municipal Money


BlackRock Short-Term Municipal Fund Investor A1 Shares


BlackRock Short-Term Municipal Fund Institutional Shares


BlackRock Short-Term Municipal Fund Investor A Shares


BBIF Tax-Exempt 2


BBIF Tax-Exempt 4


BIF AZ Municipal Money


BIF MI Municipal Money


BBIF Tax-Exempt 3


BIF MA Municipal Money


BIF CT Municipal Money


BlackRock Short-Term Municipal Fund Investor C Shares



Education



BA, College of the Holy Cross, 1981





















Fund Overview




Objective



The investment seeks to provide shareholders with a high level of income exempt from Federal income taxes.




Strategy



Under normal circumstances, the fund will invest at least 80% of its assets in municipal bonds. Municipal bonds may be obligations of a variety of issuers including governmental entities or other qualifying issuers, the payments from which, in the opinion of bond counsel to the issuer, are excludable from gross income for Federal income tax purposes. The fund seeks to maintain an average portfolio duration of zero to ten years. It may invest up to 50% of its net assets in non-investment grade bonds.


Risk



The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Municipal funds carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) They also carry inflation risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible. Although national municipal funds seek to provide interest dividends exempt from federal income taxes and some of these funds may seek to generate income that is also exempt from the federal alternative minimum tax, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may generate some income subject to these taxes. Income from these funds is usually subject to state and local income taxes. Generally, municipal securities are not appropriate for tax-advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.
Duration is a measure of a security's price sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Duration differs from maturity in that it considers a security's interest payments in addition to the amount of time until the security reaches maturity, and also takes into account certain maturity shortening features (e.g., demand features, interest rate resets, and call options) when applicable. Securities with longer durations generally tend to be more sensitive to interest rate changes than securities with shorter durations. A fund with a longer average duration generally can be expected to be more sensitive to interest rate changes than a fund with a shorter average duration.
The analysis on these pages may be based, in part, on adjusted historical returns for periods prior to the class's actual inception of 10/02/2006.  These calculated returns reflect the historical performance of the oldest share class of the fund, with an inception date of 10/31/1988, adjusted to reflect the fees and expenses of this share class (when this share class's fees and expenses are higher.)  Please refer to a fund's prospectus for information regarding fees and expenses.  These adjusted historical returns are not actual returns.  Calculation methodologies utilized by Morningstar may differ from those applied by other entities, including the fund itself.









Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		Muni National Interm
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		10/31/1988
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Inception














	
	
		10/2/2006
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/27/2017













	
		
			
				$11.61			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
9/28/2016













	
	
		0.95%
	



		
			($9.50 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)
9/28/2016













	
	
		0.82%
	



		
			($8.20 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Load




Load waived at Fidelity











	
	
		4.25%
	



		
		



		
				
					Minimum to Invest 6














	
		
			
			
				$2,500.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Turnover Rate
5/31/2016













	
	
		174%
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$4,934.14
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$1,060.76
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$11.12			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$11.93			
			
			
						
	
	















Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield 7



		3.00%
		
		

7/31/2012










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 8



		2.43%
		
		

6/30/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Maturity


		17.84  Years
		
		

3/31/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Duration


		4.88  Years
		
		

3/31/2017






















Top 10 Holdings 9





            AS OF 6/30/2017
       










Top 10 Holdings












            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Buckeye Ohio Tob Settlement Fi To 5.875%
   	

            		    

						
						
							1.23%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Tobacco Settlement Fing Corp N Asset 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							1.15%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		New York Liberty Dev Corp Libe Rev Bd 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							1.08%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		New York Transn Dev Corp Spl F Spl 5.25%
   	

            		    

						
						
							1.03%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		New York Transn Dev Corp Spl F Rev Re 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.76%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Wisconsin St For Issues Dtd Pr Go Ref 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.60%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Charlotte N C Arpt Rev Airport R 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.60%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		New York Cntys Tob Tr Iv Pass Thro 6.25%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.59%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		Maryland St Econ Dev Corp Rev Bds 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.58%
						
						
					    	
						



            		    	



	
   	
   	
   		New York Cntys Tob Tr Iv Pass Thro 5%
   	

            		    

						
						
							0.58%
						
						
					    	
						




							
								
								
									% of Total Portfolio
								
							
            			
            				


            				8.19%




holdings 833 as of 6/30/2017











Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 4, 3






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 10/31/1988
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             0.95% AS OF 9/28/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares

						
							0.51%
							
						
					

						
							3.67%
							
						
					

						
							3.62%
							
						
					

						
							4.79%
							
						
					

						
							4.95%
							
						
					



						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-3.76%
							
						
					

						
							2.18%
							
						
					

						
							2.72%
							
						
					

						
							4.34%
							
						
					

						
							4.11%
							
						
					





Muni National Interm

						
							-0.82%
							
						
					

						
							2.53%
							
						
					

						
							2.54%
							
						
					

						
							3.67%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-4.23%
							
						
					

						
							1.96%
							
						
					

						
							2.53%
							
						
					

						
							4.24%
							
						
					

						
							4.02%
							
						
					


Muni National Interm

						
							-2.00%
							
						
					

						
							2.15%
							
						
					

						
							2.28%
							
						
					

						
							3.53%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-1.04%
							
						
					

						
							2.16%
							
						
					

						
							2.63%
							
						
					

						
							4.05%
							
						
					

						
							3.86%
							
						
					


Muni National Interm

						
							-0.08%
							
						
					

						
							2.25%
							
						
					

						
							2.39%
							
						
					

						
							3.48%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.






Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 10, 4, 3






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 10/31/1988
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares

								
									0.51%
									
								
							

								
									3.67%
									
								
							

								
									3.62%
									
								
							

								
									4.79%
									
								
							

								
									4.95%
									
								
							





									BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
									
										
										(Load Adjusted)
									
								

									
										-3.76%
										
									
								

									
										2.18%
										
									
								

									
										2.72%
										
									
								

									
										4.34%
										
									
								

									
										4.81%
										
									
								



Muni National Interm

								
									-0.82%
									
								
							

								
									2.53%
									
								
							

								
									2.54%
									
								
							

								
									3.67%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							





Rank in Morningstar Category

								
									6%
									
								
							

								
									8%
									
								
							

								
									7%
									
								
							

								
									3%
									
								
							
--



# of Funds in Morningstar Category

								
									292
									
								
							

								
									263
									
								
							

								
									227
									
								
							

								
									154
									
								
							
--






Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.









Yield
















6/30/2017



Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 8






2.43%















Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 4, 5






				AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm









BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares



Muni National Interm























2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


This Fund
3.09%
-4.32%
13.24%
3.47%
11.06%
8.17%
-3.09%
9.36%
3.41%
0.57%
4.49%


Category
2.75%
-2.32%
11.41%
2.22%
9.00%
5.62%
-2.27%
6.77%
2.50%
-0.20%
3.06%


+/- Category
0.34%
-2.00%
1.83%
1.25%
2.06%
2.55%
-0.82%
2.59%
0.91%
0.77%
1.43%






Compare Chart  |   Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.






Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 4, 3






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 10/31/1988
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             0.95% AS OF 9/28/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares

						
							0.51%
							
						
					

						
							3.67%
							
						
					

						
							3.62%
							
						
					

						
							4.79%
							
						
					

						
							4.95%
							
						
					



						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-3.76%
							
						
					

						
							2.18%
							
						
					

						
							2.72%
							
						
					

						
							4.34%
							
						
					

						
							4.11%
							
						
					





Muni National Interm

						
							-0.82%
							
						
					

						
							2.53%
							
						
					

						
							2.54%
							
						
					

						
							3.67%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-4.23%
							
						
					

						
							1.96%
							
						
					

						
							2.53%
							
						
					

						
							4.24%
							
						
					

						
							4.02%
							
						
					


Muni National Interm

						
							-2.00%
							
						
					

						
							2.15%
							
						
					

						
							2.28%
							
						
					

						
							3.53%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							-1.04%
							
						
					

						
							2.16%
							
						
					

						
							2.63%
							
						
					

						
							4.05%
							
						
					

						
							3.86%
							
						
					


Muni National Interm

						
							-0.08%
							
						
					

						
							2.25%
							
						
					

						
							2.39%
							
						
					

						
							3.48%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.





Cumulative Total Returns 3






					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares

											
												5.41%
											
											
										

											
												4.49%
											
											
										

											
												-0.03%
											
											
										

											
												2.30%
											
											
										

											
												4.49%
											
											
										



										BlackRock Municipal Series Trust Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund Investor A Shares 
										
											
											(Load Adjusted)
										
									
--

											
												0.05%
											
											
										

											
												-4.27%
											
											
										

											
												-2.05%
											
											
										

											
												0.05%
											
											
										


Muni National Interm

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												3.06%
											
											
										

											
												-0.30%
											
											
										

											
												1.70%
											
											
										

											
												3.06%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/27/2017
	  				


Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.







 


Risk


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average

This fund scores Above Average because Morningstar has rated its risk between the 60th and 80th percentiles when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.




How is it calculated?


Risk is calculated using the Sharpe ratio, which compares portfolio returns to a rate comparable to U.S. Treasury bonds, relative to the fund's overall volatility. For this measure, Morningstar has compared the Sharpe ratio of this fund against all other funds that invest in it's Morningstar Category.




What does it mean?


A higher Sharpe implies better risk-adjusted returns. Therefore, if a fund has a Sharpe ratio higher than its category average, it's returns relative to it's risk were better than other similar funds. If its Sharpe ratio is lower, that's usually a sign that the risk-adjusted returns were lower than other similar funds.










 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Above Average


This fund scores Above Average because it delivered returns that were in the top 22.5% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category: top 10% - High next 22.5% - Above Average middle 35% - Average next 22.5% - Below Average bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








Fund Risk and Return




					
			          	
			          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm









 Return of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







 Risk of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER













Risk



The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Municipal funds carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) They also carry inflation risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible. Although national municipal funds seek to provide interest dividends exempt from federal income taxes and some of these funds may seek to generate income that is also exempt from the federal alternative minimum tax, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may generate some income subject to these taxes. Income from these funds is usually subject to state and local income taxes. Generally, municipal securities are not appropriate for tax-advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.






Volatility Measures












Glossary definition opens in new window.Sharpe Ratio

0.97



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Standard Deviation

3.57



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						











Historical Fund Performance 3





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											4.49%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.159168769																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1,060.76
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											0.57%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.147096		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.265332149																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1,082.33
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											3.41%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.302068622																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$933.62
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											9.36%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.036119		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.283939808																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$617.65
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											-3.09%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.085665		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.303523109																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$190.04
										
										
																		
								




2012

									
										
											8.17%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$215.47
										
										
																		
								




2011

									
										
											11.06%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2010

									
										
											3.47%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2009

									
										
											13.24%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2008

									
										
											-4.32%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								











Ratings




Morningstar Ratings 11






				AS OF 6/30/2017;
				
				Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm











Overall



				Out of
				
263
funds







3 Yrs


Out of
263
funds







5 Yrs



				Out of
227
funds







10 Yrs



				Out of
154
funds









The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. (Exchange-traded funds and open-end mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes.) It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of  funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: Intmdt Muni Debt











1 Yr



#22
out of
206
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#6
out of
164
funds
                
            







10 Yrs



#3
out of
111
funds
              
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition




Portfolio Diversification 9





		AS OF
		6/30/2017
		
















 
Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Muni National Interm
										



Municipal Tax-Exempt

										84.67%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	93.75%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Municipal Taxable

										7.40%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	2.48%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Cash & Equivalents

										4.65%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	2.54%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Government Related

										2.30%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.94%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Corporate Bond

										0.98%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.09%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Agency Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Asset-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Bank Loan

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Commercial Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Convertible

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Covered Bond

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Future/Forward

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Government

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.12%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Non-Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Option/Warrant

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Preferred Stock

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.06%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Swap

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										
















Asset Allocation 9





		
					AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										0.56%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										2.33%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										99.44%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										98.17%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.06%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										-0.55%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 9





       		AS OF 6/30/2017
   			

















	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Buckeye Ohio Tob Settlement Fi To 5.875%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.23%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Tobacco Settlement Fing Corp N Asset 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.15%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		New York Liberty Dev Corp Libe Rev Bd 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.08%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		New York Transn Dev Corp Spl F Spl 5.25%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.03%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		New York Transn Dev Corp Spl F Rev Re 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.76%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Wisconsin St For Issues Dtd Pr Go Ref 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.60%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Charlotte N C Arpt Rev Airport R 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.60%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		New York Cntys Tob Tr Iv Pass Thro 6.25%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.59%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Maryland St Econ Dev Corp Rev Bds 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.58%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		New York Cntys Tob Tr Iv Pass Thro 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.58%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

8.19%




holdings 833 as of 6/30/2017










Credit Quality 9





           AS OF 3/31/2017
 		









AAA
9.73%


AA
33.39%


A
24.63%


BBB
17.26%


BB
18.41%


B
0.00%


Below B
0.00%


Not Rated
-3.43%













Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield 7



		3.00%
		
		

7/31/2012










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 8



		2.43%
		
		

6/30/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Maturity


		17.84  Years
		
		

3/31/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Duration


		4.88  Years
		
		

3/31/2017

















Fixed Income StyleMap®* 12




AS OF 6/30/2017










					Credit Quality
	            







High





Med





Low






Ltd
Mod
Ext







				Interest Rate Sensitivity
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Medium Quality Moderate Sensitivity
Hold securities with a medium asset-weighted average credit rating and a moderate sensitivity to interest rate changes as defined by the fund's effective duration, both according to Morningstar's rating system.




*99.44% 
	    
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Country Diversification 9




AS OF 6/30/2017





United States

			100.00%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

May








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
10/31/1988








Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Inception

10/2/2006








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$4,934.14
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$1,060.76
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
MEMTX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports










	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

0.95%
			
($9.50 per $1000)


			9/28/2016
			










Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)

0.82%
			
($8.20 per $1000)



			9/28/2016	
			








Glossary definition opens in new window.Contractual Mgmt Fee Waiver (Dated) 13



		0.05%
		
			($0.50 per $1000)


9/28/2016
















Glossary definition opens in new window.Distribution and/or service fee(12b-1) Fees

0.25%













































Loads






				
					
					
						Front End Load
					
							
				
				
					4.25%	
				







								
									
									Front-End Load Schedule
								
							




		
								$0.00 - $99,999.00
							
4.25%



		
								$100,000.00 - $249,999.00
							
3.25%



		
								$250,000.00 - $3,999,999.00
							
0.00%



		
								$4,000,000.00 - $999,999,998.99
							
0.00%





							
								
								Rights of Accumulation Rules
							
						






				
							
							
								Roll-up Level
							
							
				
Family







Glossary definition opens in new window.Valuation Method

Market Value









				
							
							
								Householding Level
							
							
				
Household







Glossary definition opens in new window.Price Valuation Method

NAV








Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.

See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.






Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$2,500.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$250.00
				







				
					
					
						Initial IRA Investment
					
									
			

				$2,500.00
				






			
				
				Additional IRA Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		




			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 6

		
			$500.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




6/30/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.027033839
									
									
								
								

									
										$11.53
									
									
								


5/31/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.026732036
									
									
								
								

									
										$11.56
									
									
								


4/28/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.026988583
									
									
								
								

									
										$11.38
									
									
								


3/31/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.026371375
									
									
								
								

									
										$11.35
									
									
								












 Capital Gains History 









Date
								
							
							


Per Share Amount
										
									
								
								


Reinvestment Price
										
									
								
								




12/09/16

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.105054
								
								
							
							

								
									$11.18
								
								
							


7/21/16

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.042042
								
								
							
							

								
									$11.86
								
								
							


12/05/14

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.036119
								
								
							
							

								
									$11.41
								
								
							


12/17/13

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.085665
								
								
							
							

								
									$10.81
								
								
							










Pricing




AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$11.61			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/27/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$11.12			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$11.93			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$11.53			
			
			
						
	
	



				






Chart Fund Price (NAV)






Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.53			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.52			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.59			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.56			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.37			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.56			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.38			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.34			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.42			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.35			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.28			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.37			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.30			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.24			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.30			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.24			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.19			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.31			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.19			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.12			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.28			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.17			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.17			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.72			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.71			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.69			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.83			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.83			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.82			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.90			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.90			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.84			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.85			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.85			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.92			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.78			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$11.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	













Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

© 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk and credit  and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. The funds on the Fund Picks From Fidelity® list are selected based on certain selection criteria. Fund Picks From Fidelity is not a personalized recommendation or endorsement of any fund for an investor's individual circumstances.
3. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated. Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower. Except for Life of Fund returns, the analysis on these pages may be based, in part, on adjusted historical returns for periods prior to the class's actual inception of 10/2/2006.  These calculated returns reflect the historical performance of the oldest share class of the fund, with an inception date of 10/31/1988, adjusted to reflect the fees and expenses of this share class (when this share class's fees and expenses are higher.)  Please refer to a fund's prospectus for information regarding fees and expenses.  These adjusted historical returns are not actual returns.  Calculation methodologies utilized by Morningstar may differ from those applied by other entities, including the fund itself.
4. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
5. This chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made in this investment product (and a benchmark or category average, if shown) from the beginning date shown or on the inception date of the product (whichever is later).  The inception date used for products with underlying funds, or multiple shares classes, or are offered as a separate account, strategy or sub account, may be the inception date of the underlying fund, the earliest share class of the product, or the date composite performance for the product was first made available. The product's returns may not reflect all its expenses. Any fees not reflected would lower the returns. Benchmark returns include reinvestment of capital gains and dividends, if any, but do not reflect any fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. This chart is not intended to imply any future performance of the investment product.
6. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. Additional investments into Regular, IRA, and Group accounts are $250 or higher.
7. The current yield reflects the current earnings of the fund, while the total return refers to a specific past holding period. The 7-Day Yield is the average income return over the previous seven days, assuming the rate stays the same for one year and that dividends are reinvested. It is the Fund's total income net of expenses, divided by the total number of outstanding shares and includes any applicable waiver or reimbursement.
8. A standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission for bond funds. The yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share earned during the 30-day period by the maximum offering price per share on the last day of the period. The yield figure reflects the dividends and interest earned during the 30-day period, after the deduction of the fund's expenses. It is sometimes referred to as "SEC 30-Day Yield" or "standardized yield".
9. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
10. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
11. The analysis on these pages may be based, in part, on adjusted historical returns for periods prior to the class's actual inception of 10/2/2006.  These calculated returns reflect the historical performance of the oldest share class of the fund, with an inception date of 10/31/1988, adjusted to reflect the fees and expenses of this share class (when this share class's fees and expenses are higher.)  Please refer to a fund's prospectus for information regarding fees and expenses.  These adjusted historical returns are not actual returns.  Calculation methodologies utilized by Morningstar may differ from those applied by other entities, including the fund itself.
12. Fixed Income StyleMap® StyleMap® depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's fixed income holdings over two dimensions: credit quality and interest rate sensitivity.  Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's holdings, are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
13. Expense caps and waivers are limits that the fund company has placed on the level of the expenses borne by the fund until 9/30/2017 and indicates the maximum level of expenses (with certain exceptions) that the fund would be paying until that time. After the expiration date, the expense cap and/or waiver may be terminated or revised, which may lower the fund's yield and return.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map









