


About Fidelity






























































Sharing our financial expertise to help people live the lives they want

















Girl power
Fidelity’s Summit for Young Women helps students connect and get excited about future opportunities.

Learn how we’re helping to bridge gender gaps >>













Lessons at the dinner table
Fidelity associates in New Mexico volunteer to provide meals and lessons in financial literacy.

See their story >>







Hitting all the right notes
For the eighth consecutive year, Fidelity is inspiring young musicians to pursue their passions through the Fidelity Investments Young Artists Competition at the Boston Pops.

Learn more about the competition >>







From the Newsroom






Fidelity Warns Financial Advisors How To Prep For Higher Inflation
 05/31/2017
			Investor’s Business Daily—Fidelity offers tips for defensive steps advisors should take to help clients dodge inflation’s threat to their purchasing power.







Fidelity’s Abby Johnson Urges Resolution to Blockchain Barriers
 05/23/2017
			Bloomberg—Abby Johnson urged a broad group of software developers, entrepreneurs and academics to work together to solve problems that are preventing the broader adoption of blockchain technology







Many women think men are the better investors; they're not
 05/23/2017
			USA Today—After checking how 8 million of its customers did during 2016, Fidelity found that women did better than men by an average of 0.4 percentage points.




Visit the Newsroom >>



Fidelity by the Numbers
25 million
Individual customers
See more of Fidelity by the Numbers »




 


$5.4T
Total customer assets at Fidelity










$2.1T 
Global assets under management

Numbers as of 6/30/2016







Moments From Our History 









1965									

Fidelity purchases its first computer, beginning its commitment to developing and using the latest technology to serve its customers.									









1983									

Fidelity's first street-level Investor Center opens on Congress Street in Boston. For the first time, customers can get personal service along with free information and investment guidance on a walk-in basis.									









1995									

Fidelity becomes an Internet pioneer as the first mutual fund company to create a home page on the World Wide Web.									





See the full timeline >>







Fidelity’s Presence

Headquartered in Boston, Fidelity serves its customers through 10 regional offices and more than 190 Investor Centers in the United States. With 40,000-plus associates, our global presence spans eight other countries across North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia who are also working tirelessly to meet the needs of our customers.













As of 6/30/2016					
				






Our Company









Personal Investing

We provide financial planning and retirement options such as IRAs, annuities, and managed accounts; brokerage and cash management products; college savings accounts; and other financial services for millions of individual investors.




Workplace Investing

We work with employers to build benefit programs for their employees, and provide recordkeeping, investments, and servicing in defined contribution, defined benefit, health & welfare, and stock plan services.




Fidelity Institutional

We bring sophisticated technology and highly personalized service together to offer clearing, custody, investment products, brokerage, and trading services to a wide range of financial firms.




Fidelity Institutional Asset Management

Fidelity Institutional Asset Management is a distribution organization dedicated to the institutional marketplace. It serves consultants and institutional investors, such as defined benefit and defined contribution plans, endowments, and financial advisors.













Fidelity Charitable
Fidelity Charitable is an independent public charity that allows donors to establish a dedicated donor-advised fund to support their favorite charities in the short term and create a systematic plan for longer term philanthropic goals.




Fidelity Labs

Fidelity Labs explores emerging technology and harnesses innovation to benefit Fidelity's businesses and customers.




Careers at Fidelity

Fidelity Careers Sales, relationship management, product, marketing, technology, operations, and corporate functions

Asset Management Careers Investment management and support



hidden











Keep up on our latest news and community outreach efforts.


































Media Inquiries? Call 617-563-5800 or

email Fidelity Corporate Affairs.














Before investing, consider the funds’ investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



          Content for this page is now being selected and published by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), an SEC registered broker-dealer and member NYSE, SIPC. FBS makes available a full range of stocks, bonds, and mutual funds to individual and other investors through retirement and non-retirement accounts. FBS services its customers through local investor centers, regional telephone service centers and the internet. FBS is an affiliate of FICS. FBS must provide clients with certain financial information, including the Statement of Financial Condition for National Financial Services LLC, an FBS affiliate. Quotes are delayed unless otherwise noted. FICS is owned by FMR LLC and is an affiliate of Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Terms of use for Third-Party Content and Research.


          The statements and opinions expressed within the articles found in 'Fidelity in the News' are those of the author. Fidelity Investments cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any statements or data.
	
    

          Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
	
    

          Diversification/asset allocation does not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.
	
    

          Keep in mind that investing involves risk. The value of your investment will fluctuate over time and you may gain or lose money.
	
    

          Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.
	
    

          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.
	
    

          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Because of their narrow focus, sector funds tend to be more volatile than funds that diversify across many sectors and companies.
	
    


716333.7.0











Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility


This is for persons in the U.S. only.


















 




Assets Management Divisions - Fidelity












































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fidelity by the Numbers: Asset Management
                                                        

                                           

			Leveraging its diverse global investment management expertise and insights, Fidelity's Asset Management division is focused on delivering the best customer experience in the financial services industry. It does this by offering client solutions, from traditional mutual funds and ETFs, to managed accounts and institutional mandates.
		




















 Global assets under management as of March 20171 






Total global assets under management2
$2,286.6 billion


Equity assets
$1,263.0 billion


High income assets
$97.5 billion


Hybrid assets
$117.5 billion


Investment grade bond assets
$331.2 billion


Money market assets
$477.4 billion



 Investment capabilities 






Equities
US, international/global, specialized


Fixed Income
Bond, money market, high income


Alternatives
Absolute return, commodities, real estate


Global Asset Allocation and Customized Client Solutions
Target date investing, active allocation, after tax management, custom solutions, financial planning solutions, fiduciary oversight



 Organization 






President of Asset Management
Charlie Morrison



 Location 
The Equity and High Income Divisions are based in Boston, Massachusetts; the Fixed Income Division is based in Merrimack, New Hampshire; and the Sector Investing Division is based in Denver, Colorado.
Investment research professionals also are based in the United Kingdom, Europe, and Asia.













Asset Management division fact sheets



Equity (PDF)


Fixed Income (PDF)
Asset Allocation (PDF)



Proxy voting

Corporate Governance and Proxy Guidelines
Browse our proxy voting results



Related links

Code of ethics summary (PDF)
About the trustees of the Fidelity Funds
Note to Fidelity Investors (PDF)
ESG Statement of Policy (PDF)












 Learn more 


Fidelity by the Numbers: Fidelity Institutional


Fidelity by the Numbers: Corporate Statistics













Our Company









Personal Investing

We provide financial planning and retirement options such as IRAs, annuities, and managed accounts; brokerage and cash management products; college savings accounts; and other financial services for millions of individual investors.




Workplace Investing

We work with employers to build benefit programs for their employees, and provide recordkeeping, investments, and servicing in defined contribution, defined benefit, health & welfare, and stock plan services.




Fidelity Institutional

We bring sophisticated technology and highly personalized service together to offer clearing, custody, investment products, brokerage, and trading services to a wide range of financial firms.




Fidelity Institutional Asset Management

Fidelity Institutional Asset Management is a distribution organization dedicated to the institutional marketplace. It serves consultants and institutional investors, such as defined benefit and defined contribution plans, endowments, and financial advisors.













Fidelity Charitable
Fidelity Charitable is an independent public charity that allows donors to establish a dedicated donor-advised fund to support their favorite charities in the short term and create a systematic plan for longer term philanthropic goals.




Fidelity Labs

Fidelity Labs explores emerging technology and harnesses innovation to benefit Fidelity's businesses and customers.




Careers at Fidelity

Fidelity Careers Sales, relationship management, product, marketing, technology, operations, and corporate functions

Asset Management Careers Investment management and support



hidden











Keep up on our latest news and community outreach efforts.


































Media Inquiries? Call 617-563-5800 or

email Fidelity Corporate Affairs.














          1. Assets and funds reported by investment objective division. Sub-totals may not sum to total due to rounding. Includes all assets in managed accounts over which Fidelity has discretion.
	
    

          2. Total Discretionary Assets; all assets Fidelity Investments has discretion over.
	
    

          Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917
	
    

          Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc., 500 Salem St., Smithfield, RI 02917
	
    

          National Financial Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 200 Seaport Boulevard, Boston, MA 02110
	
    


666117.6.1











Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility


This is for persons in the U.S. only.


















 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fidelity Consultant Webstation













































				Fidelity Institutional Asset ManagementSM







Forgot Password?
If you’ve forgotten your password, just enter your email address you registered with and you will receive an email with instructions for resetting your password.






Enter your email address



Please enter a valid email address


Submit









781335.1











Sign in | Fidelity Consultant Webstation













































				Fidelity Institutional Asset ManagementSM








Consultant Login
Enter login information or request access to secure fund and product reports.
IMPORTANT: Information behind login is provided for verified viewers' informational purposes only.  Historical data is for consultant use only and not for further distribution to third parties or the public. Data provided in spreadsheet format should not be edited, filtered, or otherwise manipulated and disseminated in a modified manner under any circumstances.



Log in to Reports





Email






Password



Forgot password?


Log in




Request Access

New user? Click the button below to request access.
Request Access







782643.1












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















fidelity institutional asset management trust co
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company provides investment management services. The Company offers equity, fixed income, liquidity management, and asset allocation services. Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust conducts its business worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

900 Salem Street
Smithfield, RI 02917
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.pyramis.fidelity.com





Board Members




Chairman/President/CEO
Company


Michael Jones
Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Co








Head:Sales & Relationship Mgmt
Company










Head:North American Institutional
Company


Maureen Fitzgerald
Fiam LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Jeffrey P Lagarce "Jeff"


President




Casey Condron


Head:Sales & Relationship Mgmt







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Individual Investor Log In












 
 
 

 



Individual Investor Log In








Customer ID



Password
Forgot your password?


 
 Save this Customer ID










Password is case-sensitive.
For your protection, inactive sessions in secured areas are timed out after 30 minutes.

Attention Destiny contractual plan holders1: Destiny Plan accounts are maintained by Boston Financial Data Services (BFDS).
If you have completed your Destiny plan and have transferred your account to the fund, please use the log in above to access your non-contributory account.



Change Your Log In Preferences
To keep your Customer ID and Password secure, we recommend changing them periodically using the links below.

Change Your Customer ID
Change Your Password
Reset a Forgotten or Blocked Password


Registration & Account Setup

Online Registration
(except new UGMA/UTMA 529 Plan and trust account registrants2)





Usage of advisor.fidelity.com constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use and applicable user agreement below.


You are a Destiny Plan account holder if you are a Contractual Plan Holder and therefore receive statements from Boston Financial Data Services.
				
				If the account for which you would like to register is a UGMA/UTMA 529 Plan account, please contact a Fidelity representative at 877-208-0098, Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. Eastern time for assistance.

Before investing, consider the plans' or funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact your investment professional or visit advisor.fidelity.com for an offering statement or prospectus, or a summary prospectus if available, containing this information. Read it carefully.
The Fidelity Advisor 529 Plan is offered by the State of New Hampshire and managed by Fidelity Investments. If you or the designated beneficiary are not a New Hampshire resident, you may want to consider, before investing, whether your or the designated beneficiary's home state offers its residents a plan with alternate state tax advantages or other benefits. Units of the Portfolio are municipal securities and may be subject to market volatility and fluctuation.


 

435622







Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc.

                        © 1996- FMR LLC. All rights reserved.
                       
						Not FDIC insured. May Lose Value. No Bank Guarantee.
						
						By using or logging into this website, you consent to the use of cookies as described in Fidelity's Privacy Policy.




Individual Investor Site User Agreement 
                                        
Terms of Use 
                                        |  Privacy 
                                        |  Communication Policy 
                                
                                 
                        








	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started









































Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking - Barron's










































































 







 


 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Best Online Brokers

Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking
Fidelity takes the top spot, with Interactive Brokers and TD Ameritrade right on its heels


 







By

Theresa W. Carey

 Biography




 




March 18, 2017


The bull market is on sale for online brokerage customers. In the run-up to our 22nd annual ranking of Barron’s Best Online Brokers, two developments topped all others: The three major indexes—the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500, and the Nasdaq Composite—all set record highs, and six brokers slashed commissions and other fees. At the 16 brokers we reviewed this year, the average monthly cost of trading for an occasional investor had fallen 25% since early 2016, to $47.51 from $63.45. That means...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 


 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Boeing: Capitulation Time Again


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 





















