


Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 




Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST (Form: 24F-2NT, Received: 04/28/1998 11:13:08) 











SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




Washington, DC  20549



"Rule 24f-2 Notice"



Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust



(Name of Registrant)



File No. 2-75537







U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Washington, D.C.  20549



FORM 24F-2


Annual Notice of Securities Sold

Pursuant to Rule 24f-2


Read instructions at end of Form Before preparing Form.
Please print or type.


1. Name and address of issuer:      Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust


82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, 02109


2. The name of each series or class of securities for which this
Form is filed (If the Form is being filed for all series and classes
of securities of the issuer, check the box but do not list series
or classes):



Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund



3. Investment Company Act File Number:      811-3361


Securities Act File Number:   2-75537


4(a). Last day of fiscal year for which this Form is filed:   January 31, 1998


4(b). Check box if this Form is being filed late (i.e., more than
90 calendar days after the end of the issuer's fiscal year). (See
Instruction A.2)        [ ]


Note: If the Form is being filed late, interest must be paid on the
registration fee due.


4(c). Check box if this is the last time the issuer will be filing
this Form.  [ ]


5. Calculation of registration fee:


(i). Aggregate sale price of securities sold during the fiscal year
pursuant to section 24(f):      $70,404,498


(ii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased
during the fiscal year:       $(255,383,961)


(iii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased during
any prior fiscal year ending no earlier than October 11, 1995 that
were not previously used to reduce registration fees
payable to the Commission:  $(14,878,457)


(iv). Total available redemption credits

[add Items 5(ii) and 5(iii)]:       $(270,262,418)


(v). Net sales - if Item 5(i) is greater than Item 5(iv) [subtract
Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]:         $0


(vi). Redemption credits available for use in future years - if Item
5(i) is less than Item 5(iv) [subtract
Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]:   $(199,857,920)


(vii). Multiplier for determining
registration fee    x.000295


(viii). Registration fee due [multiply Item 5(v) by Item 5(vii)]
(See x Instruction C.9): (enter "0" if no fee is due): =$0


6. Prepaid Shares
If the response to Item 5(i) was determined by deducting an amount
of securities that were registered under the Securities Act of 1933
pursuant to rule 24e-2 as in effect before October 11, 1997, then
report the amount of securities (number of shares or other units)
deducted here: 21,252,942. If there is a number of shares or other
units that were registered pursuant to rule 24e-2 remaining unsold
at the end of the fiscal year for which this form is filed that are
available for use by the issuer in future fiscal years, then state
that number here: 0.


7. Interest due - if this Form is being filed more than 90 days after
the end of the issuer's fiscal year (see Instruction D):+$0


8. Total of the amount of the registration fee due plus any interest
due [line 5(viii) plus line 7]:=$0


9. Date the registration fee and any interest payment was sent to
the Commission's lockbox depository:


April 20, 1998


[x]   Wire Transfer

[]  Mail or other means



SIGNATURES



This report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the issuer and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



By (Signature and Title)*     John H. Costello




Assistant Treasurer




Date        April 28, 1998



* Please print the name and title of the signing officer below the
signature.






U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Washington, D.C.  20549



FORM 24F-2


Annual Notice of Securities Sold

Pursuant to Rule 24f-2


Read instructions at end of Form Before preparing Form.
Please print or type.


1. Name and address of issuer:      Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust


82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, 02109


2. The name of each series or class of securities for which this
Form is filed (If the Form is being filed for all series and classes
of securities of the issuer, check the box but do not list series
or classes):



Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund



3. Investment Company Act File Number:      811-3361


Securities Act File Number:   2-75537


4(a). Last day of fiscal year for which this Form is filed:   January 31, 1998


4(b). Check box if this Form is being filed late (i.e., more than
90 calendar days after the end of the issuer's fiscal year). (See
Instruction A.2)        [ ]


Note: If the Form is being filed late, interest must be paid on the
registration fee due.


4(c). Check box if this is the last time the issuer will be filing
this Form.  [ ]


5. Calculation of registration fee:


(i). Aggregate sale price of securities sold during the fiscal year
pursuant to section 24(f):      $3,412,062,209


(ii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased
during the fiscal year:       $(3,180,203,918)


(iii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased during
any prior fiscal year ending no earlier than October 11, 1995 that
were not previously used to reduce registration fees
payable to the Commission:  $0


(iv). Total available redemption credits

[add Items 5(ii) and 5(iii)]:       $(3,180,203,918)


(v). Net sales - if Item 5(i) is greater than Item 5(iv) [subtract
Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]:         $231,858,291


(vi). Redemption credits available for use in future years - if Item
5(i) is less than Item 5(iv) [subtract Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]: $(0)


(vii). Multiplier for determining
registration fee    x.000295


(viii). Registration fee due [multiply Item 5(v) by Item 5(vii)]
(See x Instruction C.9): (enter "0" if no fee is due):=$68,398.20


6. Prepaid Shares
If the response to Item 5(i) was determined by deducting an amount
of securities that were registered under the Securities Act of 1933
pursuant to rule 24e-2 as in effect before October 11, 1997, then
report the amount of securities (number of shares or other units)
deducted here: 0. If there is a number of shares or other units that
were registered pursuant to rule 24e-2 remaining unsold at the end
of the fiscal year for which this form is filed that are available
for use by the issuer in future fiscal years, then state that number
here: 0.


7. Interest due - if this Form is being filed more than 90 days after
the end of the issuer's fiscal year (see Instruction D):+$0


8. Total of the amount of the registration fee due plus any interest
due [line 5(viii) plus line 7]:=$68,398.20


9. Date the registration fee and any interest payment was sent to
the Commission's lockbox depository:


April 20, 1998


[x]   Wire Transfer

[]  Mail or other means



SIGNATURES



This report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the issuer and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



By (Signature and Title)*     John H. Costello




Assistant Treasurer




Date        April 28, 1998



* Please print the name and title of the signing officer below the
signature.






U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Washington, D.C.  20549



FORM 24F-2


Annual Notice of Securities Sold

Pursuant to Rule 24f-2


Read instructions at end of Form Before preparing Form.
Please print or type.


1. Name and address of issuer:      Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust


82 Devonshire Street, Boston, MA, 02109


2. The name of each series or class of securities for which this
Form is filed (If the Form is being filed for all series and classes
of securities of the issuer, check the box but do not list series
or classes):



Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund



3. Investment Company Act File Number:      811-3361


Securities Act File Number:   2-75537


4(a). Last day of fiscal year for which this Form is filed:   January 31, 1998


4(b). Check box if this Form is being filed late (i.e., more than
90 calendar days after the end of the issuer's fiscal year). (See
Instruction A.2)        [ ]


Note: If the Form is being filed late, interest must be paid on the
registration fee due.


4(c). Check box if this is the last time the issuer will be filing
this Form.  [ ]


5. Calculation of registration fee:


(i). Aggregate sale price of securities sold during the fiscal year
pursuant to section 24(f):      $818,511,803


(ii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased
during the fiscal year:       $(745,111,081)


(iii). Aggregate price of securities redeemed or repurchased during
any prior fiscal year ending no earlier than October 11, 1995 that
were not previously used to reduce registration fees
payable to the Commission:  $0


(iv). Total available redemption credits

[add Items 5(ii) and 5(iii)]:       $(745,111,081)


(v). Net sales - if Item 5(i) is greater than Item 5(iv) [subtract
Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]:         $73,400,722


(vi). Redemption credits available for use in future years - if Item
5(i) is less than Item 5(iv) [subtract
Item 5(iv) from Item 5(i)]:   $(0)


(vii). Multiplier for determining
registration fee    x.000295


(viii). Registration fee due [multiply Item 5(v) by Item 5(vii)]
(See x Instruction C.9): (enter "0" if no fee is due): =$21,653.21


6. Prepaid Shares
If the response to Item 5(i) was determined by deducting an amount
of securities that were registered under the Securities Act of 1933
pursuant to rule 24e-2 as in effect before October 11, 1997, then
report the amount of securities (number of shares or other units)
deducted here: 0. If there is a number of shares or other units that
were registered pursuant to rule 24e-2 remaining unsold at the end
of the fiscal year for which this form is filed that are available
for use by the issuer in future fiscal years, then state that number
here: 0.


7. Interest due - if this Form is being filed more than 90 days after
the end of the issuer's fiscal year (see Instruction D):+$0


8. Total of the amount of the registration fee due plus any interest
due [line 5(viii) plus line 7]:=$21,653.21


9. Date the registration fee and any interest payment was sent to
the Commission's lockbox depository:


April 20, 1998


[x]   Wire Transfer

[]  Mail or other means



SIGNATURES



This report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the issuer and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



By (Signature and Title)*     John H. Costello




Assistant Treasurer




Date        April 28, 1998



* Please print the name and title of the signing officer below the
signature.







Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in investment-grade municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal and Massachusetts personal income taxes. It invests in securities of any maturity. The fund focuses on factors like credit quality of the issuer, sec...
Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Fidelity Management & Research Company. The fund is co-managed by Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc., Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Inc, and Fidelity Management & Research (U.K.) Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in investment-grade municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal and Massachusetts personal income taxes. It invests in securities of any maturity. The fund focuses on factors like credit quality of the issuer, security-specific features, current and potential future valuation, and trading opportunities to creates its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index and Barclays Massachusetts 3+ Year Enhanced Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund. Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund was formed on November 10, 1983 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


245 Summer StreetBoston, MA 02210United StatesFounded in 1983



Phone: 617-563-7000

Fax: 617-692-1784

fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/315902205







Key Executives for Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund




Mr. Kevin Ramundo


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund Key Developments

Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016
Oct 2 15
Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jan 15, 2016, at 08:30 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: One Spartan Way Merrimack, NH 03054 United States Agenda: To consider the election of board of directors of the company.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund, please visit fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/315902205.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























fidelity massachusetts municipal trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust is an open-ended fixed income mutual fund. The Company invests in municipal securities.




Corporate Information
Address:

82 Devonshire Street
Boston, MA 02109
United States


Phone:
1-617-563-7000


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































SEC Info - Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust - ‘497’ on 1/26/01










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust – ‘497’ on 1/26/01On:  Friday, 1/26/01, at 3:38pm ET   ·   Accession #:  35315-1-500005   ·   File #:  2-75537
Previous ‘497’:  ‘497’ on 7/27/00   ·   Next:  ‘497’ on 3/5/01   ·   Latest:  ‘497’ on 12/1/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 1/26/01  Fidelity Mass Municipal Trust     497                    1:27K                                    Fidelity Salem Street TrF-->Definitive Material   —   Rule 497Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 497         Definitive Material                                 HTML     31K 

D-->H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->


Supplement to 
the Fidelity's 
Massachusetts
Municipal Funds
March 25, 2000 Prospectus

<R>On January 18, 2001, the Board of Trustees of Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund authorized the adoption of a redemption fee of 0.50% of the amount redeemed on shares purchased
after April 16, 2001 that are held less than 30 days.</R>

The following information replaces the fourth bullet under the heading "Principal Investment Strategies" in the "Investment Summary" section for Spartan® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund on page
5.


Managing the fund to have similar overall interest rate risk to the Lehman Brothers Massachusetts 3 Plus Year Enhanced Municipal Bond Index.

The following information replaces similar information found in the "Fee Table" section on page 8.

<R>Shareholder Fees </R>(paid by the investor directly)




<R>Sales charge (load) on purchases and reinvested distributions



None</R>





<R>Deferred sales charge (load) on redemptions



None</R>





<R>Redemption fee on shares held less than 30 days that are purchased after
April 16, 2001 (as a % of amount redeemed) for Spartan MA Municipal Income only



0.50%</R>





<R>Exchange fee for Spartan MA Municipal Money Market onlyA,B



$5.00</R>





<R>Wire transaction fee for Spartan MA Municipal Money Market onlyA



$5.00</R>





<R>Checkwriting fee, per check written for Spartan MA Municipal Money Market onlyA



$2.00</R>





<R>Account closeout fee for Spartan MA Municipal Money Market onlyA



$5.00</R>





<R>Annual account maintenance fee (for accounts under $2,000)



$12.00</R>




<R>A The fees for individual transactions are waived if your account balance at the time of the transaction is $50,000 or more.</R>

<R>B You will not pay an exchange fee if you exchange through any of Fidelity's automated exchange services.</R>

The following information replaces the fifth paragraph under the heading "Principal Investment Strategies" in the "Investment Details" section for Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund on page
11.

FMR uses the Lehman Brothers Massachusetts 3 Plus Year Enhanced Municipal Bond Index as a guide in structuring the fund and selecting its
investments. FMR manages the fund to have similar overall interest rate risk to the index. As of June 30, 2000, the dollar-weighted average maturity
of the fund and the index was approximately 15.7 and 14.4 years, respectively.

MAS-01-01  January 26, 2001
1.479536.106

<R>The following information replaces the first two paragraphs found under the heading "Selling Shares" in the "Buying and Selling Shares" section on page 19.</R>

<R>The price to sell one share of Massachusetts Municipal Money Market and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money Market is the fund's NAV. The
price to sell one share of Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income is the fund's NAV, minus the redemption fee (short-term trading fee), if applicable.
</R>

<R>Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income will deduct a short-term trading fee of 0.50% from the redemption amount (or from your account if you
have written a check) if you sell your shares after holding them less than 30 days. Trading fees are paid to the fund rather than Fidelity, and are designed
to offset the brokerage commissions, market impact, and other costs associated with fluctuations in fund asset levels and cash flow caused by short-term
shareholder trading.</R>

<R>If you bought shares on different days, the shares you held longest will be redeemed first for purposes of determining whether the short-term
trading fee applies. The short-term trading fee does not apply to shares that were acquired through reinvestment of distributions. </R>

<R>Your shares will be sold at the next NAV calculated after your order is received in proper form, minus the short-term trading fee, if applicable. </R>

<R>The following information replaces thirteenth bullet found under the heading "Selling Shares" in the "Buying and Selling Shares" section on page 20.</R>


<R>If you sell shares by writing a check, the NAV and any applicable short-term trading fee will be determined on the date the check is received. If
the amount of the check, plus any applicable fees, is greater than the value of your account, your check will be returned to you and you may be subject
to additional charges.</R>

<R>The following information replaces similar information found under the heading "Policies" in the "Account Features and Policies" section on page 26.</R>

<R>Fidelity may deduct an </R>annual maintenance fee of $12.00 from accounts with a value of less than $2,000. It is expected that accounts
will be valued on the second Friday in November of each calendar year. Accounts opened after September 30 will not be subject to the fee for that
calendar year. The fee, which is payable to Fidelity, is designed to offset in part the relatively higher costs of servicing smaller accounts. This fee will
not be deducted from accounts opened after January 1 of that calendar year if those accounts use regular investment plans.

<R>If your </R>account balance falls below $2,000 for Massachusetts Municipal Money Market, $10,000 for Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money
Market or $5,000 for Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income (except accounts not subject to account minimums), you will be given 30 days' notice to
reestablish the minimum balance. If you do not increase your balance, Fidelity may close your account and send the proceeds to you. Your shares will be
sold at the NAV, minus the short-term trading fee, if applicable, on the day your account is closed and, for Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money Market,
the $5.00 account closeout fee will be charged.

SUPPLEMENT TO THE

FIDELITY® MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL MONEY MARKET FUND
SPARTAN® MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL MONEY MARKET FUND
SPARTAN MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND

March 25, 2000

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

On January 18, 2001, the Board of Trustees of Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund authorized the adoption of a redemption fee of
0.50% of the amount redeemed on shares purchased after April 16, 2001 that are held for less than 30 days.

The following information replaces the similar information found in the "Performance" section on page 21.

Yield Calculations (Bond Fund). Yields for the fund are computed by dividing the fund's interest and income for a given 30-day or one-month
period, net of expenses, by the average number of shares entitled to receive distributions during the period, dividing this figure by the fund's NAV at
the end of the period, and annualizing the result (assuming compounding of income) in order to arrive at an annual percentage rate. Yields do not
reflect the fund's short-term trading fee. Income is calculated for purposes of yield quotations in accordance with standardized methods applicable
to all stock and bond funds. In general, interest income is reduced with respect to bonds trading at a premium over their par value by subtracting a
portion of the premium from income on a daily basis, and is increased with respect to bonds trading at a discount by adding a portion of the discount
to daily income. Capital gains and losses generally are excluded from the calculation.

The following information replaces the similar information found under the heading "Return Calculations" in the "Performance" section on
page 23.

In addition to average annual returns, a fund may quote unaveraged or cumulative returns reflecting the simple change in value of an investment
over a stated period. Average annual and cumulative returns may be quoted as a percentage or as a dollar amount, and may be calculated for a single
investment, a series of investments, or a series of redemptions, over any time period. Returns may be broken down into their components of income
and capital (including capital gains and changes in share price) to illustrate the relationship of these factors and their contributions to return.
Returns may be quoted on a before-tax or after-tax basis. After-tax returns reflect the return of a hypothetical account after payment of federal
and/or state taxes using assumed tax rates. After-tax returns may assume that taxes are paid at the time of distribution or once a year or are paid in
cash or by selling shares, that shares are held through the entire period, sold on the last day of the period, or sold at a future date, and distributions are
reinvested or paid in cash. Returns may or may not include the effect of a fund's short-term trading fee, the effect of a fund's small account fee, or
the effect of a fund's account closeout fee. Excluding a fund's short-term trading fee, small account fee, or account closeout fee from a return
calculation produces a higher return figure. Returns, yields and other performance information may be quoted numerically or in a table, graph, or
similar illustration.

The following information replaces the similar information found in the "Performance" section on page 23.

Historical Bond Fund Results. The following table shows the fund's yield, tax-equivalent yield, and returns for the fiscal periods ended
January 31, 2000.

For Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income, returns do not include the effect of the fund's 0.50% short-term trading fee, applicable to shares
purchased after April 16, 2001 that are held for less than 30 days.

The following information replaces the similar information found in the"Performance" section on page 25.

Explanatory Notes: With an initial investment of $10,000 in Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income on February 1, 1990, the net amount
invested in fund shares was $10,000. The cost of the initial investment ($10,000) together with the aggregate cost of reinvested dividends and
capital gain distributions for the period covered (their cash value at the time they were reinvested) amounted to $19,550. If distributions had not
been reinvested, the amount of distributions earned from the fund over time would have been smaller, and cash payments for the period would have
amounted to $6,045 for dividends and $736 for capital gain distributions. The figures in the table do not include the effect of the fund's 0.50%
short-term trading fee applicable to shares purchased after April 16, 2001 that are held for less than 30 days.

The following information replaces the similar information found in the"Trustees and Officers" section beginning on page 27.

The Trustees, Members of the Advisory Board, and executive officers of the trust and funds, as applicable, are listed below. The Board of
Trustees governs each fund and is responsible for protecting the interests of shareholders. The Trustees are experienced executives who meet
periodically throughout the year to oversee each fund's activities, review contractual arrangements with companies that provide services to each
fund, and review each fund's performance. Except as indicated, each individual has held the office shown or other offices in the same company for
the past five years. All persons named as Trustees and Members of the Advisory Board also serve in similar capacities for other funds advised by
FMR or its affiliates. The business address of each Trustee, Member of the Advisory Board, and officer who is an "interested person" (as defined in
the 1940 Act) is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, which is also the address of FMR. The business address of all the other
Trustees is Fidelity Investments, P.O. Box 9235, Boston, Massachusetts 02205-9235. Those Trustees who are "interested persons" by virtue of
their affiliation with either the trust or FMR are indicated by an asterisk (*).

MASB-01-01  January 26, 2001
1.475751.107

During the period from March 16, 2000 through December 31, 2000, Mr. Cook served as a Member of the Advisory Board. Effective
January 1, 2001, Mr. Cook serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees. The following information supplements the information found in the
"Trustees and Officers" section beginning on page 27.

J. MICHAEL COOK (58), Trustee (2001). Prior to Mr. Cook's retirement in May 1999, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Deloitte & Touche LLP, Chairman of the Deloitte & Touche Foundation, and a member of the Board of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. He currently
serves as a Director of Dow Chemical Company (2000), HCA - The Healthcare Company (1999), and Children First (1999). He is a member of the
Executive Committee of the Securities Regulation Institute, past chairman and a member of the Board of Catalyst (a leading organization for the
advancement of women in business), and a Director of the STAR Foundation (Society to Advance the Retarded and Handicapped). He also serves as a
member of the Board and Executive Committee and as Co-Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee of the Center for Strategic & International
Studies, a member of the Board of Overseers of the Columbia Business School, and a Member of the Advisory Board of the Graduate School of
Business of the University of Florida.

During the period from June 15, 2000 through December 31, 2000, Ms. Knowles served as a Member of the Advisory Board. Effective January
1, 2001, Ms. Knowles serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees. The following information supplements the information found in the
"Trustees and Officers" section beginning on page 27.

MARIE L. KNOWLES (54), Trustee (2001). Prior to Ms. Knowles' retirement in June 2000, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) (diversified energy, 1996-2000). From 1993 to 1996, she was a Senior Vice President of
ARCO and President of ARCO Transportation Company. She served as a Director of ARCO from 1996 to 1998. She currently serves as a Director
of Phelps Dodge Corporation (copper mining and manufacturing, 1994), URS Corporation (multidisciplinary engineering, 1999), and America
West Holdings Corporation (aviation and travel services, 1999) and previously served as a Director of ARCO Chemical Corporation and Vastar
Resources, Inc. Ms. Knowles serves as a member of the National Board of the Smithsonian Institution, she is a Trustee of the Brookings Institution
and serves as a member of the Advisory Board for the School of Engineering of the University of Southern California.

Effective January 1,2001, Mr. Mann serves as Chairman of the non-interested Trustees. The following information replaces the similar
information found in the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

MARVIN L. MANN (67), Trustee and Chairman of the non-interested Trustees (2001), is Chairman Emeritus of Lexmark International, Inc.
(office machines, 1991) where he remains a member of the Board. Prior to 1991, he held the positions of Vice President of International Business
Machines Corporation ("IBM") and President and General Manager of various IBM divisions and subsidiaries. Mr. Mann is a Director of PolyOne
Corporation (chemicals, 1993), Imation Corp. (imaging and information storage, 1997). He is a Board member of Acterna Corporation
(electronics, 1999).

Mr. McDonough served on the Board of Trustees through December 31, 2000. The following information has been removed from the "Trustees
and Officers" section on page 28 .

GERALD C. McDONOUGH (71), Trustee and Chairman of the non-interested Trustees, is Chairman of G.M. Management Group (strategic
advisory services). Mr. McDonough is a Director and Chairman of the Board of York International Corp. (air conditioning and refrigeration),
Commercial Intertech Corp. (hydraulic systems, building systems, and metal products, 1992), CUNO, Inc. (liquid and gas filtration products,
1996), and Associated Estates Realty Corporation (a real estate investment trust, 1993). Mr. McDonough served as a Director of ACME-Cleveland
Corp. (metal working, telecommunications, and electronic products) from 1987-1996 and Brush-Wellman Inc. (metal refining) from 1983-1997.

Effective November 1, 2000, Mr. Stavropoulos serves as a Member of the Advisory Board. The following information supplements the
information found in the "Trustees and Officers" section beginning on page 27.

WILLIAM S. STAVROPOULOS (61), Member of the Advisory Board (2000), is Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Executive
Committee (2000) and a Director of The Dow Chemical Company. Since joining The Dow Chemical Company in 1967, Mr. Stavropoulos served
in numerous senior management positions, including President (1993-2000) and Chief Executive Officer (1995-2000). Currently, he is a Director
of Dow Corning Corporation, NCR Corporation (data warehousing and technology solutions, 1997), BellSouth Corporation (1997), and the
Chemical Financial Corporation. He also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy
Research and Fordham University. In addition, Mr. Stavropoulos is a member of the American Chemical Society, The Business Council, J.P.
Morgan International Council, World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and the University of Notre Dame Advisory Council for the
College of Science.

Mr. Williams served on the Board of Trustees through December 31, 2000. The following information has been removed from the "Trustees and
Officers" section on page 29.

THOMAS R. WILLIAMS (71), Trustee, is President of The Wales Group, Inc. (management and financial advisory services). Prior to retiring
in 1987, Mr. Williams served as Chairman of the Board of First Wachovia Corporation (bank holding company), and Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of The First National Bank of Atlanta and First Atlanta Corporation (bank holding company). He is currently a Director of
National Life Insurance Company of Vermont and American Software, Inc. Mr. Williams was previously a Director of ConAgra, Inc. (agricultural
products), Georgia Power Company (electric utility), and Avado, Inc. (restaurants).

The following information replaces the similar information found in the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

DWIGHT D. CHURCHILL (47) is Vice President of Massachusetts Municipal Money Market and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money
Market (2000) and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income. He serves as President of Fidelity's Fixed-Income Division (2000), Vice President
of Fidelity's Money Market Funds (2000), Vice President of Fidelity's Bond Funds, Senior Vice President of FMR (1997), and Vice President of
FIMM (1998). Mr. Churchill joined Fidelity in 1993 as Vice President and Group Leader of Taxable Fixed-Income Investments.

The following information replaces the similar information found in the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

BOYCE I. GREER (44) is Vice President of Massachusetts Municipal Money Market and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money Market
(1997) and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Income (2000). He serves as Vice President of Fidelity's Municipal Bond Funds (2000), Group
Leader of Fidelity's Municipal Bond Group (2000), Vice President of Fidelity's Money Market Funds (1997), Group Leader of Fidelity's Money
Market Group (1997), Senior Vice President of FMR (1997), and Vice President of FIMM (1998). Mr. Greer served as the Leader of the
Fixed-Income Group for Fidelity Management Trust Company (1993-1995) and was Vice President and Group Leader of Fidelity's Municipal
Fixed-Income Investments (1996-1997).

The following information has been removed from the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

FRED L. HENNING, JR. (60), is Vice President of Bond Funds and of Money Market Funds (through April 2, 2000), President of Fidelity
Investments Fixed-Income Division (1998 through April 2, 2000), and Senior Vice President of FMR and of Fidelity Investments Money
Management, Inc. Mr. Henning joined Fidelity in 1977 as portfolio manager for Fidelity Daily Income Trust Fund. Since then, he has held a
number of positions with FMR and its affiliates and serves as a Trustee of other investment companies managed or advised by FMR.

The following information has been removed from the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

SCOTT A. ORR (36), is Vice President and manager of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market and Spartan Massachusetts
Municipal Market, which he has managed since November 1997. He also manages other Fidelity funds. Since joining Fidelity in 1989, Mr. Orr has
worked as an analyst and manager.

The following information supplements the information found in the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

NORMAN U. LIND (44) is Vice President of Massachusetts Municipal Money Market (2000) and Spartan Massachusetts Municipal Money Market
(2000) and other funds advised by FMR. Prior to his current responsibilities, Mr. Lind managed a variety of Fidelity funds.

The following information has been removed from the "Trustees and Officers" section on page 29.

MATTHEW N. KARSTETTER (38), Deputy Treasurer (1998), is Deputy Treasurer of the Fidelity funds and is an employee of FMR (1998).
Before joining FMR, Mr. Karstetter served as Vice President of Investment Accounting and Treasurer of IDS Mutual Funds at American Express
Financial Advisors (1996-1998). Prior to 1996, Mr. Karstetter was Vice President, Mutual Fund Services at State Street Bank & Trust (1991-1996).




R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘497’ Filing    Date    Other Filings4/16/01Filed on:1/26/011/18/011/1/0112/31/0011/1/006/30/006/15/004/2/003/25/00485BPOS3/16/001/31/0024F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-B List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000035315-01-500005   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 17:32:19.0 GMT 



 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST (Form: NSAR-B, Received: 03/31/2015 15:40:54) 

















000 B000000 01/31/2015
000 C000000 0000357057
000 D000000 N
000 E000000 NF
000 F000000 Y
000 G000000 N
000 H000000 N
000 I000000 6.1
000 J000000 A
001 A000000 FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST
001 B000000 811-03361
001 C000000 6037917481
002 A000000 245 SUMMER STREET
002 B000000 BOSTON
002 C000000 MA
002 D010000 02210
003  000000 N
004  000000 N
005  000000 N
006  000000 N
007 A000000 Y
007 B000000  3
007 C010100  1
007 C020100 Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Mkt
007 C030100 N
007 C010200  2
007 C020200 Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund
007 C030200 N
007 C010300  3
007 C020300 Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Mkt
007 C030300 N
008 A00AA01 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH COMPANY (FMR)
008 B00AA01 A
008 C00AA01 801-7884
008 D01AA01 BOSTON
008 D02AA01 MA
008 D03AA01 02210
008 A00AA02 FIDELITY INVESTMENTS MONEY MANAGEMENT, INC.
008 B00AA02 S
008 C00AA02 801-34590
008 D01AA02 BOSTON
008 D02AA02 MA
008 D03AA02 02210
008 A00AA03 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH (U.K.),INC.
008 B00AA03 S
008 C00AA03 801-28773
008 D01AA03 BOSTON
008 D02AA03 MA
008 D03AA03 02210
008 A00AA04 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH (HONG KONG)LTD
008 B00AA04 S













008 C00AA04 801-69507
008 D01AA04 HONG KONG
008 D05AA04 HONG KONG, SAR
008 A00AA05 FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH (JAPAN) LTD
008 B00AA05 S
008 C00AA05 801-69571
008 D01AA05 BOSTON
008 D02AA05 MA
008 D03AA05 02210
011 A00AA01 FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS CORPORATION
011 B00AA01 8-8775
011 C01AA01 SMITHFIELD
011 C02AA01 RI
011 C03AA01 02917
012 A00AA01 CITIBANK, N.A.
012 B00AA01 85-10232
012 C01AA01 NEW YORK
012 C02AA01 NY
012 C03AA01 10022
012 A00AA02 FIDELITY INVESTMENTS INSTIT. OPERATIONS CO.
012 B00AA02 84-1839
012 C01AA02 BOSTON
012 C02AA02 MA
012 C03AA02 02210
013 A00AA01 DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
013 B01AA01 BOSTON
013 B02AA01 MA
013 B03AA01 02116
014 A00AA01 FIDELITY DISTRIBUTORS CORPORATION
014 B00AA01 8-8775
014 A00AA02 FIDELITY BROKERAGE SERVICES LLC
014 B00AA02 8-23292
014 A00AA03 NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC
014 B00AA03 8-26740
014 A00AA04 FIDELITY BROKERAGE SERVICES JAPAN LLC
014 B00AA04 8-00000
014 A00AA05 FIDELITY INVESTMENTS CANADA LTD.
014 B00AA05 8-0000
015 A000101 CITIBANK, N.A.
015 B000101 C
015 C010101 NEW YORK
015 C020101 NY
015 C030101 10286
015 E010101 X
015 A000102 CITIBANK N.A.
015 B000102 S
015 C010102 NEW YORK
015 C020102 NY
015 C030102 10005
015 A000201 CITIBANK, N.A.
015 B000201 C













015 C010201 NEW YORK
015 C020201 NY
015 C030201 10286
015 E010201 X
015 A000202 CITIBANK, N.A.
015 B000202 S
015 C010202 NEW YORK
015 C020202 NY
015 C030202 10286
015 E010202 X
015 A000301 CITIBANK, N.A.
015 B000301 C
015 C010301 NEW YORK
015 C020301 NY
015 C030301 10286
015 E010301 X
015 A000302 CITIBANK, N.A.
015 B000302 S
015 C010302 NEW YORK
015 C020302 NY
015 C030302 10286
015 E010302 X
018  00AA00 Y
019 A00AA00 Y
019 B00AA00  500
019 C00AA00 FIDELITYZZ
021  000000        0
022 A000001 FIDELITY MUNICIPAL CASH CENTRAL FUND
022 B000001 04-3333397
022 C000001   1082894
022 D000001   1012707
022 A000002 JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.
022 B000002 13-3224016
022 C000002   1711099
022 D000002    235904
022 A000003 MERRILL LYNCH & CO., INC.
022 B000003 13-2740599
022 C000003    703140
022 D000003    199418
022 A000004 CITIGROUP, INC.
022 B000004 04-3531811
022 C000004    661008
022 D000004     21060
022 A000005 MORGAN STANLEY
022 B000005 13-2655998
022 C000005    514408
022 D000005    125705
022 A000006 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA
022 B000006 66-0178435
022 C000006    151384
022 D000006    160438













022 A000007 GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC.
022 B000007 13-5108880
022 C000007    118144
022 D000007    180092
022 A000008 BARCLAYS PLC
022 B000008 13-4942190
022 C000008    282749
022 D000008      8512
022 A000009 FIDELITY TAX-FREE CASH CENTRAL FUND
022 B000009 20-0509131
022 C000009    118565
022 D000009    135084
022 A000010 WELLS FARGO & CO
022 B000010 41-0449260
022 C000010    117173
022 D000010     56514
023 C000000    6135887
023 D000000    3148742
024  000100 N
024  000200 N
024  000300 N
026 A000000 N
026 B000000 N
026 C000000 N
026 D000000 Y
026 E000000 Y
026 F000000 N
026 G010000 N
026 G020000 N
026 H000000 N
027  000000 Y
028 A010100    983437
028 A020100        51
028 A030100         0
028 A040100    969628
028 B010100    996100
028 B020100        52
028 B030100         0
028 B040100   1066305
028 C010100   1211692
028 C020100        50
028 C030100         0
028 C040100   1194561
028 D010100    877143
028 D020100       414
028 D030100         0
028 D040100    870241
028 E010100   1704304
028 E020100        50
028 E030100         0
028 E040100   1295757













028 F010100   1428224
028 F020100        57
028 F030100         0
028 F040100   1456482
028 G010100   7200900
028 G020100       674
028 G030100         0
028 G040100   6852974
028 H000100         0
028 A010200     24406
028 A020200      3753
028 A030200         0
028 A040200     15937
028 B010200     18863
028 B020200      3627
028 B030200         0
028 B040200     17934
028 C010200     27692
028 C020200      3759
028 C030200         0
028 C040200     19510
028 D010200     24649
028 D020200      3640
028 D030200         0
028 D040200     16658
028 E010200     27948
028 E020200      3786
028 E030200         0
028 E040200     20052
028 F010200     35761
028 F020200      3803
028 F030200         0
028 F040200     22616
028 G010200    159319
028 G020200     22368
028 G030200         0
028 G040200    112707
028 H000200         0
028 A010300     13769
028 A020300         6
028 A030300         0
028 A040300     28397
028 B010300     12487
028 B020300         6
028 B030300         0
028 B040300     20463
028 C010300     17363
028 C020300         6
028 C030300         0
028 C040300     27115
028 D010300      7543













028 D020300       175
028 D030300         0
028 D040300     14379
028 E010300     17989
028 E020300         5
028 E030300         0
028 E040300     23125
028 F010300     17657
028 F020300         5
028 F030300         0
028 F040300     27963
028 G010300     86808
028 G020300       203
028 G030300         0
028 G040300    141442
028 H000300         0
029  00AA00 N
030 A00AA00      0
030 B00AA00  0.00
030 C00AA00  0.00
031 A00AA00      0
031 B00AA00      0
032  00AA00      0
033  00AA00      0
034  00AA00 N
035  00AA00      0
036 B00AA00      0
037  000100 N
037  000200 Y
037  000300 N
038  000100      0
038  000200      9
038  000300      0
039  000100 N
039  000200 N
039  000300 N
040  000100 Y
040  000200 Y
040  000300 Y
041  000100 N
041  000200 N
041  000300 Y
042 A000100   0
042 B000100   0
042 C000100   0
042 D000100   0
042 E000100   0
042 F000100   0
042 G000100   0
042 H000100   0
042 A000200   0













042 B000200   0
042 C000200   0
042 D000200   0
042 E000200   0
042 F000200   0
042 G000200   0
042 H000200   0
042 A000300   0
042 B000300   0
042 C000300 100
042 D000300   0
042 E000300   0
042 F000300   0
042 G000300   0
042 H000300   0
043  000100      0
043  000200      0
043  000300      0
044  000100      0
044  000200      0
044  000300      0
045  000100 Y
045  000200 Y
045  000300 Y
046  000100 N
046  000200 N
046  000300 N
047  000100 N
047  000200 N
047  000300 Y
048  000100  0.000
048 A010100        0
048 A020100 0.000
048 B010100        0
048 B020100 0.000
048 C010100        0
048 C020100 0.000
048 D010100        0
048 D020100 0.000
048 E010100        0
048 E020100 0.000
048 F010100        0
048 F020100 0.000
048 G010100        0
048 G020100 0.000
048 H010100        0
048 H020100 0.000
048 I010100        0
048 I020100 0.000
048 J010100        0
048 J020100 0.000













048 K010100        0
048 K020100 0.000
048  000200  0.000
048 A010200        0
048 A020200 0.000
048 B010200        0
048 B020200 0.000
048 C010200        0
048 C020200 0.000
048 D010200        0
048 D020200 0.000
048 E010200        0
048 E020200 0.000
048 F010200        0
048 F020200 0.000
048 G010200        0
048 G020200 0.000
048 H010200        0
048 H020200 0.000
048 I010200        0
048 I020200 0.000
048 J010200        0
048 J020200 0.000
048 K010200        0
048 K020200 0.000
048  000300  0.200
048 A010300        0
048 A020300 0.000
048 B010300        0
048 B020300 0.000
048 C010300        0
048 C020300 0.000
048 D010300        0
048 D020300 0.000
048 E010300        0
048 E020300 0.000
048 F010300        0
048 F020300 0.000
048 G010300        0
048 G020300 0.000
048 H010300        0
048 H020300 0.000
048 I010300        0
048 I020300 0.000
048 J010300        0
048 J020300 0.000
048 K010300        0
048 K020300 0.000
049  000100 N
049  000200 N
049  000300 N













050  000100 N
050  000200 N
050  000300 N
051  000100 N
051  000200 N
051  000300 N
052  000100 Y
052  000200 Y
052  000300 N
053 A000100 Y
053 B000100 Y
053 C000100 N
053 A000200 Y
053 B000200 Y
053 C000200 N
053 A000300 Y
053 B000300 Y
053 C000300 N
054 A000100 Y
054 B000100 Y
054 C000100 N
054 D000100 N
054 E000100 N
054 F000100 N
054 G000100 Y
054 H000100 Y
054 I000100 N
054 J000100 Y
054 K000100 Y
054 L000100 N
054 M000100 Y
054 N000100 Y
054 O000100 Y
054 A000200 Y
054 B000200 Y
054 C000200 N
054 D000200 N
054 E000200 N
054 F000200 N
054 G000200 Y
054 H000200 Y
054 I000200 N
054 J000200 Y
054 K000200 Y
054 L000200 N
054 M000200 Y
054 N000200 Y
054 O000200 Y
054 A000300 Y
054 B000300 Y
054 C000300 Y













054 D000300 Y
054 E000300 Y
054 F000300 Y
054 G000300 Y
054 H000300 Y
054 I000300 N
054 J000300 Y
054 K000300 Y
054 L000300 Y
054 M000300 Y
054 N000300 Y
054 O000300 Y
055 A000100 N
055 B000100 N
055 A000200 N
055 B000200 N
055 A000300 N
055 B000300 N
056  000100 Y
056  000200 Y
056  000300 Y
057  000100 N
057  000200 N
057  000300 N
058 A000100 N
058 A000200 N
058 A000300 N
059  000100 Y
059  000200 Y
059  000300 Y
060 A000100 Y
060 B000100 Y
060 A000200 N
060 B000200 N
060 A000300 Y
060 B000300 Y
061  000100     5000
061  000200    10000
061  000300    25000
062 A000100 Y
062 B000100   0.0
062 C000100   0.0
062 D000100   0.0
062 E000100  85.5
062 F000100   0.0
062 G000100   0.0
062 H000100   0.0
062 I000100   0.0
062 J000100   0.0
062 K000100   0.0
062 L000100   9.8













062 M000100   0.0
062 N000100   0.0
062 O000100   0.0
062 P000100   0.0
062 Q000100   0.0
062 R000100   0.0
062 A000200 Y
062 B000200   0.0
062 C000200   0.0
062 D000200   0.0
062 E000200   0.0
062 F000200   0.0
062 G000200   0.0
062 H000200   0.0
062 I000200   0.0
062 J000200   0.0
062 K000200   0.0
062 L000200   0.0
062 M000200   0.0
062 N000200   0.0
062 O000200  98.3
062 P000200   0.0
062 Q000200   0.0
062 R000200   0.0
062 A000300 Y
062 B000300   0.0
062 C000300   0.0
062 D000300   0.0
062 E000300  88.7
062 F000300   0.0
062 G000300   0.0
062 H000300   0.0
062 I000300   0.0
062 J000300   0.0
062 K000300   0.0
062 L000300   9.3
062 M000300   0.0
062 N000300   0.0
062 O000300   0.0
062 P000300   0.0
062 Q000300   0.0
062 R000300   0.0
063 A000100  37
063 B000100  0.0
063 A000200   0
063 B000200  6.1
063 A000300  35
063 B000300  0.0
064 A000100 Y
064 B000100 N
064 A000200 Y













064 B000200 N
064 A000300 Y
064 B000300 N
066 A00AA00 N
067  00AA00 N
068 A00AA00 N
068 B00AA00 N
069  00AA00 N
070 A010100 N
070 A020100 N
070 B010100 N
070 B020100 N
070 C010100 N
070 C020100 N
070 D010100 N
070 D020100 N
070 E010100 N
070 E020100 N
070 F010100 N
070 F020100 N
070 G010100 N
070 G020100 N
070 H010100 N
070 H020100 N
070 I010100 N
070 I020100 N
070 J010100 Y
070 J020100 Y
070 K010100 Y
070 K020100 Y
070 L010100 N
070 L020100 N
070 M010100 N
070 M020100 N
070 N010100 N
070 N020100 N
070 O010100 Y
070 O020100 N
070 P010100 Y
070 P020100 Y
070 Q010100 N
070 Q020100 N
070 R010100 N
070 R020100 N
070 A010200 N
070 A020200 N
070 B010200 N
070 B020200 N
070 C010200 Y
070 C020200 N
070 D010200 N













070 D020200 N
070 E010200 Y
070 E020200 N
070 F010200 N
070 F020200 N
070 G010200 Y
070 G020200 N
070 H010200 N
070 H020200 N
070 I010200 Y
070 I020200 N
070 J010200 Y
070 J020200 Y
070 K010200 Y
070 K020200 N
070 L010200 N
070 L020200 N
070 M010200 N
070 M020200 N
070 N010200 N
070 N020200 N
070 O010200 Y
070 O020200 N
070 P010200 Y
070 P020200 N
070 Q010200 N
070 Q020200 N
070 R010200 Y
070 R020200 N
070 A010300 N
070 A020300 N
070 B010300 N
070 B020300 N
070 C010300 N
070 C020300 N
070 D010300 N
070 D020300 N
070 E010300 N
070 E020300 N
070 F010300 N
070 F020300 N
070 G010300 N
070 G020300 N
070 H010300 N
070 H020300 N
070 I010300 N
070 I020300 N
070 J010300 Y
070 J020300 Y
070 K010300 Y
070 K020300 Y













070 L010300 N
070 L020300 N
070 M010300 N
070 M020300 N
070 N010300 N
070 N020300 N
070 O010300 Y
070 O020300 N
070 P010300 Y
070 P020300 Y
070 Q010300 N
070 Q020300 N
070 R010300 Y
070 R020300 N
071 A000100         0
071 B000100         0
071 C000100         0
071 D000100    0
071 A000200    270357
071 B000200    167288
071 C000200   2066856
071 D000200    8
071 A000300         0
071 B000300         0
071 C000300         0
071 D000300    0
072 A000100 12
072 B000100     4326
072 C000100        0
072 D000100        0
072 E000100      381
072 F000100    23229
072 G000100        0
072 H000100        0
072 I000100     7459
072 J000100       72
072 K000100        0
072 L000100        0
072 M000100       28
072 N000100       47
072 O000100        0
072 P000100        0
072 Q000100      541
072 R000100       43
072 S000100       23
072 T000100        0
072 U000100        0
072 V000100        0
072 W000100       35
072 X000100    31477
072 Y000100    27415













072 Z000100      645
072AA000100      913
072BB000100        0
072CC010100        0
072CC020100        0
072DD010100      643
072DD020100        0
072EE000100      377
072 A000200 12
072 B000200    78664
072 C000200        0
072 D000200        0
072 E000200        0
072 F000200     7584
072 G000200        0
072 H000200        0
072 I000200     1485
072 J000200       28
072 K000200        0
072 L000200        0
072 M000200        9
072 N000200       27
072 O000200        0
072 P000200        0
072 Q000200      379
072 R000200       51
072 S000200        7
072 T000200        0
072 U000200        0
072 V000200        0
072 W000200       18
072 X000200     9588
072 Y000200        8
072 Z000200    69084
072AA000200      362
072BB000200        0
072CC010200   129201
072CC020200        0
072DD010200    68964
072DD020200        0
072EE000200     3865
072 A000300 12
072 B000300      541
072 C000300        0
072 D000300        0
072 E000300       38
072 F000300     1545
072 G000300        0
072 H000300        0
072 I000300      510
072 J000300        0













072 K000300        0
072 L000300        0
072 M000300        4
072 N000300        0
072 O000300        0
072 P000300        0
072 Q000300        0
072 R000300        0
072 S000300        0
072 T000300        0
072 U000300        0
072 V000300        0
072 W000300        0
072 X000300     2059
072 Y000300     1557
072 Z000300       77
072AA000300      223
072BB000300        0
072CC010300        0
072CC020300        0
072DD010300       25
072DD020300       52
072EE000300      191
073 A010100   0.0000
073 A020100   0.0000
073 B000100   0.0000
073 C000100   0.0000
073 A010200   0.4050
073 A020200   0.0000
073 B000200   0.0230
073 C000200   0.0000
073 A010300   0.0000
073 A020300   0.0000
073 B000300   0.0000
073 C000300   0.0000
074 A000100   326674
074 B000100        0
074 C000100  5727602
074 D000100        0
074 E000100        0
074 F000100        0
074 G000100        0
074 H000100        0
074 I000100   658885
074 J000100     3000
074 K000100       13
074 L000100    50882
074 M000100       13
074 N000100  6767069
074 O000100    15887
074 P000100     1553













074 Q000100        0
074 R010100        0
074 R020100        0
074 R030100        0
074 R040100    47981
074 S000100        0
074 T000100  6701648
074 U010100  6695856
074 U020100        0
074 V010100     1.00
074 V020100     0.00
074 W000100   1.0009
074 X000100    92547
074 Y000100        0
074 A000200    15772
074 B000200        0
074 C000200        0
074 D000200  2190129
074 E000200        0
074 F000200        0
074 G000200        0
074 H000200        0
074 I000200        0
074 J000200        0
074 K000200        0
074 L000200    25801
074 M000200        4
074 N000200  2231706
074 O000200        0
074 P000200     1141
074 Q000200        0
074 R010200        0
074 R020200        0
074 R030200        0
074 R040200     3401
074 S000200        0
074 T000200  2227164
074 U010200   174976
074 U020200        0
074 V010200    12.73
074 V020200     0.00
074 W000200   0.0000
074 X000200    18757
074 Y000200        0
074 A000300    11657
074 B000300        0
074 C000300   638792
074 D000300        0
074 E000300        0
074 F000300        0
074 G000300        0













074 H000300        0
074 I000300    66700
074 J000300     2500
074 K000300       20
074 L000300     1178
074 M000300        0
074 N000300   720847
074 O000300        0
074 P000300      128
074 Q000300        0
074 R010300        0
074 R020300        0
074 R030300        0
074 R040300      494
074 S000300        0
074 T000300   720225
074 U010300   235533
074 U020300   483751
074 V010300     0.00
074 V020300     0.00
074 W000300   1.0013
074 X000300     2311
074 Y000300        0
075 A000100  6434229
075 B000100        0
075 A000200        0
075 B000200  2100698
075 A000300   774155
075 B000300        0
076  000100     0.00
076  000200     0.00
076  000300     0.00
077 A000000 Y
077 B000000 Y
077 C000000 N
077 D000000 N
077 E000000 N
077 F000000 N
077 G000000 N
077 H000000 N
077 I000000 N
077 J000000 N
077 K000000 N
077 L000000 N
077 M000000 N
077 N000000 N
077 O000000 Y
077 P000000 N
077 Q010000 Y
077 Q020000 N
077 Q030000 N













078  000000 N
080 A00AA00 National Union Fire Insurance Co. of PITT PA
080 B00AA00 Westchester Fire Insurance Company (ACE)
080 C00AA00   220000
081 A00AA00 Y
081 B00AA00 404
082 A00AA00 Y
082 B00AA00      400
083 A00AA00 N
083 B00AA00        0
084 A00AA00 N
084 B00AA00        0
085 A00AA00 Y
085 B00AA00 N
086 A010000      0
086 A020000      0
086 B010000      0
086 B020000      0
086 C010000      0
086 C020000      0
086 D010000      0
086 D020000      0
086 E010000      0
086 E020000      0
086 F010000      0
086 F020000      0
SIGNATURE   STEPHANIE J. DORSEY
TITLE       PRESIDENT AND TREASURER
















	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



	To the Trustees of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust and the Shareholders of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income
	Fund, Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund and Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund:


	In planning and performing our audits of the financial statements of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund, Fidelity
	Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund and Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (the "Funds"),
	each a fund of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust, as of and for the year ended January 31, 2015, in accordance with the
	standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), we considered the Funds' internal control over
	financial reporting, including controls over safeguarding securities, as a basis for designing our auditing procedures for the purpose of expressing our opinions on the financial statements and to comply with the requirements of Form N-SAR, but not for
	the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Funds' internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
	we express no such opinion.


	The management of the Funds is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. In fulfilling this responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and
	related costs of controls. A fund's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A fund's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
	and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the fund; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
	permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
	expenditures of the fund are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management of the fund and trustees of the
	trust; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of a fund's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


	Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
	of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


	A deficiency in internal control over financial reporting exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a
	timely basis.  A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
	such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a fund's annual or interim financial statements will not
	be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


	Our consideration of the Funds' internal control over financial reporting was for the limited purpose described in the first paragraph and would not necessarily disclose all deficiencies in internal control that might be material weaknesses under standards
	established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). However, we noted no deficiencies in the
	Funds' internal control over financial reporting and its operation, including controls for safeguarding securities, that we consider to be a material weakness, as defined above, as of January 31, 2015.


	This report is intended solely for the information and use of management, the Trustees of Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal
	Trust and the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these
	specified parties.


	/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP


	Boston, Massachusetts


	March 17, 2015













	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market
	Fund






	Trade Date




	12/11/14






	Settle Date




	12/18/14






	Security Name




	HOLDEN MA 5% 10/15/2015






	CUSIP




	434830QM0






	Price




	103.962










	Transaction Value




	$ 2,775,785.40






	Class Size




	$ 15,060,000






	% of Offering




	17.729%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Wedbush
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market
	Fund






	Trade Date




	12/9/14






	Settle Date




	12/16/14






	Security Name




	WORCESTER MA 2% 11/1/2015






	CUSIP




	981306FX6






	Price




	101.590










	Transaction Value




	$ 4,413,392.21






	Class Size




	$ 30,899,080






	% of Offering




	14.059%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Wedbush
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/11/14






	Settle Date




	1/7/15






	Security Name




	MASS CLEAN WATR TRST 5% 2/1/29






	CUSIP




	575829AP1






	Price




	120.167










	Transaction Value




	$ 7,636,612.85






	Class Size




	$ 151,855,000






	% of Offering




	4.185%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	Drexel Hamilton, L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Wells Fargo Securities
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/11/14






	Settle Date




	1/7/15






	Security Name




	MASS CLEAN WATR TRST 5% 2/1/28






	CUSIP




	575829AN6






	Price




	120.889










	Transaction Value




	$ 4,231,115.00






	Class Size




	$ 151,855,000






	% of Offering




	2.305%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	Drexel Hamilton, L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Wells Fargo Securities
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/10/14






	Settle Date




	12/17/14






	Security Name




	MA ST COLL BLDG SER D 5% 5/1/41






	CUSIP




	575831BS0






	Price




	115.873










	Transaction Value




	$ 5,231,665.95






	Class Size




	$ 106,780,000






	% of Offering




	4.228%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Ramirez & Co., Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Jefferies
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/10/14






	Settle Date




	12/17/14






	Security Name




	MA ST COLL BLDG SER D 5% 5/1/39






	CUSIP




	575831BR2






	Price




	116.642










	Transaction Value




	$ 8,835,631.50






	Class Size




	$ 106,780,000






	% of Offering




	7.094%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Ramirez & Co., Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Jefferies
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/10/14






	Settle Date




	12/17/14






	Security Name




	MA ST COLL BLDG SER B 5% 5/1/44






	CUSIP




	575832YE4






	Price




	114.559










	Transaction Value




	$ 5,727,950.00






	Class Size




	$ 106,780,000






	% of Offering




	4.683%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Ramirez & Co., Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Jefferies
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	12/10/14






	Settle Date




	12/17/14






	Security Name




	MA ST COLL BLDG SER B 5% 5/1/39






	CUSIP




	575832YD6






	Price




	115.523










	Transaction Value




	$ 2,888,075.00






	Class Size




	$ 106,780,000






	% of Offering




	2.341%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Ramirez & Co., Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	Jefferies
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/26






	CUSIP




	57582P6W5






	Price




	118.684










	Transaction Value




	$ 5,340,780.00






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	1.667%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/31






	CUSIP




	57582P6T2






	Price




	116.019










	Transaction Value




	$ 9,281,520.00






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	2.963%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/30






	CUSIP




	57582P6S4






	Price




	116.484










	Transaction Value




	$ 5,824,200.00






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	1.852%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/29






	CUSIP




	57582P6R6






	Price




	116.952










	Transaction Value




	$ 8,771,400.00






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	2.778%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/28






	CUSIP




	57582P6Q8






	Price




	117.421










	Transaction Value




	$ 12,211,784.00






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	3.852%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 5% 09/01/27






	CUSIP




	57582P6P0






	Price




	118.051










	Transaction Value




	$ 13,381,080.85






	Class Size




	$ 270,000,000






	% of Offering




	4.198%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Money Market
	Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 14C 1.25% 08/01/15






	CUSIP




	57582P7D6






	Price




	100.962










	Transaction Value




	$ 47,785,314.60






	Class Size




	$ 509,445,000






	% of Offering




	9.291%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust






	 






	Fund




	Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money
	Market Fund






	Trade Date




	9/19/2014






	Settle Date




	9/24/2014






	Security Name




	MA ST 14C 1.25% 08/01/15






	CUSIP




	57582P7D6






	Price




	100.962










	Transaction Value




	$ 5,653,872.00






	Class Size




	$ 509,445,000






	% of Offering




	1.099%






	Underwriter Purchased From




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Morgan Stanley






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	BofA Merrill Lynch






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Citigroup






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	J.P. Morgan






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Baird






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	Barclays






	Underwriting Members: (7)




	Cabrera Capital Markets, LLC






	Underwriting Members: (8)




	CastleOak Securities, L.P.






	Underwriting Members: (9)




	Eastern Bank







	Underwriting Members: (10)




	Estrada Hinojosa & Company, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (11)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (12)




	Janney Montgomery Scott






	Underwriting Members: (13)




	Jefferies






	Underwriting Members: (14)




	Loop Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (15)




	Mesirow Financial, Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (16)




	Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.






	Underwriting Members: (17)




	Piper Jaffray & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (18)




	Prager & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (19)




	Ramirez & Co.






	Underwriting Members: (20)




	Raymond James






	Underwriting Members: (21)




	RBC Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (22)




	Rice Financial Products Company






	Underwriting Members: (23)




	Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated






	Underwriting Members: (24)




	Siebert Brandford Shank & Co., L.L.C.






	Underwriting Members: (25)




	Stifel






	Underwriting Members: (26)




	TD Securities






	Underwriting Members: (27)




	US Bancorp






	Underwriting Members: (28)




	Wells Fargo Securities






	Underwriting Members: (29)




	The Williams Capital Group, L.P.
















	FORM NSAR


	Q77O Transactions effected pursuant to Rule 10F3


	[Name of Trust]






	 






	Fund




	FIDELITY MASS MUNI MMKT FUND






	Trade Date




	1/21/15






	Settle Date




	2/2/15






	Security Name




	WESTON MA 5% 2/1/2016






	CUSIP




	9611652Q9






	Price




	104.81










	Transaction Value




	$ 1,317,636.28






	Class Size




	$ 8,812,000






	% of Offering




	14.265%







	Underwriter Purchased From




	Raymond James & Associates, Inc.                   






	Underwriting Members: (1)




	Raymond James & Associates, Inc.                   






	Underwriting Members: (2)




	Fidelity Capital Markets






	Underwriting Members: (3)




	Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC                           






	Underwriting Members: (4)




	Jefferies LLC                                      






	Underwriting Members: (5)




	Wedbush Securities Inc.                            






	Underwriting Members: (6)




	City Securities Corp.                              














	 




	 




	 








	Exhibit 77Q1 - Additional Items






	 




	 




	 






	Item 15




	 




	 







	Foreign Sub-Custodian Network for Citibank, N.A.









	Country








	Sub-Custodian








	Address









	Argentina






	Citibank, N.A., Buenos Aires
	Branch






	Bartolome Mitre 530







	 




	 





	1036 Buenos Aires








	Australia






	Citigroup Pty. Limited






	Level 15, 120 Collins Street







	 




	 





	Melbourne, Victoria 3000








	Austria






	Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch






	Foro Buonaparte, 16 Casella Postale
	10932







	 




	 





	20121 Milan








	Bahrain






	Citibank, N.A., Bahrain Branch






	Citibank House







	 




	 





	Seef District







	 




	 





	Manama







	 




	 





	Kingdom of Bahrain








	Bangladesh






	Citibank, N.A., Bangladesh
	Branch






	109 Gulshan Avenue







	 




	 





	Dhaka - 1212







	 




	 





	Bangladesh








	Belgium






	Citibank International Limited.,
	London Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5LB








	Bermuda






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai
	Banking Corporation Limited
	acting through its agent, HSBC
	Bank Bermuda Limited






	6 Front Street







	 




	 





	Hamilton HM11








	Bosnia - Herzegovina:






	UniCredit Bank d.d.






	Zelenih Beretki 24








	The Federation of Bosnia and
	Herzegovina (Sarajevo)





	 





	71000 Sarajevo








	Bosnia - Herzegovina:






	UniCredit Bank d.d.






	Zelenih Beretki 24








	The Republika of Srpska (Banja
	Luka)





	 





	71000 Sarajevo








	Botswana






	Standard Chartered Bank of
	Botswana Limited





	 






	 




	 





	5th Floor Standard House Bldg







	 




	 





	The Mall, Queens Road







	 




	 





	PO Box 496







	 




	 





	Gaborone, Botswana







	 




	 





	 








	Brazil






	Citibank, N.A., Sao Paolo Branch






	Avenida Paulista 1111, 3rd Floor







	 




	 





	Sao Paulo, SP01311-920









	 







	Bulgaria





	 




	 








	 





	Citibank Europe plc, Bulgaria
	Branch






	2 Maria Louisa Blvd.







	 




	 





	TZUM Business Centre, Floor 5,







	 




	 





	Sofia 1000, Bulgaria







	 




	 





	 








	Canada






	Citibank Canada






	Citibank Place, 123 Front Street West







	 




	 





	Toronto, Ontario M5J 2M3








	Chile






	Banco de Chile






	Ahumada 251







	 




	 





	Santiago







	 




	 





	Chile








	China






	Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong
	Branch (B Shares)






	Citibank, N.A. Hong Kong Branch







	 




	 





	44/F Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza







	 




	 





	3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong







	 




	 




	 






	 





	Citibank (China) Co., Ltd (A
	Shares)





	 






	 




	 





	35F Citigroup Tower, No. 33 Hua Yuan
	Shi Qiao Road,







	 




	 





	Shanghai, P. R. China







	 




	 





	 








	Colombia






	Cititrust Colombia S.A. Sociedad
	Fiduciaria






	Carrera 9A No.99-02, First Floor







	 




	 





	Santa Fe de Bogota D.C.








	Costa Rica






	Banco Nacional de Costa Rica






	1

	st

	and 3

	rd

	Avenue, 4

	th

	Street







	 




	 





	San Jose







	 




	 





	Costa Rica








	Croatia






	Privredna Banka Zagreb d.d.






	Radnicka cesta 50







	 




	 





	10000 Zagreb, Croatia








	Cyprus






	Citibank International Limited,
	Greece Branch






	8 Othonos Street







	 




	 





	10557 Athens, Greece








	Czech Republic






	Citibank Europe plc, organizacni
	slozka






	Evropska 178







	 




	 





	Praha 6, 166 40








	Denmark






	Nordea Bank Danmark A/S






	Helgeshoej Alle 33







	 




	 





	DK-2630 Taastrup








	Egypt






	Citibank, N.A., Cairo Branch






	4 Ahmed Pasha







	 




	 





	Garden City, Cairo








	Estonia






	Swedbank AS






	Liivalaia 8







	 




	 





	15040 Tallinn








	Finland






	Nordea Bank Finland Plc.






	Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5







	 




	 





	Helsinki








	France






	Citibank International Limited,
	London Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5LB








	Georgia






	JSC Bank of Georgia






	29a Gagarini str.







	 




	 





	Tbilisi 0160







	 




	 





	Georgia








	Germany






	Citigroup Global Markets
	Deutschland AG






	Reuterweg 16







	 




	 





	60323 Frankfurt am Main








	Ghana






	Standard Chartered Bank of
	Ghana Limited






	High Street Building, 1

	st

	Floor,







	 




	 





	P O Box 768







	 




	 





	Accra, Ghana








	Greece






	Citibank International Limited,
	Greece Branch






	8 Othonos Street







	 




	 





	10557 Athens, Greece








	Hong Kong






	Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong
	Branch






	44/F Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza







	 




	 





	3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong








	Hungary






	Citibank Europe plc Hungarian
	Branch Office






	Szabadsag ter 7-9







	 




	 





	Budapest V., H 1051








	* Iceland






	Not Applicable. Citibank is a
	direct member of Clearstream
	Banking, which is an ICSD.






	 








	India






	Citibank, N.A., Mumbai Branch






	3

	rd

	Floor, Trent House







	 




	 





	G-60 Bandra Kurla Complex







	 




	 





	Bandra East, Mumbai 400051








	Indonesia






	Citibank, N.A., Jakarta Branch






	Citibank Tower, 15th Floor, JL. Jend.
	Sudirman Kav. 54-55







	 




	 





	Jakarta 12910








	Ireland






	Citibank, N.A., London Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5 LB, United Kingdom







	 




	 





	 








	Israel





	 





	Platinum Building







	 




	 





	21 Ha'arba'a Street







	 





	Citibank, N.A., Israel Branch






	Tel Aviv 64739, Israel








	Italy






	Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch






	16 Foro Buonaparte







	 




	 





	20121 Milan








	Jamaica






	Scotia Investments Jamaica
	Limited






	7 Holborn Road







	 




	 





	Kingston 10, Jamaica W.I.








	Japan






	Citibank Japan Limited






	Shin Marunochi Building, 5-1,







	 




	 





	Marunochi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku







	 




	 





	Tokyo 100-6517








	Jordan






	Standard Chartered Bank,
	Jordan Branch






	Shmeissani Branch







	 




	 





	Al-Thaqafa Street , Building # 2







	 




	 





	Amman 11110,







	 




	 





	Jordan







	 




	 





	 








	Kazakhstan






	JSC "Citibank Kazakhstan"






	Park Palace, Building A







	 




	 





	41 Kazibek Bi Street







	 




	 





	Almaty, 050010







	 




	 





	Republic of Kazakhstan








	Kenya






	Standard Chartered Bank Kenya
	Limited






	Standard Chartered Bank Barclays Plaza







	 




	 





	Mezzanine 3







	 




	 





	Loita Street







	 




	 





	Nairobi, Kenya 00100








	Korea






	Citibank Korea Inc.






	16

	th

	Floor, Citibank Korea Inc. Building







	 




	 





	39 Da-dong







	 




	 





	Joong-ku, Seoul 100-180, Korea








	Kuwait






	Citibank, N.A., Kuwait Branch






	Ahmed Tower, Building No. 1P.O. Box
	26027







	 




	 





	Sharq, Kuwait City







	 




	 





	Kuwait







	 




	 













	Latvia






	Swedbank AS acting through its
	agent, Swedbank AS






	Liivalaia 8







	 




	 





	15040 Tallinn








	Lebanon






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai
	Banking Corporation
	Limitedacting through its agent,
	HSBC Bank Middle East Ltd.






	PO Box 11-1380,







	 




	 





	Riad El Solh, Beirut 1107 2080








	Lithuania






	Swedbank AS acting through its
	agent, "Swedbank" AB






	Liivalaia 8







	 




	 





	15040 Tallinn, Estonia








	Macedonia (Republic of Macedonia)






	Raiffeisen Bank International AG






	AM Stadtpark 9







	 




	 





	Vienna 1030







	 




	 





	Austria








	Malaysia






	Citibank Berhad






	Level 42 Menara Citibank







	 




	 





	165 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur








	*Malta






	Not Applicable. Citibank is a
	direct member of Clearstream
	Banking, which is an ICSD.






	 








	Mexico






	Banco Nacional de Mexico, S.A.






	3er Piso Norte, Act. Roberto Medellin
	No. 800







	 




	 





	Col. Santa Fe D.F. 01210








	Morocco






	Citibank Maghreb






	-Zenith Millenium Immeuble 1







	 




	 





	Sidi Maarouf B.P. 40







	 




	 





	Casablanca 20190







	 




	 





	Morocco








	Mauritius






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
	Corporation Limited






	5

	th

	Floor Les Cascades Building, Edith
	Cavell Street







	 




	 





	Port Louis, Mauritius








	Namibia






	Standard Bank of South Africa Limited
	acting through its agent, Standard Bank
	Namibia Limited






	Standard Bank Centre,







	 




	 





	2

	nd

	Floor, Corner Werner List Street & Post
	Street Mall,







	 




	 





	PO Box 3327,







	 




	 





	Windhoek,







	 




	 





	Namibia.








	Netherlands






	Citibank International Limited, London
	Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5LB








	New Zealand






	Citibank, N.A., New Zealand Branch





	 






	 




	 





	Level 16, 120 Collins Street,







	 




	 





	Melbourne Vic. 3000.










	Nigeria






	Citibank Nigeria Limited






	27, Kofo Abayomi Street







	 




	 





	Victoria Island







	 




	 





	Lagos, Nigeria








	Norway






	DNB Bank ASA






	Dronning Eufemias gate 30







	 




	 





	0021 Oslo, Norway








	Oman






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
	Corporation Limited acting through its
	agent, HSBC Bank Oman S.A.O.G.





	 






	 




	 





	2nd Floor Al Khuwair







	 




	 





	PO Box 1727 PC 111







	 




	 





	Seeb,







	 




	 





	Sultanate of Oman







	 




	 





	 








	Pakistan






	Citibank, N.A., Karachi Branch






	Global Securities Services, AWT Plaza







	 




	 





	I.I. Chundrigar Road, Karachi 74200








	Palestine






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
	Corporation Limited acting through its
	agent, HSBC Bank Middle East Limited






	Jaffa Street Ramallah, PO Box 2067







	 




	 





	Ramallah, Palestine








	Panama






	Citibank, N.A., Panama Branch






	Torre B, Piso 14







	 




	 





	Calle Punta Darién y Punta Coronado







	 




	 





	Urbanización Punta Pacífica







	 




	 





	San Francisco, Ciudad de Panamá







	 




	 





	República de Panamá







	 




	 





	 








	Peru






	Citibank del Peru S.A.






	Canaval y Moreyra No 480







	 




	 





	San Isidro, Lima 27








	Philippines






	Citibank, N.A., Manila Branch






	Citibank Tower, 8741 Paseo de Roxas







	 




	 





	Makati, Metro Manila








	Poland






	Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A.






	Senatorska 16







	 




	 





	00-923 Warsaw 55








	Portugal






	Citibank International Limited, Sucursal em
	Portugal






	Sucursal em Portugal, Edificio Fundacao







	 




	 





	Rua Barata Salgueiro, No 30 - 4th floor,
	1269-056 Lisboa








	Qatar






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
	Corporation Limited acting through its
	agent, HSBC Bank Middle East Limited






	PO Box 57, Doha







	 




	 





	State of Qatar








	Romania






	Citibank Europe plc, Dublin - Romania
	Branch






	8 Iancu de Hunedoara Blvd.







	 




	 





	712042, Sector 1, Bucharest








	Russia






	ZAO Citibank






	8-10 Gasheka Str.







	 




	 





	125047, Moscow








	Saudi Arabia






	The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
	Corporation Limited acting through its
	agent, HSBC Saudi Arabia Ltd.






	PO Box 9084







	 




	 





	Riyadh, Saudi Arabia 11413








	Serbia






	UniCredit Bank Srbija a.d.






	Rajiceva 27-29







	 




	 





	11000 Belgrade








	Singapore






	Citibank, N.A., Singapore Branch





	 






	 




	 





	8 Marina View







	 




	 





	#21-00 Asia Square Tower 1







	 




	 





	Singapore 018960







	 




	 





	 








	Slovak Republic






	Citibank Europe plc, pobocka zahranicnej
	banky






	Mlynské nivy 43







	 




	 





	825 01 Bratislava 26








	Slovenia






	UniCredit Banka Slovenija d.d. Ljubljana.






	Smartinska 140







	 




	 





	1000 Ljubljana








	South Africa






	Citibank, N.A., South Africa Branch






	145 West Street







	 




	 





	Sandown







	 




	 





	2196 Johannesburg








	Spain






	Citibank International Limited, Sucursal en
	Espana






	Sucursal en Espana, J. Ortega y Gasset,
	29, Fourth floor







	 




	 





	28006, Madrid








	Sri Lanka






	Citibank, N.A., Colombo Branch






	65C Dharmapala Mawatha







	 




	 





	Colombo 7








	Sweden






	Citibank International Limited (England),
	Sweden Branch













	 




	 





	Box 1422







	 




	 





	111 84 Stockholm







	 




	 





	Sweden







	 




	 





	 








	Switzerland






	Citibank, N.A., London Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5LB, United Kingdom








	Taiwan






	Citibank Taiwan Limited






	16F, No. 1, Songzhi Road,







	 




	 





	Taipei 110 Taiwan, R.O.C.








	Tanzania






	Standard Bank of South Africa Ltd. acting
	through its affiliate, Stanbic Bank Tanzania
	Ltd.






	Corner: Ali Hassan Mwinyi/Kinondoni
	Road







	 




	 





	P.O.Box 72647, Dar-es-Salaam







	 




	 





	Tanzania








	Thailand






	Citibank, N.A., Bangkok Branch






	18th Floor, 399 Interchange Building,
	Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey Nua,
	Wattana District, Bangkok, 10110








	Tunisia






	Union Internationale de Banques





	 






	 




	 





	65, Avenue Habib Bourguiba







	 




	 





	1000 Tunis







	 




	 





	Tunisia







	 




	 





	 








	Turkey






	Citibank, A.S.






	Buyukdere Caddesi 100







	 




	 





	80280 Esentepe, Istanbul








	Uganda






	Standard Chartered Bank of Uganda
	Limited






	5 Speke Road







	 




	 





	PO Box 7111







	 




	 





	Kampala, Uganda








	United Arab Emirates,
	ADX






	Citibank, N.A., UAE






	Al Wasl Branch







	 




	 





	Oud Metha Building







	 




	 





	P.O. Box 749, Dubai, UAE








	United Arab Emirates,
	DFM






	Citibank, N.A., UAE






	Al Wasl Branch







	 




	 





	Oud Metha Building







	 




	 





	P.O. Box 749, Dubai, UAE








	United Arab Emirates,
	NASDAQ Dubai






	Citibank, N.A., UAE






	Al Wasl Branch







	 




	 





	Oud Metha Building







	 




	 





	P.O. Box 749, Dubai, UAE








	Ukraine






	PJSC "Citibank"






	16-g Dymytrova Street







	 




	 





	03150 Kyiv







	 




	 





	Ukraine








	United Kingdom






	Citibank, N.A., London Branch






	Citigroup Centre, Canary Wharf







	 




	 





	London E14 5LB








	United






	Citibank, N.A., New York Offices






	388 Greenwich Street,








	States





	 





	New York, NY 10013








	Uruguay






	Banco Itau Uruguay S.A.






	Zabala 1463







	 




	 





	Casilla de Correo 90







	 




	 





	Montevideo, Uruguay 11000








	Venezuela






	Citibank, N.A., Caracas Branch






	Centro Commercial El Recreo, Torre
	Norte. Piso 19







	 




	 





	Av. Casanova Sabana, GrandeCaracas
	1050 D.C.








	Vietnam






	Citibank, N.A., Hanoi Branch






	17 Ngo Quyen, Ha Noi







	 




	 





	Vietnam








	Zambia






	Standard Chartered Bank of Zambia Plc.






	Standard Chartered House







	 




	 





	Cairo Road, PO Box 32238







	 




	 





	Lusaka, Zambia







	 




	 





	 








	Zimbabwe






	Standard Bank of South Africa Ltd. acting
	through its affiliate Stanbic Bank Zimbabwe
	Ltd.





	 






	 




	 





	59 Samora Machel Avenue







	 




	 





	Harare







	 




	 





	Zimbabwe








	 




	 





	 













	AMENDED AND RESTATED

	SUB-ADVISORY AGREEMENT




	between




	FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH COMPANY




	and




	FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH (Japan) LIMITED



	AGREEMENT AMENDED and RESTATED as of this 1st day of December, 2014, by and between Fidelity
	Management & Research Company, a Massachusetts corporation with principal offices at 245 Summer Street, Boston,
	Massachusetts (hereinafter called the "Advisor"), and Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Limited (hereinafter
	called the "Sub-Advisor").


	WHEREAS the Advisor has entered into various management contracts (each a "Management Contract") with
	those Massachusetts business trusts and Delaware statutory trusts, each a registered investment company issuing one
	or more series of shares of beneficial interest (each a "Trust") on behalf of each of their respective portfolios listed on
	Schedule A attached hereto, as the same may be amended from time to time (each a "Portfolio"), pursuant to which
	the Advisor acts as investment manager to each of the Portfolios; and


	WHEREAS the Sub-Advisor and its subsidiaries and other affiliated persons have personnel in various locations throughout the world and have been formed in part for the purpose of researching and compiling information
	and recommendations with respect to the economies of various countries, and securities of issuers located in such
	countries, and providing investment advisory services in connection therewith;


	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises hereinafter set forth, the
	Trust, the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor agree as follows:


	1.

	Duties

	: The Advisor may, in its discretion, appoint the Sub-Advisor to perform one or more of the following services with respect to all or a portion of the investments of the Portfolio. The services and the portion of the
	investments of the Portfolio to be advised or managed by the Sub-Advisor shall be as agreed upon from time to time
	by the Advisor and the Sub-Advisor. The Sub-Advisor shall pay the salaries and fees of all personnel of the Sub-Advisor performing services for the Portfolio relating to research, statistical and investment activities.


	(a)


	Investment Advice

	:

	If and to the extent requested by the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor shall provide investment advice to the Portfolio and the Advisor with respect to all or a portion of the investments of the Portfolio, and in connection with such advice shall furnish the Portfolio and the Advisor such factual information,
	research reports and investment recommendations as the Advisor may reasonably require. Such information
	may include written and oral reports and analyses.


	(b)


	Investment Management

	:

	If and to the extent requested by the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor shall, subject to
	the supervision of the Advisor, manage all or a portion of the investments of the Portfolio in accordance with
	the investment objective, policies and limitations provided in the Portfolio's Prospectus or other governing
	instruments, as amended from time to time, the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act") and rules
	thereunder, as amended from time to time, and such other limitations as the Trust or Advisor may impose
	with respect to the Portfolio by notice to the Sub-Advisor. With respect to the portion of the investments of
	the Portfolio under its management, the Sub-Advisor is authorized to make investment decisions on behalf of
	the Portfolio with regard to any stock, bond, other security or investment instrument, and to place orders for
	the purchase and sale of such securities through such broker-dealers as the Sub-Advisor may select. The Sub-Advisor may also be authorized, but only to the extent such duties are delegated in writing by the Advisor, to
	provide additional investment management services to the Portfolio, including but not limited to services
	such as managing foreign currency investments, purchasing and selling or writing futures and options contracts, borrowing money or lending securities on behalf of the Portfolio. All investment management and any
	other activities of the Sub-Advisor shall at all times be subject to the control and direction of the Advisor and
	the Trust's Board of Trustees.


	(c)


	Subsidiaries and Affiliates


	: The Sub-Advisor may perform any or all of the services contemplated by this
	Agreement directly or through such of its subsidiaries or other affiliated persons as the Sub-Advisor shall determine; provided, however, that performance of such services through such subsidiaries or other affiliated
	persons shall have been approved by the Trust to the extent required pursuant to the 1940 Act and rules thereunder.




	2.

	Information to be Provided to the Trust and the Advisor

	: The Sub-Advisor shall furnish such reports, evaluations, information or analyses to the Trust and the Advisor as the Trust's Board of Trustees or the Advisor may
	reasonably request from time to time, or as the Sub-Advisor may deem to be desirable.


	3.

	Brokerage

	: In connection with the services provided under subparagraph (b) of paragraph 1 of this Agreement, the Sub-Advisor shall place all orders for the purchase and sale of portfolio securities for the Portfolio's account with brokers or dealers selected by the Sub-Advisor, which may include brokers or dealers affiliated with the
	Advisor or Sub-Advisor. The Sub-Advisor shall use its best efforts to seek to execute portfolio transactions at prices
	which are advantageous to the Portfolio and at commission rates which are reasonable in relation to the benefits received. In selecting brokers or dealers qualified to execute a particular transaction, brokers or dealers may be selected who also provide brokerage and research services (as those terms are defined in Section 28(e) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934) to the Portfolio and/or to the other accounts over which the Sub-Advisor or Advisor exercise
	investment discretion. The Sub-Advisor is authorized to pay a broker or dealer who provides such brokerage and
	research services a commission for executing a portfolio transaction for the Portfolio which is in excess of the
	amount of commission another broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction if the Sub-Advisor
	determines in good faith that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and
	research services provided by such broker or dealer. This determination may be viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or the overall responsibilities which the Sub-Advisor has with respect to accounts over which it
	exercises investment discretion. The Trustees of the Trust shall periodically review the commissions paid by the
	Portfolio to determine if the commissions paid over representative periods of time were reasonable in relation to the
	benefits to the Portfolio.


	4.

	Compensation

	: The Advisor shall compensate the Sub-Advisor on the following basis for the services to
	be furnished hereunder.


	(a)


	Investment Advisory Fee


	: For services provided under subparagraph (a) of paragraph 1 of this Agreement,
	the Advisor agrees to pay the Sub-Advisor a monthly Sub-Advisory Fee. The Sub-Advisory Fee shall be
	equal to 110% of the Sub-Advisor's costs incurred in connection with rendering the services referred to in
	subparagraph (a) of paragraph 1 of this Agreement. The Sub-Advisory Fee shall not be reduced to reflect
	expense reimbursements or fee waivers by the Advisor, if any, in effect from time to time.


	(b)


	Investment Management Fee

	:

	For services provided under subparagraph (b) of paragraph 1 of this Agreement, the Advisor agrees to pay the Sub-Advisor a monthly Investment Management Fee. The Investment
	Management Fee shall be equal to: (i) 50% of the monthly management fee rate (including performance adjustments, if any) that the Portfolio is obligated to pay the Advisor under its Management Contract with the
	Advisor, multiplied by: (ii) the fraction equal to the net assets of the Portfolio as to which the Sub-Advisor
	shall have provided investment management services divided by the net assets of the Portfolio for that month;
	provided, however, that the Investment Management Fee paid to the Sub-Advisor for any period hereunder
	shall in all circumstances be an amount not less than 110% of the Sub-Advisor's costs incurred in connection
	with rendering the services referred to in subparagraph (b) of paragraph 1 of this Agreement (but in no event
	will the Investment Management Fee paid to the Sub-Advisor exceed the management fee paid to the Advisor
	pursuant to its management contract with respect to the Portfolio) (the minimum fee described in this proviso
	being referred to herein as the "Minimum Investment Management Fee"). If in any fiscal year the aggregate
	expenses of the Portfolio exceed any applicable expense limitation imposed by any state or federal securities
	laws or regulations, and the Advisor waives all or a portion of its management fee or reimburses the Portfolio
	for expenses to the extent required to satisfy such limitation, the Investment Management Fee paid to the
	Sub-Advisor will be reduced by 50% of the amount of such waivers or reimbursements multiplied by the fraction determined in (ii), subject to the Minimum Investment Management Fee. If the Sub-Advisor reduces its
	fees to reflect such waivers or reimbursements and the Advisor subsequently recovers all or any portion of
	such waivers or reimbursements, then the Sub-Advisor shall be entitled to receive from the Advisor a proportionate share of the amount recovered.


	(c)


	Provision of Multiple Services

	:

	If the Sub-Advisor shall have provided both investment advisory services
	under subparagraph (a) and investment management services under subparagraph (b) of paragraph (1) for the
	same portion of the investments of the Portfolio for the same period, the fees paid to the Sub-Advisor with
	respect to such investments shall be calculated exclusively under subparagraph (b) of this paragraph 4.


	5.

	Expenses

	: It is understood that the Portfolio will pay all of its expenses other than those expressly stated to
	be payable by the Sub-Advisor hereunder or by the Advisor under the Management Contract with the Portfolio.


	6.

	Interested Persons

	: It is understood that Trustees, officers, and shareholders of the Trust are or may be or
	become interested in the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor as directors, officers or otherwise and that directors, officers
	and stockholders of the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor are or may be or become similarly interested in the Trust, and
	that the Advisor or the Sub-Advisor may be or become interested in the Trust as a shareholder or otherwise.


	7.

	Services to Other Companies or Accounts

	: The services of the Sub-Advisor to the Advisor are not to be
	deemed to be exclusive, the Sub-Advisor being free to render services to others and engage in other activities, provided, however, that such other services and activities do not, during the term of this Agreement, interfere, in a material manner, with the Sub-Advisor's ability to meet all of its obligations hereunder. The Sub-Advisor shall for all
	purposes be an independent contractor and not an agent or employee of the Advisor or the Trust.


	8.

	Standard of Care

	: In the absence of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard
	of obligations or duties hereunder on the part of the Sub-Advisor, the Sub-Advisor shall not be subject to liability to
	the Advisor, the Trust or to any shareholder of the Portfolio for any act or omission in the course of, or connected
	with, rendering services hereunder or for any losses that may be sustained in the purchase, holding or sale of any
	security.


	9.

	Duration and Termination of Agreement; Amendments

	:


	(a) Subject to prior termination as provided in subparagraph (d) of this paragraph 9, this Agreement shall
	continue in force until September 30, 2015 and indefinitely thereafter, but only so long as the continuance after such period shall be specifically approved at least annually by vote of the Trust's Board
	of Trustees or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Portfolio.


	(b) This Agreement may be modified by mutual consent of the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor and the Portfolio subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the 1940 Act, as modified by or interpreted by any applicable order or orders of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") or any rules
	or regulations adopted by, or interpretative releases or no-action letters of, the Commission or its
	staff.


	(c) In addition to the requirements of subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this paragraph 9, the terms of any continuance or modification of this Agreement must have been approved by the vote of a majority of
	those Trustees of the Trust who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such
	party, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.


	(d) Either the Advisor, the Sub-Advisor or the Portfolio may, at any time on sixty (60) days' prior written
	notice to the other parties, terminate this Agreement, without payment of any penalty, by action of its
	Board of Trustees or Directors, or with respect to the Portfolio by vote of a majority of its outstanding voting securities. This Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event of its assignment.


	10.

	Limitation of Liability

	: The Sub-Advisor is hereby expressly put on notice of the limitation of shareholder liability as set forth in the Declaration of Trust or other organizational document of the Trust and agrees that
	any obligations of the Trust or the Portfolio arising in connection with this Agreement shall be limited in all cases to
	the Portfolio and its assets, and the Sub-Advisor shall not seek satisfaction of any such obligation from the shareholders or any shareholder of the Portfolio. Nor shall the Sub-Advisor seek satisfaction of any such obligation from
	the Trustees or any individual Trustee.


	11.

	Governing Law

	: This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws
	of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the choice of laws provisions thereof.


	The terms "registered investment company," "vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities," "assignment," and "interested persons," when used herein, shall have the respective meanings specified in the 1940 Act
	as now in effect or as hereafter amended, and subject to such orders or no-action letters as may be granted by the
	Commission or its staff.


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be signed in their behalf by their
	respective officers thereunto duly authorized, and their respective seals to be hereunto affixed, all as of the date written above.
















	FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH (Japan) LIMITED







	 






	BY:





	/s/William E. Dailey







	 




	William E. Dailey






	 




	Treasurer






	 







	FIDELITY MANAGEMENT & RESEARCH COMPANY







	 






	BY:





	/s/William E. Dailey







	 




	William E. Dailey






	 




	Treasurer






	 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fidelity Municipal Trust                                                                                                 - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Fidelity Municipal Trust
                                    



 





















F 


Fidelity Municipal Trust                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



82 DEVONSHIRE ST BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions



(617) 392-2448
 





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $142,218.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Eric D Roiter                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fidelity Municipal Trust                                                                                                 was founded in 2006. Fidelity Municipal Trust                                                                                                 specializes in Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST - BOSTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



BOSTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST
                                    



 





















F 


FIDELITY MASSACHUSETTS MUNICIPAL TRUST
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



82 DEVONSHIRE ST BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1993
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fidelity Massachusetts Municipal Trust was founded in 1993, and is located at 82 Devonshire St in Boston. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














