



Fidus Partners | Provides merger and acquisition advisory and related services















Homel
About Fidus
lContact Us








































	With a wealth of experience, Fidus Partners provides merger and acquisition advisory and related services to private equity firms, corporations, and private business owners.

	Fidus was founded with the intent of building a preeminent advisory firm focused on middle market companies. We have built our business on the premise that success in the middle market is not based on transaction volume, but rather on superior execution, a commitment to exceptional quality, and deep industry expertise. We strive to utilize our unique level of experience and our deep understanding of the needs of management teams and owners to deliver superior customer service and a highly effective solution-oriented approach.

About Usl
Our Teaml
Areas of Focusl
Transactions






 





Charlotte, NC • New York, NYLegal & Compliance
Securities transactions conducted through Fidus Securities, LLC, an affiliated entity. Member  FINRA/SIPC.BrokerCheck© 2017 Fidus Partners. All rights reserved.



















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Our Advisor | Fidus





























Fidus




 




Fidus Investment Advisors: Understanding Challenges. Creating Opportunities.
Fidus Investment Corporation is managed by Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC (“our investment advisor”). Our investment advisor’s principals have an average of over 20 years of experience investing in, lending to, and advising lower middle market companies across changing business and credit cycles. This experience includes senior management positions at investment banks, specialty finance companies, commercial banks, and privately and publicly held companies.
Our investment advisor’s team has built an in-depth understanding of the strategic, financial, and operational challenges and opportunities of lower middle market companies. We believe this understanding positions our investment advisor to effectively identify, assess, structure, and monitor our investments. In addition, our advisor has a broad network of contacts within the investment community that we draw on to generate a steady stream of new investment opportunities.
Fidus Investment Advisors is committed to creating a premier junior capital investment business that emphasizes a partnership approach. Fidus Investment Advisors is devoted to certain enduring principles that drive how they conduct their business every day:

They commit to the highest quality in everything they do.
Their senior partners are integrally involved in, and take full responsibility for, each transaction.
Their paramount mission is to meet the highest standards of integrity.














Portfolio | Fidus




























Fidus




 




Our Portfolio
As of March 31, 2017, Fidus Investment Corporation had debt and equity investments in 55 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of $536.6 million. The investment portfolio on a cost basis was comprised of 73% subordinated notes, 16% senior secured loans, and 11% equity-related securities. As of March 31, 2017, we held equity investments in 88% of our portfolio companies, and the average fully diluted equity ownership in those portfolio companies was 7.2%.













Fidus



























Fidus




 




Capital. Partnership. Expertise.
Fidus Investment Corporation (NASDAQ: FDUS) invests debt and equity capital primarily in lower middle market companies based in the United States. We invest in a wide range of industries where we have expertise, and look to partner with business owners, management teams, and transaction sponsors seeking long term capital for change of control, recapitalizations, acquisitions, and growth oriented transactions. We have a team of highly experienced investment professionals and pride ourselves on investing with a partnership-oriented approach and utilizing our flexible investment mandate to deliver custom-tailored financing solutions designed to meet the specific needs of our portfolio companies.











Fidus Investment Corporation - Board of Directors





















Fidus
  







Board of Directors
Display all Bios

 show all
 hide all





Edward H. Ross
Chairman of the Board and Interested Director
	


eross@fidusinv.com (847) 859-3941  
	Edward H. Ross has served as our chairman of the board and chief executive officer and as chairman of our Investment Advisor’s investment committee since our initial public offering in June 2011. Mr. Ross has more than 20 years of debt and equity capital investing experience with lower middle-market companies. Mr. Ross co-founded Fidus Capital, LLC, the predecessor firm to our Investment Advisor, in 2005. Mr. Ross was a managing director and the head of the Chicago office for Allied Capital Corporation, a publicly-traded business development company, where he focused on making debt and equity investments in middle-market companies from 2002 to 2005. Prior to joining Allied Capital Corporation, Mr. Ross co-founded Middle Market Capital, a merchant banking group of Wachovia Securities and its predecessor, First Union Securities, Inc., a retail brokerage and institutional capital markets and investment banking firm. Mr. Ross earned a bachelor of arts from Southern Methodist University and a master of business administration from the University of Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business.

	.







Thomas C. Lauer
Interested Director
	


tlauer@fidusinv.com (704) 334-2337  
	Thomas C. Lauer has served as our director and as a member of our Investment Advisor’s investment committee since our initial public offering in June 2011. Mr. Lauer has more than 15 years of experience investing debt and equity capital in lower middle-market companies. Mr. Lauer was a managing partner of Fidus Partners, LLC, an investment banking firm, from 2008 to June 2011. Mr. Lauer was a managing director of Allied Capital Corporation, a publicly-traded business development company, from 2004 to 2008, where he was a member of the firm’s Management Committee from 2006 to 2008, Private Finance Investment Committee from 2005 to 2008, and Senior Debt Fund Investment Committee from 2007 to 2008. Prior to joining Allied Capital Corporation, Mr. Lauer worked with the Global Sponsor Finance Group of GE Capital, the financial services unit of General Electric, the Leveraged Capital Group at Wachovia Securities and its predecessor, First Union Securities, Inc., a retail brokerage and institutional capital markets and investment banking firm, and the Platform Components Division of Intel Corporation. Mr. Lauer earned a bachelor of business administration from the University of Norte Dame and master of business administration from the University of Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business.







Charles D. Hyman
Independent Director
	



	Charles D. Hyman has served on our Board of Directors since our initial public offering in June 2011 and is the chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of our audit committee. Mr. Hyman is the founder and chief executive officer of Charles D. Hyman & Co., a private, registered investment management firm located in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida. Prior to forming Charles D. Hyman & Co. in 1994, Mr. Hyman served as a senior vice president of St. Johns Investment Management Company. Mr. Hyman has served on the board of directors for several not-for-profit companies in the past five years. Mr. Hyman brings to our Board of Directors extensive investment management experience.





 Member of the Audit Committee







 Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee









John A. Mazzarino
Independent Director
	



	John A. Mazzarino has served on our Board of Directors since November 2012. Mr. Mazzarino is a Co-Founder and Managing Director of Cherokee Investment Partners, a private equity real estate investment management firm focused on the acquisition, remediation, management and development of brownfields in North America and Europe. Prior to co-founding Cherokee’s predecessor firm in 1988, Mr. Mazzarino worked at Bain & Company from 1982 to 1988, where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions and corporate strategy. From 1977 to 1982 he worked at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co., consulting on policy issues with the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Energy and other federal agencies. Mr. Mazzarino currently serves as a member of the board of advisors of the MIT Sloan School Finance Group and is a director of Cherokee Gives Back, Cherokee’s philanthropic arm. In addition, Mr. Mazzarino is a member of two other private and not-for-profit company boards. Mr. Mazzarino brings to our Board of Directors extensive experience in the investing and capital management industry, as well as merger and acquisition and corporate strategy expertise.

	 





 Member of the Audit Committee







 Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee









Raymond L. Anstiss Jr.
Independent Director
	



	Raymond L. Anstiss, Jr. has served on our Board of Directors since September 2011 and is the chairman of our audit committee and a member of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Anstiss is the President of Anstiss & Co., an accounting, audit, tax and financial consulting firm headquartered in Lowell, Massachusetts. Prior to joining Anstiss & Co. in 1993, Mr. Anstiss served on the audit staff of KPMG Peat Marwick from 1988 to 1992. Mr. Anstiss has served on the board of two not-for-profit companies in the past five years. Mr. Anstiss brings to our Board of Directors extensive experience in the accounting industry.





 Chair of the Audit Committee







 Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee












Shareholder Tools

 Shareholder Briefcase 


 Email Alerts 


Download Library


Snapshot


RSS News Feeds

  Print Page
 Email

Share This




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?























Strategy | Fidus





























Fidus




 




Value-focused investing.
Our investment strategy is based on the premise that lower middle market companies require flexible and creative financing solutions from value-added partners. We fully understand that our success depends on that of our portfolio companies. To that end, we invest the time, human resources, and capital necessary to create value for all our constituents, including our portfolio companies, management teams, co-investors, and shareholders.
We intend to invest primarily in mezzanine debt, senior secured debt, and equity securities of lower middle market companies, which we define as companies with revenues of $10 to $150 million. When the right opportunity presents itself, we may occasionally make investments in larger or smaller companies.
Our approach is to invest in lower middle market companies with proven business models, leading market positions, high free cash flow, and strong management teams. In addition, we focus on opportunities in industries where we have prior investment experience. We believe that by continuing to adhere to this philosophy, we can generate attractive risk-adjusted returns and minimize capital losses.
Our investment strategy also includes taking a proactive stance towards risk management. This includes conducting intensive due diligence prior to investing, utilizing our flexible mandate to structure our investments so as to withstand both positive and negative events, and ongoing and active portfolio management, including board observation rights in conjunction with almost all of our investments. We believe this strategy enhances our ability to be a value-added partner for our portfolio companies.













Overview | Fidus





























Fidus




 




Experience. Commitment. Results.
Fidus Investment Corporation is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or “BDC,” under the Investment Company Act of 1940. This status provides our company with certain structural advantages, including public liquidity and an advantageous tax structure.
Our objective is to generate current income from our debt investments and capital appreciation from our equity-related investments. We were formed to continue and expand the business of Fidus Mezzanine Capital, L.P., a fund formed in February 2007 that is licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”) as a small business investment company (“SBIC”).
Fidus Investment Corporation is managed by Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC, and corporate governance is provided by our independent board of directors. Senior management of our investment advisor has an average of more than 25 years of experience and the senior investment team has worked together for a large majority of the past 15 years. The Fidus Investment team has extensive experience providing private debt and equity financing solutions to lower middle market businesses and a strong track record of helping companies reach their potential.
Fidus Investment Corporation is headquartered in Evanston, IL, and has offices in New York, NY, and Charlotte, NC.











Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:57 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC is a private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts, refinancings, recapitalizations, acquisitions, mezzanine, growth capital, lower middle market investments, debt investments, subordinated and second lien loans, senior secured and unitranche debt, preferred equity, warrants, subordinated debt, senior subordinated notes, junior secured loans, and unitranche loans. It does not invest in turnarounds or distressed situations. The firm prefers to invest in aerospace and defense, business services, consumer products and services including retail, food, and beverage, healthcare products and services, industrial products and services, information technology se...
Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC is a private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts, refinancings, recapitalizations, acquisitions, mezzanine, growth capital, lower middle market investments, debt investments, subordinated and second lien loans, senior secured and unitranche debt, preferred equity, warrants, subordinated debt, senior subordinated notes, junior secured loans, and unitranche loans. It does not invest in turnarounds or distressed situations. The firm prefers to invest in aerospace and defense, business services, consumer products and services including retail, food, and beverage, healthcare products and services, industrial products and services, information technology services, niche manufacturing, transportation and logistics, and value-added distribution sectors. It seeks to invest in companies based in United States. The firm typically invests between $5 million and $15 million per transaction in companies with annual revenues between $10 million and $150 million and an annual EBITDA between $3 million and $20 million, but it can occasionally invest in larger or smaller companies. It seeks to acquire minority equity stakes and board observation rights in conjunction with its investments. Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC is based in Evanston, Illinois with additional offices in New York, New York and Charlotte, North Carolina.
Detailed Description


1603 Orrington AvenueSuite 1005Evanston, IL 60201United States



Phone: 847-859-3940

Fax: 847-859-3953








Key Executives for Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC




Mr. Edward H. Ross


      	Partner, Manager and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. J. Stephen Dockery III


      	Partner
      








Mr. John H. Grigg


      	Partner
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Edward P. Imbrogno


      	Partner
      








Mr. Thomas C. Lauer


      	Partner and Manager
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 28, 2017
			    
TransGo, LLC



Private Placement

			      January 4, 2017
			    
Revenue Management Solutions, LLC



Private Placement

			      December 31, 2016
			    
Comprehensive Logistics Co., Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Fidus Investment Corporation - Investor Relations





















Fidus
  







Investor Relations







3 Mo.  
	  
6 Mo.  
	  
1 Yr.







We are committed to serving the best interests of our shareholders. You will find key shareholder information and financial reports available to help put Fidus Investment Corporation's financial performance into perspective.
Click here to view our Annual Report and Proxy Statements


View all »   Recent Releases
Jul 20, 2017
Fidus Investment Corporation Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call
Jul 5, 2017
Fidus Investment Corporation Announces Exercise and Closing of Option for Public Offering of Common Stock
View all »Events & Presentations
Aug 4, 2017 at 9:00 AM ET
Fidus Investment Corporation's Second Quarter 2017  Conference Call







Shareholder Tools

 Shareholder Briefcase 


 Email Alerts 


Download Library


Snapshot


RSS News Feeds

  Print Page
 Email

Share This




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?























Disclaimer | Fidus




























Fidus




 




Terms of Use
This website (the “Site”) is owned and maintained by Fidus Investment Corporation (the “Company”). By accessing or using the Site, you unconditionally agree to be bound by all of the terms, conditions and notices contained in this user agreement, as it may be amended by the Company from time to time and in the Website Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time and that is incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the “Agreement”). If you are unwilling to be bound by these general terms and conditions, please do not access the Site. By accessing the Site, you also express your understanding and agreement that you are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations. Accessing or using any portion or feature of the Site from any territory where such portion or feature of the Site is illegal is expressly prohibited. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Agreement. By continuing to access the Site after any revisions to this Agreement, you express your understanding and agreement to such revised terms.
No information found at the Site constitutes an offering of advisory services or any securities. Offerings of securities are made only by a public prospectus or private offering memorandum in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and related rules and regulations. The reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and listed on the Site speak only as of the respective dates on which they were filed. Such reports and information on the Site may contain certain forward-looking statements. Any such statements, other than statements of historical fact, are likely to be affected by other unknowable future events and conditions, including elements of the future that are or are not under the Company’s control, and that the Company may or may not have considered; accordingly, such statements cannot be guarantees or assurances of any aspect of future performance. Actual developments and results are highly likely to vary materially from these estimates and projections of the future as a result of a number of factors, including those described from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statement found at the Site may be out of date and the Company undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statements made herein.
THE SITE AND ALL OF ITS CONTENT ARE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE COMPANY “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS, AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, UNINTERRUPTED USE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, OR ACCURACY, SECURITY OF INFORMATION, OR RELIABILITY, ARE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED. USERS OF THE SITE ASSUME ALL RISK AS TO THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, AVAILABILITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT MAY BE REVISED, ALTERED AND CHANGED FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ANY SITE CONTENT WILL OPERATE CONTINUOUSLY OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
Neither the Company, any affiliate of the Company nor any independent provider/transmitter of information found at the Site shall be liable in any way and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and all such affiliated or third parties for any inaccuracy, error, or delay in, or omission of, any information or the transmission or delivery of any information found at the Site. The materials found at the Site may be out of date and the Company makes no commitment to update the materials at the Site.
In no event will the Company, its affiliates, or other third parties mentioned at the Site be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of the Site or any website linked to the Site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such websites.
Links to third-party websites on the Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you access these links, you will leave the Site. The Company does not control and is not responsible for any of these third-party link sites or their content. The Company does not endorse or make any representations about these sites or any information or product or material found in them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked on the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
You shall not use or introduce into the Site any device, software, or routine that could damage or interfere with the operation of the Site. You shall not directly or indirectly take any action to interfere with the operation of the Site, including by way of example and not limitation, conducting search queries that the Company reasonably determines to be abusive, or using any scraper, robot, spider, or other automated mechanism to access the Site or download content from the Site. The Company reserves the right to monitor your use of the Site and to monitor your compliance with this Agreement. You acknowledge and hereby consent to such monitoring.
All Site content is Copyright [2012] Fidus Investment Corporation. All rights reserved. Any product, process or technology described in the Site content may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by Fidus Investment Corporation or its affiliates and are not licensed hereunder. You may download material displayed on this Site solely for your non-commercial, personal use, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, modify, reuse, report or use any of the content of this Site for commercial purposes without the Company’s prior written permission. The Fidus service mark is a registered trademark of Fidus Partners, LLC. Fidus Investment Corporation and its affiliates, including Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC, have a license pursuant to the Trademark License Agreement between Fidus Partners, LLC and Fidus Investment Corporation to use the Fidus and Fidus Investment Corporation logo. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.
This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Illinois, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Illinois. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Our failure to act on or enforce any provision of the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this Agreement. No waiver shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. Except as expressly agreed by us and you in writing, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














FDUS | Fidus Investment Corp | Dividend History | Dividend Channel























































Home
BDCs
Articles
Declarations
Calendar
Calculator
Screener
ETFs
Forums
Contrarian Outlook







FREE registration required to continue...

		
		You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Dividend Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
		 If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

		

		
		Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
		Other questions? Email us at: info@dividendchannel.com


FDUS | Fidus Investment Corp | Dividend History | Dividend Channel | www.DividendChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2010 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Dividend Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use 
and Privacy Policy.  Video widget and dividend videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote data delayed at least 20 
minutes; data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Dividend Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.






















Fidus Investment Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






































fidus investment advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC operates as a private equity firm. The Company invests in mezzanine debt, leveraged buyouts, refinancings, recapitalizations, and equity securities of lower middle market companies. Fidus Investment Advisors operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1603 Orrington Avenue
Suite 1005
Evanston, IL 60201
United States


Phone:
1-847-859-3940


Fax:
1-847-859-3953


Web url:
www.fdus.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/President
Company


Edward Ross
Fidus Investment Corp








Co-President/Partner
Company


Thomas Lauer
Fidus Investment Corp








Board Members
Company


Charles Hyman
Charles D Hyman & Co




John Mazzarino
Cherokee Investment Partners LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Edward H Ross


Chairman/CEO/President




Thomas C Lauer


Co-President/Partner




Craig J Petrusha


Managing Director




Shelby E Sherard


Partner/CFO




J Stephen Dockery III


Partner




John H Grigg


Partner




Edward P Imbrogno


Partner




Robert G Lesley Jr


Partner




Michael J Miller


Partner




John J Ross II


Partner




W Andrew Worth


Partner




Matthew Culbertson


Principal




Matthew G Shehorn


Principal




Will Brown


Vice President




J Connor Hoesley


Vice President



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsClosed End Funds












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FDUS.O on Nasdaq


				16.98USD
1:09pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.06


					            (-0.35%)
					        






Prev Close

$17.04


Open

$16.97




Day's High

$16.99


Day's Low

$16.80




Volume

27,210


Avg. Vol

90,124




52-wk High

$18.21


52-wk Low

$14.33












					Full Description



Fidus Investment Corporation, incorporated on February 14, 2011, is a closed-end, non-diversified investment company. The Company provides customized debt and equity financing solutions to lower middle-market companies. The Company's investment objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns by generating both current income from its debt investments and capital appreciation from its equity-related investments. The Company typically invests in mezzanine debt, which includes senior subordinated notes and junior secured loans. The Company also structures some of its debt investments as senior secured or unitranche loans. The Company's equity securities typically consist of either a direct minority equity investment in common or preferred stock or membership/partnership interests of a portfolio company, or it may receive warrants to buy a minority equity interest in a portfolio company in connection with a debt investment.The Company's investment portfolio includes its investments in various industries, such as aerospace and defense manufacturing; healthcare products; transportation services; healthcare services; business services; building products manufacturing; specialty distribution; information technology services; vending equipment manufacturing; utility equipment manufacturing; component manufacturing; packaging; capital equipment manufacturing; oil and gas services; consumer products; industrial cleaning and coatings; promotional products; printing services; retail; specialty chemicals; restaurants; laundry services; oil and gas distribution; apparel distribution; electronic components supplier; financial services; safety products manufacturing; telecommunication services; commercial cleaning; retail cleaning, and specialty cracker manufacturing. The Company's investment activities are managed by Fidus Investment Advisors, LLC, its investment advisor.

» Full Overview of FDUS.O







					Company Address



Fidus Investment Corp
1603 Orrington Ave Ste 820EVANSTON   IL   60201-3872
P: +1847.8593940F: +1847.8593953







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Edward Ross

--




							 Thomas Lauer

--




							 Shelby Sherard

--




							 Raymond Anstiss

--




							 Charles Hyman

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Fidus Investment Corp News




BRIEF-Fidus Investment Corp commences public offering of common stock

Jun 19 2017 
BRIEF-Fidus Investment Corp reports Q1 net investment income per share $0.35

May 04 2017 
BRIEF-Fidus Investment qtrly adjusted net investment income $0.43 per share

Mar 02 2017 

» More FDUS.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsClosed End Funds




















