










 




Fifth Third Securities, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fifth Third Securities, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fifth Third Securities Inc. provides municipal securities brokerage, underwriting, and dealing services. The firm is based in Cincinnati, Ohio with an additional office in Columbus. Fifth Third Securities, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bank.


38 Fountain Square PlazaFifth Third CenterCincinnati, OH 45202-3102United States



Phone: 513-534-8888

Fax: 513-534-8889








Key Executives for Fifth Third Securities, Inc.




Mr. Jim Trapp


      	Director of Research
      








Mr. John White









Mr. James Fredrikson


      	Senior Vice President and Senior Brokerage Sales Manager of Midwest Region
      








Mr. Joseph G. Carson


      	Managing Director of Investment Banking
      








Mr. Eric D. Baker


      	Vice President and Area Sales Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. Key Developments

Fifth Third Securities Inc. Appoints Joseph Carson as Managing Director
Apr 13 17
Fifth Third Bancorp announced that Fifth Third Securities Inc. is continuing to expand its investment banking and mergers and acquisitions (M&A) capabilities with the hiring of Joseph Carson who will join the Investment Banking team as managing director in the Diversified Industrials group based in Cleveland, Ohio. Prior to joining Fifth Third, Carson served as senior vice president and head of the energy division at Caldwell Tanks in Louisville, Kentucky, and served as co-head of the Industrials investment banking vertical at Western Reserve Partners in Cleveland, Ohio. Additionally, he was part of the investment banking team at KeyBanc Capital Markets in Indianapolis, Indiana and Cleveland Ohio.


Fifth Third Securities Inc. Announces Board Changes
Jun 28 16
Fifth Third Bancorp announced that Fifth Third Securities Inc. is continuing its expansion of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and strategic advisory capabilities. The Bank has hired Larry Williams, Bruce Woodward, Alan McClure, and Bill Benston, who founded The Breckenridge Group Inc. Larry Williams has nearly 40 years of investment banking experience, advising sell-side and buy-side M&A transactions. Williams has served a range of industries, including printing and packaging, healthcare services, manufacturing, specialty chemicals and franchising. Bruce Woodward has nearly 40 years of experience in advising management teams and shareholders of middle-market businesses. Woodward has advised several industries, including transportation, manufacturing, financial services, retailing and distribution. Alan McClure brings over 30 years of experience in advising management teams and shareholders of middle-market firms on the sale of their businesses. McClure has experience across several industries, including telecommunications, manufacturing, business services and distribution. Bill Benston brings more than 23 years of investment banking experience, providing advice on buy- and sell-side M&A transactions for companies in the business services sector. Benston has experience advising manufacturing, distribution, packaging, franchising and technology, media and telecommunications industries. Also joining Fifth Third Securities to support the M&A advisory and investment banking clients are Elizabeth Head, Mark Basford and Jaime Shepard.


Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Orders 12 Firms to Pay Restitution Totaling More than $4 Million and Fines Totaling More than $2.6 Million for Failing to Apply Available Sales Charge Discounts to Customers’ Purchases of Unit Investment Trusts and Related Supervisory Failures
Oct 20 15
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) announced that it has ordered 12 firms to pay restitution totaling more than $4 million and fines totaling more than $2.6 million for failing to apply available sales charge discounts to customers’ purchases of Unit Investment Trusts (UITs), and related supervisory failures. FINRA imposed sanctions against the following firms: First Allied Securities, Inc. of San Diego, CA, was ordered to pay $689,647 in restitution and fined $325,000. Fifth Third Securities, Inc. of Cincinnati, OH, was ordered to pay $663,534 in restitution and fined $300,000. Securities America, Inc. of La Vista, NE, was ordered to pay $477,686 in restitution and fined $275,000. Cetera Advisors LLC of Denver, CO, was ordered to pay $452,622 in restitution and fined $250,000. Park Avenue Securities LLC of New York, NY, was ordered to pay $443,255 in restitution and fined $300,000. Commonwealth Financial Network of Waltham, MA, was ordered to pay $357,521 in restitution and fined $225,000. MetLife Securities, Inc. of New York, NY, was ordered to pay $349,748 in restitution and fined $300,000. Comerica Securities of Detroit, MI, was ordered to pay $197,757 in restitution and fined $150,000. Cetera Advisor Networks LLC of El Segundo, CA, was ordered to pay $151,108 in restitution and fined $150,000. Ameritas Investment Corp. of Lincoln, NE, was ordered to pay $128,544 in restitution and fined $150,000. Infinex Investments, Inc. of Meridian, CT, was ordered to pay $109,627 in restitution and fined $150,000. The Huntington Investment Company of Columbus, OH, was ordered to pay $60,973 in restitution and fined $75,000. A UIT is a type of investment company that offers redeemable units of a generally fixed portfolio of securities that terminate on a specific date. UIT sponsors generally offer sales charge discounts to investors, known as "breakpoint discounts" and "rollover and exchange discounts." A breakpoint discount is a reduced sales charge based on the dollar amount of the purchase—the higher the amount the greater the discount. Breakpoints generally function as a sliding reduction in the sales charge percentage available for purchases, usually beginning at $25,000 or $50,000 (or the corresponding number of units). A rollover or exchange discount is a reduced sales charge that is offered to investors who use the termination or redemption proceeds from one UIT to purchase another UIT. In March 2004, FINRA issued a Regulatory Notice to firms titled, Unit Investment Trust Sales, to remind broker-dealers that they should develop and implement procedures to ensure customers receive appropriate sales charge discounts for UITs. In concluding these settlements, the firms neither admitted nor denied the charges, but consented to the entry of FINRA’s findings.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fifth Third Securities, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fifth Third Securities Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























fifth third securities inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Fifth Third Securities, Inc. provides investment advisory services. The Company offers investment management, retirement planning, estate planning, tax management, and account consolidation services. Fifth Third Securities serves clients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, OH 45263
United States


Phone:
1-866-670-0468


Fax:
1-513-534-0629


Web url:
www.53.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Jarret Andrew Jacobs


Chief Compliance Officer




Howard Hammond


Managing Director




Justin Michael Overmann


Director:Brokerage Operations







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Fifth Third Securities Inc                                                                                               - Cincinnati                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Cincinnati



Security Brokers and Dealers



Bond Dealers And Brokers



                            Fifth Third Securities Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Fifth Third Securities Inc                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



34 FOUNTAIN SQUARE PLZ CINCINNATI, OH 45202
Get Directions



(888) 889-1025
 





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated OH
 Annual Revenue $45,742,098.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Bond Dealers And Brokers
 Contacts Phillip E Chambers                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1995 the company has been providing Bond Dealers And Brokers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














  Contact Us :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona                             Free Consultation: (800) 259-9010  Tap to Call Tap to Text            Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Home Contact Investment Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP    Home  About Us  Our Attorneys  William S. Shepherd   Kirk G. Smith   Samuel B. Edwards   Robert A. Kantas   Ryan Cook   Tanya C. Edwards   David Miller   Luis J. Acevedo-Bengoechea   Jason Humble   Our Staff    FAQs  FAQ Videos    News  Broker Misconduct  Misrepresentation and Omissions  Unsuitability  Overconcentration  Churning    Brokerage Firms  Investments  Blog  Resources  Español  Mal Manejo por Parte de los Corredores  Acerca de Nosotros  Preguntas Frecuentes  Contacto    Offices  Contact Us       Pérdida de Fondo de Bonos UBS de Puerto RicoCONTACTO                    Home   Contact Us      Contact Us       Toll Free: (800) 259-9010 Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215Click here for other office locationsWe would like to help you, your company or your pension fund reclaim what has been lost. Don't let investment advisor or broker misconduct go unpunished. Complete this questionnaire and an experienced member of our team will contact you as soon as possible to arrange for a free confidential consultation with one of our experienced attorneys. BY APPOINTMENT ONLY                     Contact Information:  Name:*      Name of Securities Firm:      Name of Your Broker:      Address:      City:     State:     ZIP:     Email:*     Phone Number:*     Approximate amount of money you lost:   Tell us about your situation:   Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.       Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in this form. This form sends information by non-encrypted e-mail which is not secure. Submitting this form does not create an attorney-client relationship.               Connect               Search   Broker Misconduct    Misrepresentation and Omissions   Unsuitability   Overconcentration   Churning   Failure to Execute Trades   Failure to Supervise   Breach of Promise/Contract   Breach of Fiduciary Duty   Negligence   Margin Account Abuse   Registration Violations   Unauthorized Trading                              Main Office  1010 Lamar St #900 Houston, TX 77002    Tel: (713) 227-2400  Fax: (713) 227-7215         Los Angeles Office  1800 Century Park E #600 Los Angeles, CA 90067    Phone: (310) 789-5822         San Francisco Office  1 Embarcadero Center #500 San Francisco, CA 94111    Phone: (415) 623-2002         New York Office  14 Wall St 20th Floor New York, NY 10005    Phone: (212) 618-1330         Troy Office  100 W Big Beaver Rd #200 Troy, MI 48084    Phone: (248) 526-3319      We serve the following localities: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas–Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Bernardino-Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa–St. Petersburg, and Washington, D.C.    Texas Securities Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Broker Fraud & Misconduct Claims   Institutional Investment Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Securities Litigation & Arbitration       Home   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Contact Us :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona Copyright © 2017,  Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP   Justia Law Firm Website Design                 







     



Personal Investment Plans by Fifth Third Bank | Fifth Third Bank




































































Menu






Search



Log In





































Home


                    Invest
                


It’s all about you.
We’ll make sure your personal investment plan is just that: personal.








We're here to help

Contact an Advisor
 FIND A BRANCH 
FINRA Brokercheck








Individual Investment Products:


IRAs


Stocks and Bonds


Mutual Funds


Annuities


Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)


Options











Investment Options








Fifth Third IRAs
Find an IRA that meets your personal investing needs.

Tax advantages

IRAs Options

Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Rollover IRA











Bonds may provide income stream 
 
Varied performance
Stocks may provide potential long-term growth
Bonds may provide income stream
Learn More
 
 










Mutual Funds 
 
Managed by professionals
Earn a share of interest or dividends
Learn More
 
 






Four Investment Strategy Steps
Using our four-step process, we’ll customize your investment portfolio based on your timing and objectives.




1. Understand your goals:

Conservative? Aggressive? We’ll take the time to understand your goals and what you want to achieve





2. Create your investor profile:

We’ll develop your profile based on your risk tolerance, cash needed, and other characteristics





3. Build your portfolio:

Only when we clearly understand your needs will we build your portfolio





4. Monitor your Investment portfolio:

We will work closely with you to stay on top of your investment strategy and recommend adjustments









Related Services





Whole Life Insurance






Term Life Insurance






Universal Life Insurance






Variable Life Insurance














We're here to help

Contact an Advisor
 FIND A BRANCH 
FINRA Brokercheck













Leaving 53.com



You are leaving a Fifth Third website and will be going to a website operated by a third party which is not affiliated with Fifth Third Bank. That site has a privacy policy and security practices that are different from that of the Fifth Third website. Fifth Third and its affiliates are not responsible for the content on third parties.


Cancel
Continue







Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                    Treasury At A Glance - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Treasury At A Glance - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor
                                 





                                    Capital Markets Report
                                 




Cancel









Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                     Capital Markets Bi-Weekly Newsletter
                                 
A bi-weekly newsletter that provides an overview of key trends and market conditions in the capital markets in which Fifth Third is active and engaged to help you better evaluate and manage the market risks that affect your business.



Cancel



















 



Investment Solutions | Fifth Third Bank




































































Menu






Search



Log In






































Home


Invest


                    Investment Solutions
                


Fifth Third Securities
Set goals, build a strategy and maintain your portfolio.








We're here to help

FIND AN ADVISOR
FIND A BRANCH
FINRA BROKERCHECK









                Investment Services
                
            
Everyone has different financial goals. Fifth Third Securities offers a selection of investment services and strategies, and your investment professional can guide you through them to help determine the ones that suit current and future needs.








                Options and opportunities
                
            
Some of our investment offerings include:

Stocks/Bonds 
Mutual Funds 
Exchange Traded Funds
Variable Annuities 
Unit Investment Trusts






                Get started
                
            
Contact an Investment Executive today to get started on your investment plan.







We're here to help

FIND AN ADVISOR
FIND A BRANCH
FINRA BROKERCHECK

















Leaving 53.com



You are leaving a Fifth Third website and will be going to a website operated by a third party which is not affiliated with Fifth Third Bank. That site has a privacy policy and security practices that are different from that of the Fifth Third website. Fifth Third and its affiliates are not responsible for the content on third parties.


Cancel
Continue







Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                    Treasury At A Glance - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Treasury At A Glance - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Wholesale
                                 





                                    Business Advisor - Business Banking
                                 





                                    Business Advisor
                                 





                                    Capital Markets Report
                                 




Cancel









Sign up for Our Newsletters










Email Address







                                     Capital Markets Bi-Weekly Newsletter
                                 
A bi-weekly newsletter that provides an overview of key trends and market conditions in the capital markets in which Fifth Third is active and engaged to help you better evaluate and manage the market risks that affect your business.



Cancel
























Fifth Third Securities, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Fifth Third Securities, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Transaction Advisors Transaction Clients



Fifth Third Securities, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1925




Headquarters


3307 Chicago Road, South Chicago Heights, IL 60411-5422




Employees (Worldwide)


1,403




Industries


Investment Banking & Brokerage




Company Description


Fifth Third Securities, Inc. is an SEC-registered broker/dealer and municipal securities dealer located in Cincinnati, Ohio. The firm is a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp (NYSE: FITB). They are affiliated with Fifth Third Asset Management, Inc. Fifth Third Securities offers a full range of brokerage products and services including stocks, bonds and mutual funds. They do not provide any internal research. Clearing services are provided by National Financial Services LLC.




Website


http://www.53.com






 In The News
          See more




Banking and Credit News
April 17, 2017





                        Fifth Third hires new members for Industrials Investment Banking Team                    





SNL Financial
April 14, 2017





                        Fifth Third Securities names managing director                    





Business Wire
April 13, 2017





                        Fifth Third Expands Industrials Investment Banking Team                    





GlobeNewswire
March 7, 2017





                        Toll Brothers, Inc. Prices $300 Million of Senior Notes                    





GlobeNewswire
March 1, 2017





                        LPL Financial Provides Update on Fourth Quarter 2016 Advisor Recruiting                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Robert Franklin Marcus

Managing Director & Head of Capital Markets




Howard Hammond

Director, Managing Director of Retail





Ginger Michelle Kelly

Director, Administrative Officer-Retail




Jarrett Andrew Jacobs

Director, BD Chief Compliance Officer/RIA Chief Compliance Officer





Justin Michael Overmann

Director, Brokerage Operations




Mark Emmet Brown

Director, Administrator Officer-Capital Markets





Timothy G. Glasser

Vice President




Michelle Griffith

Vice President & Sales Manager





Tim Reidy

Senior Public Finance Investment Banker, Public Finance Group




Brian Seedhouse

Senior Public Finance Investment Banker, Public Finance Group







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Philip R. McHugh

Head, Consumer Bank at Fifth Third Bancorp







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Fifth Third Securities, Inc.



                        Fifth Third Securities, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Fifth Third Securities, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Fifth Third Securities, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Crown Castle International Corp. issued Common Stock                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Community Healthcare Trust, Inc. issued Common Stock                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    General Atlantic LLC, Red Ventures LLC purchase Bankrate, Inc.                                                                               - (Pending)





 Details Hidden



                                    Sun Communities, Inc. issued Common Stock                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Patrick Industries, Inc. issued Common Stock                                                                    






See 50+ more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transaction Advisors



Companies ▾




Legal Advisor



Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Synchrony Financial issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Latham & Watkins LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        MGM Growth Properties LLC issued Class A Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Baker Botts LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Plains GP Holdings LP issued Class A Voting Common Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Gaming & Leisure Properties, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Jones Day

                                        Advised on
                                        CareTrust REIT, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




People ▾




Associate



Amy E. Turner

                                        Advised on
                                        Southwestern Energy Co. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Andrew J. Pitts

                                        Advised on
                                        Allergan Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Douglas S. Horowitz

                                        Advised on
                                        QEP Resources, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Deputy Office Managing Partner



Ian D. Schuman

                                        Advised on
                                        Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Legal Advisor



Lindsay Flora

                                        Advised on
                                        Gaming & Leisure Properties, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    






See 50+ more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 






 Transaction Clients



Companies ▾




Manager



AK Steel Holding Corporation

                                        Advised on
                                        AK Steel Holding Corporation issued Common Shares                                    




Manager



CareTrust REIT, Inc.

                                        Advised on
                                        CareTrust REIT, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Manager



Sun Communities, Inc.

                                        Advised on
                                        Sun Communities, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Manager



Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc.

                                        Advised on
                                        Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. issued Common Stock                                    




Manager



Southwestern Energy Co.

                                        Advised on
                                        Southwestern Energy Co. issued Common Stock                                    






See 50+ more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 







You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













  Our Attorneys :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona                             Free Consultation: (800) 259-9010  Tap to Call Tap to Text            Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Home Contact Stockbroker Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP    Home  About Us  Our Attorneys  William S. Shepherd   Kirk G. Smith   Samuel B. Edwards   Robert A. Kantas   Ryan Cook   Tanya C. Edwards   David Miller   Luis J. Acevedo-Bengoechea   Jason Humble   Our Staff    FAQs  FAQ Videos    News  Broker Misconduct  Misrepresentation and Omissions  Unsuitability  Overconcentration  Churning    Brokerage Firms  Investments  Blog  Resources  Español  Mal Manejo por Parte de los Corredores  Acerca de Nosotros  Preguntas Frecuentes  Contacto    Offices  Contact Us       Pérdida de Fondo de Bonos UBS de Puerto RicoCONTACTO                    Home   Our Attorneys      Our Attorneys    William S. Shepherd      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Kirk G. Smith      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Samuel B. Edwards      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Robert A. Kantas      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Ryan Cook    Associate   Houston, TX      Main: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Tanya C. Edwards      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       David Miller      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Luis J. Acevedo-Bengoechea      Houston, TX      Phone: (713) 227-2400 Fax: (713) 227-7215       Jason Humble      Houston, TX                      Contact Us  Free consultation (800) 259-9010          Name (Required)      Email (Required)      Phone (Required)       Message         Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit      Connect               Search   Broker Misconduct    Misrepresentation and Omissions   Unsuitability   Overconcentration   Churning   Failure to Execute Trades   Failure to Supervise   Breach of Promise/Contract   Breach of Fiduciary Duty   Negligence   Margin Account Abuse   Registration Violations   Unauthorized Trading                Contact Us                        Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.   Submit                     Main Office  1010 Lamar St #900 Houston, TX 77002    Tel: (713) 227-2400  Fax: (713) 227-7215         Los Angeles Office  1800 Century Park E #600 Los Angeles, CA 90067    Phone: (310) 789-5822         San Francisco Office  1 Embarcadero Center #500 San Francisco, CA 94111    Phone: (415) 623-2002         New York Office  14 Wall St 20th Floor New York, NY 10005    Phone: (212) 618-1330         Troy Office  100 W Big Beaver Rd #200 Troy, MI 48084    Phone: (248) 526-3319      We serve the following localities: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas–Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Bernardino-Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa–St. Petersburg, and Washington, D.C.    Texas Securities Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Broker Fraud & Misconduct Claims   Institutional Investment Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Securities Litigation & Arbitration       Home   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Our Attorneys :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona Copyright © 2017,  Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP   Justia Law Firm Website Design                 







      Securities Fraud Resources :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona                              Free Consultation: (800) 259-9010  Tap to Call Tap to Text            Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Home Contact Securities Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP    Home  About Us  Our Attorneys  William S. Shepherd   Kirk G. Smith   Samuel B. Edwards   Robert A. Kantas   Ryan Cook   Tanya C. Edwards   David Miller   Luis J. Acevedo-Bengoechea   Jason Humble   Our Staff    FAQs  FAQ Videos    News  Broker Misconduct  Misrepresentation and Omissions  Unsuitability  Overconcentration  Churning    Brokerage Firms  Investments  Blog  Resources  Español  Mal Manejo por Parte de los Corredores  Acerca de Nosotros  Preguntas Frecuentes  Contacto    Offices  Contact Us       Pérdida de Fondo de Bonos UBS de Puerto RicoCONTACTO                    Home   Securities Fraud Resources      Securities Fraud Resources  Why Securities Regulators Can't Help Defrauded Investors Common Mistakes Investors Make in Dealing With Brokers Securities Fraud Case Studies Securities Fraud Lawsuits Securities Fraud Web Sites Lost Retirement Savings How Investors Got Into Trouble With Annuities Variable Annuities: What You Should Know Variable Annuities - Investor Tips from the Securities and Exchange Commission Index Annuities About Pension Plans Arbitration Information US States US Metropolitan Areas NASD Members FAQS: Frequently Asked Questions of Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Law Firm Other U.S. Cities Auction Rate Securities Fraud The Arbitration Process            Contact Us  Free consultation (800) 259-9010          Name (Required)      Email (Required)      Phone (Required)       Message         Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit      Connect               Search   Broker Misconduct    Misrepresentation and Omissions   Unsuitability   Overconcentration   Churning   Failure to Execute Trades   Failure to Supervise   Breach of Promise/Contract   Breach of Fiduciary Duty   Negligence   Margin Account Abuse   Registration Violations   Unauthorized Trading                Contact Us                        Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.   Submit                     Main Office  1010 Lamar St #900 Houston, TX 77002    Tel: (713) 227-2400  Fax: (713) 227-7215         Los Angeles Office  1800 Century Park E #600 Los Angeles, CA 90067    Phone: (310) 789-5822         San Francisco Office  1 Embarcadero Center #500 San Francisco, CA 94111    Phone: (415) 623-2002         New York Office  14 Wall St 20th Floor New York, NY 10005    Phone: (212) 618-1330         Troy Office  100 W Big Beaver Rd #200 Troy, MI 48084    Phone: (248) 526-3319      We serve the following localities: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas–Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Bernardino-Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa–St. Petersburg, and Washington, D.C.    Texas Securities Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Broker Fraud & Misconduct Claims   Institutional Investment Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Securities Litigation & Arbitration       Home   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Securities Fraud Resources :: Securities Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona Copyright © 2017,  Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP   Justia Law Firm Website Design                 







      Broker Misconduct :: Broker Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona                              Free Consultation: (800) 259-9010  Tap to Call Tap to Text            Broker Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Home Contact Stock Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP    Home  About Us  Our Attorneys  William S. Shepherd   Kirk G. Smith   Samuel B. Edwards   Robert A. Kantas   Ryan Cook   Tanya C. Edwards   David Miller   Luis J. Acevedo-Bengoechea   Jason Humble   Our Staff    FAQs  FAQ Videos    News  Broker Misconduct  Misrepresentation and Omissions  Unsuitability  Overconcentration  Churning    Brokerage Firms  Investments  Blog  Resources  Español  Mal Manejo por Parte de los Corredores  Acerca de Nosotros  Preguntas Frecuentes  Contacto    Offices  Contact Us       Pérdida de Fondo de Bonos UBS de Puerto RicoCONTACTO                    Home   Broker Misconduct      Broker Misconduct Claims by investors against their stockbrokers and other investment advisors fall into four basic categories. The most common claims that we have seen are:    Misrepresentation and Omissions    Unsuitability    Overconcentration    Churning    Failure to Execute Trades    Failure to Supervise    Breach of Promise/Contract    Breach of Fiduciary Duty    Negligence    Margin Account Abuse    Registration Violations    Unauthorized Trading                Contact Us  Free consultation (800) 259-9010          Name (Required)      Email (Required)      Phone (Required)       Message         Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit      Connect               Search   Broker Misconduct    Misrepresentation and Omissions   Unsuitability   Overconcentration   Churning   Failure to Execute Trades   Failure to Supervise   Breach of Promise/Contract   Breach of Fiduciary Duty   Negligence   Margin Account Abuse   Registration Violations   Unauthorized Trading                Contact Us                        Enter text from the image above. Please enter the text from the image on the left.   Submit                     Main Office  1010 Lamar St #900 Houston, TX 77002    Tel: (713) 227-2400  Fax: (713) 227-7215         Los Angeles Office  1800 Century Park E #600 Los Angeles, CA 90067    Phone: (310) 789-5822         San Francisco Office  1 Embarcadero Center #500 San Francisco, CA 94111    Phone: (415) 623-2002         New York Office  14 Wall St 20th Floor New York, NY 10005    Phone: (212) 618-1330         Troy Office  100 W Big Beaver Rd #200 Troy, MI 48084    Phone: (248) 526-3319      We serve the following localities: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas–Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Bernardino-Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa–St. Petersburg, and Washington, D.C.    Texas Securities Fraud Lawyer Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Broker Fraud & Misconduct Claims   Institutional Investment Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP Website  - Securities Litigation & Arbitration       Home   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Broker Misconduct :: Broker Fraud Attorney Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP - Serving the USA - Texas, California, New York, Florida, Arizona Copyright © 2017,  Shepherd Smith Edwards & Kantas LTD LLP   Justia Law Firm Website Design                 







    