 



Fig Publishing, Inc. Secures SEC Qualification to Issue Psychonauts 2 Fig Game Shares | Business Wire
























































Fig Publishing, Inc. Secures SEC Qualification to Issue Psychonauts 
      2 Fig Game Shares




New Security Created, Fig Game Shares, Allows Everyone the 
      Opportunity to Invest and Support the Development and Publishing of 
      Their Favorite Games






September 29, 2016 12:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fig 
      Publishing, Inc., the only crowdfunding and publishing platform 
      allowing non-accredited investors to financially support video game 
      development and publishing, has been approved by the United States 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to offer Fig Game Shares—PSY2 
      for Psychonauts 2. With this qualification, Fig will be the first 
      and only company to allow all fans the opportunity to support and earn a 
      return based on a single game’s sales through Fig Game Shares. This 
      qualification paves the way for Fig to create and register new Fig Game 
      Shares for its other games.
    


      “Enabling fans and communities to directly support and financially 
      benefit from their favorite games is transformative to the publishing of 
      interactive entertainment and beyond,” said Justin Bailey, founder and 
      CEO, Fig. “Fig is committed to evolving video game publishing and 
      crowdfunding in this direction that benefits fans, communities, and 
      developers, and ultimately to the making of great games.”
    

      The Psychonauts 
      2 Fig crowdfunding campaign garnered more than $3.8 million in 
      rewards funding and investment reservations from 24,100 fans who rushed 
      to back the sequel to the critically-acclaimed title from developer 
      Double Fine Productions, pledging their support for rewards or 
      registering their investment interest. Now that the SEC has qualified 
      Fig Publishing, Inc.’s offering statement, fans who registered their 
      investment interest will be able to buy their Fig Game Shares. Fig 
      Publishing, Inc. will soon reach out to investors with details to 
      complete their investments online at fig.co. 
      Backers should review or re-review the offering circular for Fig Game 
      Shares—PSY2 that will be available on Fig’s website and the SEC's 
      website.
    

      As demonstrated by the success of Fig campaigns for Psychonauts 2, 
      Consortium: The Tower, Jay and Silent Bob: Chronic Blunt Punch and 
      Outer Wilds, Fig has the power to rally players behind devs and 
      their passion projects.
    

      Fig has also released “The Story of Fig,” a new video introducing 
      viewers to the company’s origin story, the team behind the Fig 
      braintrust and their mission to turn great ideas into great games. To 
      view the video, please visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goYNtt2dYEU.
    

      The latest campaigns on Fig include indie titles Make Sail from 
      Popcannibal and Trackless from 12 East Games. A unique 
      nautical-themed adventure game where players construct their own 
      seafaring craft, Make Sail is the latest title from acclaimed 
      developer Ziba Scott (Elegy for a Dead World, Girls Like Robots). 
      The Make Sail fundraising campaign is live today on Fig at fig.co/sail, 
      with a goal of raising $50,000. Those interested in learning more about 
      the mysterious text-based adventure Trackless can register their 
      interest at fig.co/track. 
      InXile Entertainment and Fig will also launch a campaign for Wasteland 
      3 on October 5, which includes both rewards and investment 
      crowdfunding.
    

About Fig


      As the only funding and publishing platform created by gamers for gamers 
      that offers rewards and investment based funding, Fig.co empowers 
      developers and passionate fans alike to bring well-known franchises and 
      undiscovered indie titles to market. The Fig.co company was founded by 
      Justin Bailey and Bob Ippolito, and was established with help from a 
      coalition of independent game developers including Brian Fargo, Feargus 
      Urquhart, and Tim Schafer. Fig Publishing, Inc. is an affiliate of the 
      Fig.co company and was founded to give investors a way to support the 
      development and publishing of great new games by Fig.
    

      For more information, visit fig.co 
      and follow us on twitter.com/playfig 
      and facebook.com/playfig.
    

      Interested in working with Fig to get your game supported? Send your 
      pitch to pitches@fig.co.
    

IMPORTANT MESSAGE: An offering statement relating to Fig Publishing, 
      Inc.’s Fig Game Shares – PSY2 has been filed with the U.S. Securities 
      and Exchange Commission and has been qualified. Prior to any investment 
      in Fig Game Shares – PSY2, you should review a copy of the offering 
      circular included in such offering statement by clicking on the 
      following link: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1658966/000121390016017011/f1a1215a5_figpublishing.htm, 
      or by requesting a copy by phone at 415-689-5789 or by writing to Fig at 
      599 Third St., Suite 211, San Francisco, CA 94107. No offer to sell any 
      securities, and no solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, is 
      being made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or solicitation 
      would not be permitted by applicable law.


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This communication contains 
      forward-looking statements that involve a number of judgments, risks and 
      uncertainties relating to each of Fig’s and Fig Publishing Inc.’s 
      business, results, plans and prospects. Actual events or outcomes may 
      differ materially from those described, for a number of reasons, 
      including those discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of the offering 
      circular included in the current offering statement filed by Fig 
      Publishing, Inc. with the SEC and available to the public on the EDGAR 
      portion of the SEC’s website at sec.gov. 
      Neither Fig nor Fig Publishing, Inc. undertakes any obligation to update 
      any forward-looking statements in this communication or such offering 
      statement after the dates they were made, whether as a result of new 
      information, new events or otherwise, except as may be required under 
      applicable laws.





Contacts

      fortyseven for FigJen Chong1-323-658-1200fig@fortyseven.com
















Release Summary
Fig Publishing, Inc. secures SEC qualification as the first and only crowdfunding publishing platform to allow fans to support and earn a return based on a single game's sales through Fig Game Shares.







Contacts

      fortyseven for FigJen Chong1-323-658-1200fig@fortyseven.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 Fig Publishing’s Parent Company Raises $7.84 million in Series A Financing 
         










    










 













 











 



















Fig Publishing's Parent Company Raises $7.84 million in Series A Financing
        																																
              

          Round led by Spark Capital and Greycroft to fuel growth of the world's first fan funded publishing platform for video games
        











 News provided by
Loose Tooth Industries Inc.  
Jan 23, 2017, 12:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Loose Tooth Industries Inc., the parent company of Fig Publishing, Inc., announced that it has raised $7.84 million in Series A financing.
Fig Publishing is the only video game publisher that sells SEC-qualified shares tied to individual game projects, which it sells on the Fig.co crowdfunding platform. Loose Tooth intends to use a substantial majority of these proceeds in support of the Fig publishing business.








Spark Capital and Greycroft led the round, with participation from Resolute Ventures, NextView Ventures, and Draft Ventures. The investment will allow Fig Publishing to accelerate the number of innovative game projects made available to investors and backers on the unique Fig.co crowdfunding platform, which lets fans support the development and publishing of games through either rewards-based campaigns or by investing in securities such as Fig Game Shares™, which offer returns based on specific game projects.
"The opportunity for fans to get returns from sales of the games they believe in, opens up an entirely new narrative in the evolution of crowdfunding," said Fig CEO Justin Bailey, "Looking forward, we're exploring the possibility of amplifying the impact of fans even further by inviting institutional investors who have already expressed interest in our unique model to provide matching funds across our platform."
With Fig Game Shares, non-accredited investors are able to participate in the potential success of a game. Fig Game Shares pay returns based on the sales revenue of a single game, so investors get paid when a game launches, rather than having to wait for an exit if and when that occurs, which is the case with other crowdfunding platforms.
About FigLearn more about us by visiting https://www.fig.co.
About Spark CapitalFor more information, go to http://sparkcapital.com/.
About Greycroft   Visit http://greycroft.com/ to learn more.
The information contained herein is not investment advice and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or any recommendation in respect of, any security.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fig-publishings-parent-company-raises-784-million-in-series-a-financing-300394774.html
SOURCE Loose Tooth Industries Inc.



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Fig Publishing's Parent Company Raises $7.84 million in Series A Financing


 News provided by
Loose Tooth Industries Inc.  
Jan 23, 2017, 12:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Fig Publishing, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:02 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Fig Publishing, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fig Publishing, Inc. designs and develops gaming software. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco, California. Fig Publishing, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Loose Tooth Industries, Inc.


715 Bryant StreetSuite 202San Francisco, CA 94107United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 415-689-5789








Key Executives for Fig Publishing, Inc.


Fig Publishing, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 27, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      December 22, 2016
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 29, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fig Publishing, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Fig Tree Books - Publishing the Best Fiction of the American Jewish Experience (AJE)













































 
















































Previous



Next







 




 



 



 



 



 




Previous



Next




	Order Direct From Fig Tree & Receive Single Book, Book Club, & Quantity Discounts



	Order Direct From Fig Tree
 


Forewords & Introductions






					AJ Jacobs Foreword: My Jewish Year
				






					Marcia Clark Foreword: Compulsion
				






					Tova Mirvis Foreword: Prayers for the Living
				






					Dara Horn Foreword: The Pawnbroker
				






					Gabriel Levin Introduction: Compulsion
				





Previous



Next





Interviews






					Meet Our Authors
				









Our Mission


Fig Tree Books publishes novels and nonfiction (including memoirs) that chronicle and enlighten the beautiful and sometimes challenging mosaic of the American Jewish Experience in three ways, by:

Selecting new voices;
Working with previously published authors;
Re-publishing important works that have gone out of print.

Please contact us for manuscript submissions or for any other reason.
Fredric Price, Founder & Publisher




  Submit a Manuscript
							



Our Friends















Previous



Next






eBook Promotions 
Upcoming Events


Friday, August 25, 2017
Abigail Pogrebin (My Jewish Year) will visit the Jewish Federation of the Berkshires for a “Knosh and Knowledge” program at Hevreh of Southern Berkshire in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. $11 includes the program and lunch. Advance lunch reservations are required by Thursday, August 24 before noon. Program only is $5.


Thursday, September 14, 2017
Abigail Pogrebin (My Jewish Year) will be speaking at the Harold Washington Library Center in Chicago.


Friday, September 15, 2017
Abigail Pogrebin (My Jewish Year) will be speaking at Congregation Beth Israel (West Hartford, Connecticut). Details/link to follow.


View All Events  

Tweets by @FigTreeBks 
 






				©
				2017 - Fig Tree Books LLC - All Rights Reserved. Headquarters: Bedford, New York - Email: Info@FigTreeBooks.net
Terms of Use | Privacy | webdesign by matthewaprice.com






































Fig: Video Game Crowdfunding






























Fig Publishing, Inc. Secures SEC Qualification to Issue Psychonauts 2 Fig Game SharesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.08-3.34 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.11+33.56 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)Fig Publishing, Inc. Secures SEC Qualification to Issue Psychonauts 2 Fig Game SharesBusiness WireSeptember 29, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareSAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fig Publishing, Inc., the only crowdfunding and publishing platform allowing non-accredited investors to financially support video game development and publishing, has been approved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to offer Fig Game Shares—PSY2 for Psychonauts 2. With this qualification, Fig will be the first and only company to allow all fans the opportunity to support and earn a return based on a single game’s sales through Fig Game Shares. This qualification paves the way for Fig to create and register new Fig Game Shares for its other games.“Enabling fans and communities to directly support and financially benefit from their favorite games is transformative to the publishing of interactive entertainment and beyond,” said Justin Bailey, founder and CEO, Fig. “Fig is committed to evolving video game publishing and crowdfunding in this direction that benefits fans, communities, and developers, and ultimately to the making of great games.”The Psychonauts 2 Fig crowdfunding campaign garnered more than $3.8 million in rewards funding and investment reservations from 24,100 fans who rushed to back the sequel to the critically-acclaimed title from developer Double Fine Productions, pledging their support for rewards or registering their investment interest. Now that the SEC has qualified Fig Publishing, Inc.’s offering statement, fans who registered their investment interest will be able to buy their Fig Game Shares. Fig Publishing, Inc. will soon reach out to investors with details to complete their investments online at fig.co. Backers should review or re-review the offering circular for Fig Game Shares—PSY2 that will be available on Fig’s website and the SEC's website.As demonstrated by the success of Fig campaigns for Psychonauts 2, Consortium: The Tower, Jay and Silent Bob: Chronic Blunt Punch and Outer Wilds, Fig has the power to rally players behind devs and their passion projects.Fig has also released “The Story of Fig,” a new video introducing viewers to the company’s origin story, the team behind the Fig braintrust and their mission to turn great ideas into great games. To view the video, please visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goYNtt2dYEU.The latest campaigns on Fig include indie titles Make Sail from Popcannibal and Trackless from 12 East Games. A unique nautical-themed adventure game where players construct their own seafaring craft, Make Sail is the latest title from acclaimed developer Ziba Scott (Elegy for a Dead World, Girls Like Robots). The Make Sail fundraising campaign is live today on Fig at fig.co/sail, with a goal of raising $50,000. Those interested in learning more about the mysterious text-based adventure Trackless can register their interest at fig.co/track. InXile Entertainment and Fig will also launch a campaign for Wasteland 3 on October 5, which includes both rewards and investment crowdfunding.About FigAs the only funding and publishing platform created by gamers for gamers that offers rewards and investment based funding, Fig.co empowers developers and passionate fans alike to bring well-known franchises and undiscovered indie titles to market. The Fig.co company was founded by Justin Bailey and Bob Ippolito, and was established with help from a coalition of independent game developers including Brian Fargo, Feargus Urquhart, and Tim Schafer. Fig Publishing, Inc. is an affiliate of the Fig.co company and was founded to give investors a way to support the development and publishing of great new games by Fig.For more information, visit fig.co and follow us on twitter.com/playfig and facebook.com/playfig.Interested in working with Fig to get your game supported? Send your pitch to pitches@fig.co.IMPORTANT MESSAGE: An offering statement relating to Fig Publishing, Inc.’s Fig Game Shares – PSY2 has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and has been qualified. Prior to any investment in Fig Game Shares – PSY2, you should review a copy of the offering circular included in such offering statement by clicking on the following link: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1658966/000121390016017011/f1a1215a5_figpublishing.htm, or by requesting a copy by phone at 415-689-5789 or by writing to Fig at 599 Third St., Suite 211, San Francisco, CA 94107. No offer to sell any securities, and no solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, is being made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or solicitation would not be permitted by applicable law.Read MoreFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This communication contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties relating to each of Fig’s and Fig Publishing Inc.’s business, results, plans and prospects. Actual events or outcomes may differ materially from those described, for a number of reasons, including those discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of the offering circular included in the current offering statement filed by Fig Publishing, Inc. with the SEC and available to the public on the EDGAR portion of the SEC’s website at sec.gov. Neither Fig nor Fig Publishing, Inc. undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this communication or such offering statement after the dates they were made, whether as a result of new information, new events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160929005393/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHillary to explain 'What Happened' in new bookAFPEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance Video3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredFast food chains are coping with their labor cost problemYahoo FinanceThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k








