


Investment in Funds and Wealth Management with Fidelity Hong Kong
































Your expert investment partner


            Achieve your financial aspirations
          

Find a fund











 


MPF Consolidation made easy
Managing your MPF might look complicated but it doesn’t have to be. At Fidelity, it is our mission to make it easy. 
Consolidate Now










 

 

When the day comes…
To live your dream in your retirement, it’s good to be prepared. At Fidelity, we understand you need a long-term partner to help your money grow. Our investment teams will uncover the best opportunities for you. We believe that better research leads to better confidence, better investment decisions and better long-term performance for you. Let’s strive together for your dream retirement.
Learn more










 


Inspiration and ideas
Discover valuable tips for your journey towards financial wellness.
Read more Follow us on Facebook










 


2017 Analyst Survey
The Fidelity Analyst Survey 2017 offers a unique view of the world built from thousands of observations of companies, their management and their expectations. With 17,000 company meetings per year, our analysts provide first-hand insights into the opportunities and risks for companies in 2017 - and beyond. 
Learn more













Your MPF readiness index
Use the Fidelity MPF Readiness Index Quiz to identify the areas of MPF management that you need the most help with.
Learn more










 


Whatever market in the world you want to invest in, Fidelity has it covered
Our wide range of funds provides investors with investment options in all major asset classes, geographic regions and industries.
Fidelity FundsFind funds










 

 

MPF and ORSO, your retirement journey
Don't leave your future financial security to chance. Find out how Fidelity MPF and Fidelity ORSO can help you plan your retirement with confidence.
Fidelity MPFFidelity ORSOSelecting funds for your MPFConsolidating your MPFEmployee Choice Arrangement










 


Personal Investing made easy
Take control of your investments with our broad selection of funds and services.
If you invest USD100,000 or more with us, you will become a Fidelity Wealth client and enjoy a range of exclusive benefits.
Personal InvestingSetting up a Monthly Investment PlanFidelity WealthSelect ListOpening an account










 

 

Understanding long-term opportunities
Whether you are a seasoned investor or just getting started, the insights from our global team of investment experts can help you in making informed decisions.
Covering the basicsMarket outlook










 

 

Recognised for outstanding performance
Fidelity has won 15 industry awards in 2016, in recognition of our outstanding investment capabilities and management quality.
Learn more


















Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking - Barron's










































































 







 


 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Best Online Brokers

Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking
Fidelity takes the top spot, with Interactive Brokers and TD Ameritrade right on its heels


 







By

Theresa W. Carey

 Biography




 




March 18, 2017


The bull market is on sale for online brokerage customers. In the run-up to our 22nd annual ranking of Barron’s Best Online Brokers, two developments topped all others: The three major indexes—the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500, and the Nasdaq Composite—all set record highs, and six brokers slashed commissions and other fees. At the 16 brokers we reviewed this year, the average monthly cost of trading for an occasional investor had fallen 25% since early 2016, to $47.51 from $63.45. That means...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 


 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 























FIL Fund Management Private Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:37 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of FIL Fund Management Private Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of November 26, 2012, FIL Fund Management Private Limited was acquired by L&T Finance Ltd. FIL Fund Management Private Limited is a privately owned investment manager. The firm manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the world. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It employs in-house research to make investments. The firm was founded in 2005 and is based in Mumbai, India.


56, 5th FloorMaker Chambers VI220, Nariman PointMumbai,  400 021IndiaFounded in 2005



Phone: 91 22 6655 4000

Fax: 91 22 6655 4200








Key Executives for FIL Fund Management Private Limited


FIL Fund Management Private Limited does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 130R Capital Group Asia 3A Capital Services Limited Asia 3NS Capital Ventures Private Limited Asia 4 A Securities Limited Asia 7i Advisors, LLP Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FIL Fund Management Private Limited, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












The Yearbook & Directory - Company Information



 












 




home










The Yearbook & Directory of Ireland's international financial services industry 
Friday, 28th July 2017






 


Subscriber Login:


Email:

Password:








 

Home
Companies
Advisers
Bodies










FIL Fund Management (Ireland) Limited
FIL Limited was established in 1969 and serves the investment needs of individuals, institutions and advisers in markets outside the Americas, providing mutual funds, defined contribution pensions, segregated portfolios and multi-manager products. FIL Limited and its respective subsidiaries form the global investment management organisation that is commonly referred to as Fidelity Worldwide Investment or FIL.

FIL and its subsidiaries manage assets of US$270.4 billion for investors worldwide(1)  including Sterling, US Dollar, Euro and Canadian Dollar Aaa/MR1+ rated money market funds of Fidelity Institutional Liquidity Fund plc (ILF), a UCITS fund regulated and domiciled in Ireland and available in many countries. The ILF currently has assets of approximately USD$5bn with approx. 400 clients invested(2) and its administration is carried out by FIL Fund Management (Ireland) Limited (FFMIL).

FIL's international network enables it to combine a global approach with a local focus. This has helped FIL to become one of the UK's largest mutual fund managers  and a significant participant in many other markets in Europe and Asia. Fidelity has a reputation as one of the world's most successful long-term investment managers.

Independent and privately owned, FIL strives always to take the longer-term view. As a specialist in asset management, FIL believes it is ideally placed to act in the best interests of fund investors, to develop innovative products and to deliver the highest levels of customer service.(3) 

(1) FIL Limited, 31/12/2013
(2) FFMIL, 31/12/2013
(3) Issued by FIL Worldwide Investment (FCA registered no. 122170),authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority with its registered office at Oakhill House, 130 Tonbridge Road, Hildenborough, Tonbridge, Kent TN11 9DZ, United Kingdom (Reg No 1448245). C 12353
Senior Executives
Carol Mahon,  CEO


Contact Details


Address:
1st Floor Marconi House
Digges Lane, Dublin 2


Phone:
353 01 614 1200 Fax:
353 01 614 1201 
 Web address:
http://www.fidelityworldwideinvestments.com  

Parent


FIL Limited 		

Domicile Country of parent:
			Bermuda
Ultimate Parent:
 





Trading commenced:
Oct 2000












©2017 Fintel Publications Ltd. All rights reserved.











FIL Fund Management Ireland Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























fil fund management ireland ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
FIL Fund Management (Ireland) Limited operates as an investment management company. The Company offers cash and fund management, investment strategies, financial planning, and advisory services. FIL Fund Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Marconi House
Digges Lane, 1st Floor
Dublin - 2
Ireland


Phone:
353-1-614-1200


Fax:
353-1-614-1201


Web url:
www.fidelityilf.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	FIL Fund Management Pvt Ltd in Mumbai - Grotal.com


































 



 Mumbai Weather Today28°СMODERATE RAINHumidity : 100% What to wear tomorrow ?  




Share this page on facebook 
















India






























                            Search by Business, Product or Service.









Download App




FIL Fund Management Pvt Ltd in MumbaiClick to get related links






 














 Indiareit Fund Advisors Pvt Ltd in MumbaiFund Management Services in MumbaiHedge Fund Management in MumbaiLIC Nomura Mutual Fund Asset Management Company Limited in MumbaiPayroll Fund Management Services in MumbaiProvident Fund Management Services in MumbaiPrivate Client Fund Management in MumbaiStandard Contact Management Solutions Pvt Ltd in MumbaiComputer Aided Management Services India Pvt Ltd in MumbaiDecon Management Services Pvt Ltd in MumbaiSharp Facility Management Pvt Ltd in MumbaiING Investment Management India Pvt Ltd in MumbaiBarber Ship Management India Pvt Ltd in MumbaiExecutive Ship Management Pvt Ltd in MumbaiFleet Management India Pvt Ltd in MumbaiExplore MumbaiSponsored LinksSponsored Links  Sponsored Links   TitleAreaAddressPhone NoFIL Fund Management Pvt LtdNariman Point6th Floor, Mafatlal Centre, Nariman Point, Mumbai02266554000Write Review/QueryFIL Fund Management Pvt Ltd, Finance, Investment Plans, Financial Services, Mutual Funds, Equity FundsSponsored LinksArthveda Fund Management Pvt LtdBandra EastGround Floor, HDIL Towers, Anant Kanekar Marg, Pin Code: 400051, Mumbai02267748500Write Review/QueryReal Estate Services, Infrastructure Services, Trade Market Services, Agriculture Services, Arthveda Fund Management Pvt Ltd, Business EnterprisesSponsored Links  Sponsored Links  SBI Funds Management Pvt LtdThaneShop-1, Kashinath CHS, Naupada, Pin Code Number-400602, Mumbai02225414594Write Review/QueryMutual Funds Companies, Mutual Funds, Equity Funds, Equity Schemes, Debt Mutual Funds, Debt SchemesSBI Funds Management Pvt LtdBorivali WestShop-17, Star Trade Centre, Pin Code Number-400092, Mumbai02228927551Write Review/QueryMutual Funds Companies, Mutual Funds, Equity Funds, Equity Schemes, Debt Mutual Funds, Debt SchemesSBI Funds Management Pvt LtdFortIlaco House, Second Floor, PM Road, Pin Code Number-400001, Mumbai02266532801Write Review/QueryMutual Funds Companies, Equity Schemes, Debt Mutual Funds, Debt Schemes, Liquid Mutual Funds, Liquid SchemesSBI Funds Management Pvt LtdCuffe Parade191, Maker Tower E, Mumbai02222180221Write Review/QueryFinancial Services, Finance Companies, Equity Services, Fixed Deposits, Depository Services, Investment PlansFil Flan Technologies Pvt LtdAndheri West405 A, Kotia Nirman, Opposite Lakshmi Industrial Estate, New Link Road, Andheri West, Mumbai02226731524Write Review/QueryIT Solution Providers, Software Development, Software Companies, Document Management Software, Imaging Software, ICR SoftwarePiramal Enterprises LimitedLower ParelPiramal Tower, Peninsula Corporate Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Pin Code 400013, Mumbai02230466666Write Review/QueryPiramal Healthcare Limited, Pharmaceutical Manufacturers, Pharmaceutical Companies, Health Care Product Manufacturers, Indiareit Fund Advisors Pvt Ltd, Infrastructure Finance ServicesPiramal Enterprises LimitedJP Road247 Business Park A-Wing, 6th Floor, Vikroli, LBS Marg, Pin Code 400083, Mumbai02230956666Write Review/QueryPharmaceutical Manufacturers, Pharmaceutical Companies, Piramal Enterprises Limited, Healthcare Product Manufacturers, Piramal Healthcare Limited, Indiareit Fund Advisors Pvt LtdBasiz Fund Services Pvt ltdAndheri East6th Floor, Solaris 1, A Wing, Opposite L&T Gate No 6, Saki Vihar Road, Pin Code -400072, Mumbai022402200789167971230Write Review/QueryInvestor Services, Accounting Services, Financial Service Companies, Finance Consultants, Corporate Finance Consultants, Business Finance ConsultantsAssociated Chit Fund Pvt LtdNavi MumbaiOlive Complex, Unit No A-101, First Floor, Sector No 42, Plot No 44, Nerul, Mumbai09372627221Write Review/QueryChit Funds, Chit Fund Companies, Associated Chit Fund Pvt Ltd, FinanceMaxcare Chit Fund Pvt LtdPanvelMonesh Park.Mumbai Pune Road Nr Peace Park Hotel, Panvel, Mumbai022651001229527147900Write Review/QueryChit Funds, Chit Fund Companies, Maxcare Chit Fund Pvt Ltd, FinanceBalussery Benefit Chit Fund Pvt LtdSion EastVeena Vihar, 17-A, Flank Road, Next to Shanmukhananda Hall, Sion East, Mumbai02224012455Write Review/QueryChit Funds, Investment Plans, Balussery Benefit Chit Fund Pvt LtdSBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdVashi9th Floor, Crescenzo, C-38 & 39, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051., Mumbai02261793000Write Review/QueryFinance Companies, Financial Consultants, Investment Consultants, Financial Services, SBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdSBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdFortRajabahdur Compound, Ground Floor, Opposite Allahabad Bank, Behind ICICI Bank, Samachar Marg, Fort, Mumbai02230282478Write Review/QueryFinance Companies, Financial Consultants, Investment Consultants, SBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdSBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdAndheri EastSkylark Ground Floor Near Kamgar Kalyan Kendra, B M C Office, Azad Road, Andheri East, Mumbai18004255425Write Review/QueryFinancial Consultants, Investment Consultants, SBI Mutual Fund Pvt LtdAce Richesse India Pvt LtdFortNo 70, 1st Floor, Nagindas Master Road, Pin Code- 400001, Mumbai022228285279324298910Write Review/QueryShare Brokers, Share Broking Services, Depository Services, Private Client Fund Management, Ace Richesse India Pvt Ltd, Corporate Insurance ConsultantsAlmondz Global Securities LimitedSantacruz EastLevel 5, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Off BKC, Kalina, Pin Code-400098, Mumbai02266437600Write Review/QueryInvestment Banking Services, Debt PMS, Equity Broking Services, Commodity Broking Services, Corporate Finance Services, Provident Fund Management ServicesTSR Darashaw LimitedMahaLaxmi6-10, Haji Moosa Patrawala Industrial Estate, 20, Dr E Moses Road, Near Famous Studio, Pin Code 400011, Mumbai02266568484Write Review/QueryRetirement Funds, Payroll Funds, Record Management Services, Depository Services, Fund Administration Services, Payroll Fund Management ServicesLIC Nomura Mutual Fund Asset Management Company LimitedChurchgateIndustrial Assurance Building, 4th Floor, Opposite Churchgate Station, Mumbai02222851661Write Review/QueryLIC Mutual Funds, Share Trading, Stock Brokers, Debt Funds, Liquid Funds, Finance ServicesSponsored Links12Sponsored Links   Sponsored Links


























































Fidelity












   

 



  




 


 








Individuals & Advisers
Institutional


Login
Apply Now
Register for secure access
Retrieve online application




Search




Search




Home

Why Fidelity
					

Corporate information
					

How to invest
					

Industry awards
					

Commitment to responsible investing
					



Funds
					

Fund Performance
					

Invest through mFund
					

Fidelity Australian Equities Fund
					

Fidelity Australian Opportunities Fund
					

Fidelity Future Leaders Fund
					

Fidelity Global Equities Fund
					

Fidelity Hedged Global Equities Fund
					

Fidelity FIRST Global Fund
					

Fidelity Global Demographics Fund
					

Fidelity Global Emerging Markets Fund
					

Fidelity Global Dividend Growth Fund
					

Fidelity Hedged Global Dividend Growth Fund
					

Fidelity Asia Fund
					

Fidelity China Fund
					

Fidelity India Fund
					

Fund Financial Reports
					

Fund PDS and Forms
					

Proxy Voting
					

Continuous Disclosure
					



Markets & insights
					

Investment insights
					

Education
					

Daily Global Market Review
					

Video
					



Tools & resources
					

The outlook for 2017
					

US Election - Insights from Fidelity investment experts
					

Global equities
					

Understanding volatility
					

Sharemarket chart
					

Order form
					



Contact us
					

General enquiries
					

Adviser services
					

Institutional services
					

Media
					

Careers
					



Funds PDS & Forms
					








Sign up for our latest investment insights from around the world
Get insights















I want to...

Download forms
Apply online
Retrieve online application
Learn about Fidelity
See how to invest with Fidelity
See Fund details and performance
Learn insights from Fidelity's experts
Use tools to better understand the markets


 Fidelity Insights email
Get ahead of the game with investment insights, opinion and education - delivered direct to your in-box monthly Sign up now

 Financial 2017 year in review 
A business update from Alva Devoy, market insights of the past year and outlooks from our investment experts.  Read more

 Last updated 
Refresh

Market closed
Market open

Source: Morningstar




Latest investment insights





New Asset class outlooks: Cautious optimism…
The bull market is intact but beginning to look stretched; Earnings growth is underpinning equity markets for now - Europe most attractive; China and inflation are the key factors to monitor. 





New Why is 2017 an extremely important year for China?
2017 is an extremely important year for China. Fears about China’s economy are shaking global markets and capital is leaving the country at an unprecedented price.





New Our investment experts' outlook
How are Australian, Global and Asian equities positioned for the rest of 2017? 





Could China's stock market become a lot more transparent?
Last week, MSCI lifted the lid just a fraction on the hidden world of China's A-shares. 





MSCI decides to include A-shares
MSCI announced early this morning the decision to include A-shares into its global indices.





A-share MSCI announcement
In this article, Jing Ning, Portfolio Manager - Fidelity China Fund, shares her thoughts on A-shares and her outlook for Chinese markets.





Why is Apple Amit's largest holding?
The Fidelity Global Equities Fund has delivered 16.49%* year to date.





How far will we go to gain conviction?
“In periods such as the Global Financial Crisis (GFC), when it comes to stock selection it is all about the balance sheet”





A hung parliament: What does this mean for investors?
When UK Prime Minister Theresa May unexpectedly called an early election few would have predicted the result of a hung parliament. 





Amazon and active investing
20 years later, there is focus on the remarkable story of how an online bookseller revolutionised retail.





History. Will it repeat or rhyme?
Last week NASDAQ passed 6000 for the first time. It is unsurprising that investors should be nervous. 





The next French President: Emmanuel Macron
What key benefits will a Macron win bring to the European economy and its equity markets? 





Why the Fidelity FIRST Global Fund?
The Fund is an actively managed portfolio, accessing a core holding of global shares. 





100-day action plan to make America great again
The Trump Bump is in danger of morphing into a Trump Slump if the new President doesn't start to deliver. 





Far from up against a wall
As we close out the first quarter contrary to conventional wisdom, the top-performing stock markets have not been in the US, not even in a resurgent Europe…





Putting the perspective into politics
How does today's uncertain political environment shape markets? Are we worrying too much about politics? 





Why I took a break from Facebook
The Fund has been involved in Facebook since its initial public offering in 2012. So what has changed Amit Lodha's mind?





The market remains out of sync with the Fed
The Fed raised rates by 0.25% on Wednesday, as expected. The two changes in the statement both referred to inflation, but do not indicate a policy change. What are David Buckle's thoughts?





Coming soon - A report with a difference
Their survey provides an aggregate measure of sentiment based on that access as well as a wealth of proprietary analysis of the companies they cover.





The better bet: China or the US?
Given the recent confirmation of a new all-time high for the Dow Jones, you’d think it was safe to assume the US was leading the pack since the financial crisis...



27 Jul 2017
Global Market Review Read more
Sign-up for Insights emails More Insights
Video perspectives






Read More
A-share MSCI announcement(2:44)


View videos More Video updates from Fidelity's financial experts.



 




Site map  |   Unit pricing policy  |   Privacy  |   Terms and Conditions  |   Financial Services Guide  |   Important information  |   Security information  |   Complaints handling policy


This website is intended to provide general information only and has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs.  You should consider these matters before acting on the information and consider the relevant Product Disclosure Statement for any product named on this website before making an investment decision. 
		© 2017 FIL Responsible Entity (Australia) Limited ABN 33 148 059 009, AFSL No. 409340. 
		Fidelity, Fidelity International and the Fidelity International logo and F symbol are trademarks of FIL limited.
		
			 







This document is issued by FIL Responsible Entity (Australia) Limited ABN 33 148 059 009, AFSL No. 409340 ("Fidelity Australia"). Fidelity Australia is a member of the FIL Limited group of companies commonly known as Fidelity International. Prior to making an investment decision retail investors should seek advice from their financial adviser. Please remember past performance is not a guide to the future. Investors should also obtain and consider the Product Disclosure Statements ("PDS") for the fund mentioned in this document. The PDS is available on www.fidelity.com.au or can be obtained by contacting Fidelity Australia on 1800 119 270. This document has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should consider such matters before acting on the information contained in this document. This document may include general commentary on market activity, industry or sector trends or other broad based economic or political conditions which should not be construed as investment advice. Information stated herein about specific securities is subject to change. Any reference to specific securities should not be construed as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold these securities. While the information contained in this document has been prepared with reasonable care no responsibility or liability is accepted for any errors or omissions or misstatements however caused. The document may not be reproduced or transmitted without prior written permission of Fidelity Australia. The issuer of Fidelity funds is FIL Responsible Entity (Australia) Limited ABN 33 148 059 009.  References to ($) are in Australian dollars unless stated otherwise. © 2017 FIL Responsible Entity (Australia) Limited. Fidelity, Fidelity International, and the Fidelity International logo and F symbol are trademarks of FIL Limited.





FIL Fund Management Private Limited: Latest News & Videos, Photos about FIL Fund Management Private Limited  | The Economic TimesSECTIONSET APPSET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android AppENGLISHहिन्दीગુજરાતીE-PAPERSIGN-INFOLLOW USFACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSSFIL Fund Management Private LimitedLATEST NEWS​ CAG finds deficiencies in defence pension systemNew al-Qaeda linked terror outfit in Kashmir: Government ups vigilET Home›FIL Fund Management Private LimitedSEARCHED FOR:FIL FUND MANAGEMENT PRIVATE LIMITEDThe turf war over fund managersRecent guidance published by the European Securities and Markets Authority, an EU agency that promotes regulatory harmonisation across the bloc.26 Jul, 2017, 12.37AM ISTAshmiholdings Private Limited takes over The Bristol Hotel, GurugramThe Bristol is the first venture of Ashmiholdings. The company is prepar...7 Jul, 2017, 04.25PM ISTIrdai increases limit for raising funds on ‘exceptional basis’“For the unlisted company it gives flexibility and higher headroom,” said Rite...19 Jun, 2017, 08.00PM ISTAllNewsVideosPhotosManaging risk using mutual funds11 May, 2017, 09.58AM ISTMutual Funds according to financial planners are best products to manage risks.Fund managers wary of PSU bank merger fallout22 Jun, 2017, 09.37AM IST72 mutual fund schemes held shares in top four PSBs ­ barring SBI as of May this year.Apollo raises $24.6 billion for largest private equity fund ever27 Jul, 2017, 09.46PM ISTSince the financial crisis almost a decade ago, low interest rates and cheap debt have boosted capital piling into private equity funds by investors looking for higher returns.Outperform  KEC Inl, target Rs  294:   Centrum Wealth Management Limited1 Jun, 2017, 09.51AM ISTOutperform  KEC International Ltd.  at a price target of Rs  294.Fund managers lap up corporate banks in April30 May, 2017, 07.41PM ISTEquity schemes of top MFs lapped up shares of select private and public sector lenders in April.How these six fund managers conquered fear and rode the boom27 Jul, 2017, 10.47AM ISTHere is the story of six fund managers and what their funds' performance means for investors.Keeping a tab on your fund manager's performance22 May, 2017, 02.31PM ISTIt is paramount to keep a tab on the fund manager’s track record.Learn with ET Mutual Funds: Managing risk using mutual funds11 May, 2017, 09.34AM ISTFinancial planners believe, managing risk is essential and one of the best products to manage it is mutual funds.Demonetisation fraud: Court denies bail to private bank manager24 May, 2017, 05.19PM ISTSpecial Judge Hemani Malhotra dismissed the bail plea of Ashish Kumar, the then manager of Kotak Mahindra Bank, saying the allegations against him were serious.Fund managers eye merger ratio in IDFC-Shriram Group mega merger9 Jul, 2017, 03.39PM ISTMutual Funds have collectively invested a little over Rs 2700 crore in group companies.Fund manager's dilemma: Is IT a future star or value trap?5 Jul, 2017, 08.12AM ISTThe BSE's IT index has fallen 2.3 per cent so in 2016 against the 17.2 per cent gain of Nifty.Private companies may manage waste mopup in Bengaluru23 Feb, 2017, 12.24PM ISTThe civic body spends Rs 600 crore a year on solid waste management. This is a fourth of its annual revenue.Load More...12345678910xNot to be MissedNITI Aayog plans to change the way you travelHow many billionaires would it take to save the planet?Niti Aayog clears six proposals for high-tech public transport10 memorable quotes from APJ Abdul KalamNow violators will have to pay Rs 5,000 fine at airportsWhy the June quarter performance of ICICI bank may fail to cheer the street?Got a query on GST? Ask from experts nowAlways been asked to finish your antibiotics course? Maybe not, experts sayGainersSix years after deadly crash, China's bullet trains get their top speed backXiaomi's Redmi Note 4 and Redmi 4 best-selling budget smartphones in IndiaChina softens stance ahead of Ajit Doval’s meeting with Xi JinpingNitish Kumar: The master of many U-turnsBJP fields third candidate to corner Ahmed Patel in Rajya Sabha boutNHPC board clears proposal to raise Rs 2,000 crore via corporate bondsHave Rs. 500 in your Account; Invest in Mutual Funds now with ET MoneyNow, WhatsApp has 1 billion daily active users globally!Nitish quits, here's what's next for BiharHyderabad drug racket: Actress Mumaith Khan appears before SITBy rejoining hands with BJP, Nitish Kumar is about to take the biggest risk of his political career6 'Apple iPhone 7 rivals' launched in 2017Government saves Rs 57,000 crore by plugging loopholes by use of technologyBSNL asks net users to change password after malware attackWhy you must buy Samsung QLED TV?SC dismisses woman's plea claiming to be Sanjay Gandhi's kin, 'Indu Sarkar' to release on FridayPod taxis for Bengaluru could be reality soonXiaomi launches Mi 5X: Price, specs and moreLalu & sons: Why contemporary politics is bad family businessJeff Bezos briefly tops Gates as world's richestDiageo says it won’t pay Vijay Mallya rest of settlementIIT professors apprise parliamentary panel of cyber threatsIf security is your concern, trust in the cloud!From Narayana Murthy to Britney Spears: Here's what their biggest regrets areDelhi to New York in 6 hrs? This jet can make it happenSamsung Galaxy J7 Nxt with 5.5-Inch Super AMOLED Display launched: Price, specifications and moreNitish Kumar stumps his friends and foes alikeSIS IPO to hit Street on July 31: Key things to knowVande Mataram controversy now erupts in MaharashtraAsk Nitish Kumar if he will still support Gopalkrishna Gandhi: CongressIndian fashion with Watson. It’s more than elementary.The first Nokia flagship Android phone, Nokia 8 is launching on August 16th