



Investment Advisor Alliance | RIA Turnkey Solution































































Cash, cards & lending | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content

























Cash, Cards & Lending
An important part of a financial plan is managing cash flow. Our cash, cards and lending products are designed to help you successfully manage your cash to have enough funds to meet day-to-day needs. They can also help you make the most of your cash reserve so you are prepared for the unexpected and on track to achieving your financial goals.
Cash management account
The Ameriprise ONE® Financial Account is a brokerage account with cash management features. It connects all the parts of your plan and helps you stay focused on your objectives.
Certificates & rates
A solid investment for your cash reserve needs. Certificates offer guaranteed rates and principal, no account fees with flexible investment options.
Brokerage sweep & rates
Ameriprise Financial offers several cash solutions that offer you easy access and the opportunity to earn interest or dividends on non-invested cash. See current rates for Ameriprise® Insured Money Market Account (AIMMA), money market funds and Ameriprise® Cash.
Cards
With exclusive perks, premium services and convenient purchasing options for Ameriprise Financial clients, it makes sense to use a card that’s aligned with your goals.
Margin lending
Find out how you can access credit through a margin loan using your eligible securities as collateral.

















Related Information

Before you decide, see how we compare. View Ameriprise Financial cash and certificate account rates.
Systematic saving: the key to building a cash reserve
Customer Service contact information for home loans
Access mortgage loan account information























Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a mutual fund carefully before investing. For a free prospectus, which contains this and other important information about the funds, visit dreyfus.com, or call Ameriprise Financial at 1.800.297.7378. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing.
The Ameriprise ONE® Financial Account is a brokerage account with cash management features. Brokerage, investment and financial advisory services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC. Some products and services may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients.
An investment in money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the Fund seeks to maintain the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the Fund.
Ameriprise® Certificates are backed by reserves of cash and qualified assets on deposit of Ameriprise Certificate Company and are not federally or FDIC insured. The assets backing the certificates have varying ratings and generally increase in market value as interest rates fall and decrease in market value as interest rates rise. These assets have risks, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and prepayment and extension risk.
 
You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of certificates carefully before investing. Download a free prospectus, which contains this and other important information about our certificates. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest.
 
Ameriprise Certificates are issued by Ameriprise Certificate Company and distributed by Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.
Ameriprise Insured Money Market Account (AIMMA) is an FDIC-insured deposit product offered through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. and held in an omnibus account(s) at one or more FDIC-member banks (collectively, the "Program Banks"). The Program Banks may serve individually as custodians for all or a portion of the assets held within your AIMMA, as described in the "Ameriprise® Insured Money Market Account" section of the "Other Important Brokerage Disclosures" document.
Margin loans, custody and trading functions are provided through American Enterprise Investment Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. and American Enterprise Investment Services, Inc. are affiliates and both are subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Neither Ameriprise Financial nor its representatives or affiliates may provide tax or legal advice. Consult with your tax advisor or attorney regarding specific issues.
Investment products are not federally or FDIC-insured, are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.










































Financial planning for a complete financial plan | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content
























Financial Planning




Financial planning with Ameriprise
What is financial planning & how can it benefit you? Learn how Ameriprise can help you create a customized financial plan so you can lead the life you want.


Our Confident Retirement® approach
We make retirement planning more manageable by breaking it down into doable steps. Our exclusive approach helps you cover essential expenses and ensure you have planned for your lifestyle so you'll be able to do the things you've dreamed about in retirement. Our advisors help you prepare for the unexpected and encourage you to think about your legacy.

















Did you know? At Ameriprise, our relationship with clients doesn't stop when we build a plan. We work with our clients to help them stay on track over time.



Find answers to your retirement questions
Take the 3-Minute Confident Retirement® check





















Ask your advisor how to stay on your path to financial confidence.
Start on your path to financial confidence today with help from an Ameriprise financial advisor near you.
Start on your path to financial confidence today with help from an Ameriprise financial advisor.






Ameriprise Financial Planning Services are optional, offered separately and priced according to the complexity of your case and your financial advisor’s practice fee schedule. Your fees and financial advisor may change over time.
Financial planning is generally appropriate if you have sufficient assets and income to address your financial goals and are willing to pay an investment advisory fee.
Clients should review the Ameriprise® Financial Planning Service Client Disclosure Brochure or, for a consolidated advisory fee relationship, the Ameriprise Managed Accounts and Financial Planning Service Disclosure Brochure, for a full description of services offered, including fees and expenses.
The Confident Retirement approach is not a guarantee of future financial results.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Financial products and financial planning services | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content













Stay on your path to financial confidence with our wide range of offerings.







Products & Services





Financial planning
True financial planning is a comprehensive, ongoing approach that starts with helping you define your dreams, developing a plan to help you get there, then tracking your progress along the way, recommending changes where needed.


Investments
Ameriprise financial advisors give you access to numerous investment options and brokerage account types, so you can build a portfolio designed to help you achieve your financial goals.


Cash, cards & lending
Find the solutions you need to streamline your financial life today and make the most of your cash reserves with investment and cash management accounts, certificates, credit cards, lending and more.


Insurance & annuities
Life can surprise you. So help protect your family and your assets and meet your retirement needs with your choice of products: life, disability income, auto and home and long-term care insurance, as well as annuities for retirement income.


Personal trust services
Ameriprise National Trust Bank provides professional fiduciary services to help ensure the legacy you desire is carried out according to your wishes.















Find answers to your retirement questions
Take the 3-Minute Confident Retirement® check





Calculators & Tools

Net worth calculator
Accelerated debt payoff calculator
IRA rollover evaluator

More tools
























Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee future financial results.
Investment products are not insured by the FDIC, are not deposits or obligations of or guaranteed by a financial institution, involve investment risks, including possible loss of principal, and may fluctuate in value.
Ameriprise National Trust Bank provides personal trust services to clients of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Neither Ameriprise National Trust Bank nor Ameriprise financial advisors are authorized to give legal or tax advice. For specific legal or tax matters, clients should consult with their own legal and/or tax advisors.
Auto and home insurance is underwritten by the following wholly owned subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company, or in certain states, Ameriprise Insurance Company, De Pere, WI, or other insurance companies for whom Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance Agency is an agent. IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company's California license number is 3726-7. Insurance availability varies state.
Certain annuity and insurance products are issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company, and in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.
These companies are all subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.










































Investment products, mutual funds, and investment services | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content

























Investments
Investing in the financial markets can help you reach your future dreams of retirement, education or world travel. Whether you already know a lot about the market or you want someone to help you make sense of investing, an Ameriprise financial advisor can help.




IRAs & retirement plans
 Roth and Traditional IRAs offer tax advantages for retirement savings. Find out if it makes sense to consolidate by rolling over the assets in a 401(k) or 403(b) account to an IRA.* Retirement Plan Solutions for businesses can offer tax-deductible contributions and tax-deferred growth opportunities. Through strategic alliances with industry-leading retirement plan providers, Ameriprise advisors are able to provide an array of 401(k) products to meet a wide range of needs.
*Before requesting a rollover or transfer, talk to your financial and tax advisor to be sure that you are considering all the relevant issues.


Mutual funds
Diversify your investments with professionally managed mutual funds. Choose from over 3,500 available mutual funds for efficient and cost-effective money management.


Stocks & exchange traded products (ETPs)
Stocks and ETPs can play a role in a long-term, diversified investment strategy. An Ameriprise financial advisor can help you build a portfolio that works for your immediate needs and your future dreams.


Bonds and individual fixed income securities
Bonds are a debt security that can provide a predictable income stream. By working with an Ameriprise financial advisor, you have access to a wide variety of bonds to help diversify your investment portfolio.


Education savings
Get the rundown on options for saving for your children's, grandchildren's or your education using accounts such as 529 plans and Coverdell Education Savings Accounts (CESAs).


Real estate and alternative investments
Ameriprise Financial offers a wide variety of alternative investments that may help you diversify your portfolio.


Managed accounts
A managed account provides access to investment professionals that select and monitor investments based on your investing goals and needs. Choose active involvement in regular account activities or delegate it entirely to investment professionals.


Structured products
Structured products are bundled investments often designed to provide principal protection with market exposure, though some only offer a partial buffer against market performance or no protection at all.


Certificates & rates
A solid investment for your cash reserve needs. Certificates offer guaranteed rates and principal, no account fees with flexible investment options.


Unit investment trusts (UITs)
UITs are professionally-selected securities in a passively managed portfolio that offer access to a variety of investing styles, sectors and asset classes.


Options
Options are complex and sophisticated investments that give the holder the right or the obligation to buy or sell securities at a predetermined price within a set period of time.


Syndicate Offerings
A syndicate offering is a means of bringing a new security to the market. Ameriprise Financial participates in two types of offerings: closed-end funds and preferred securities.




































Your advisor can help you choose which investments may fit your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.
Ameriprise financial advisors near you help clients every day choose investments designed to fit their goals.
Contact an Ameriprise financial advisor for recommendations based on your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.






This information is being provided only as a general source of information and is not intended to be used as the sole basis for investment decisions, and is not a solicitation to buy the securities mentioned. Investment decisions should always be made based on an investor's specific financial needs, objectives, goals, time horizon and risk tolerance.
Further information about the risks of these products are disclosed in the client application or risk disclosure document, as well as the prospectus or other product documents. Investors should read these documents carefully before investing.
Investment products are not federally or FDIC-insured, are not deposits or obligations of or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and its affiliates do not offer tax or legal advice. Consumers should consult with their tax advisor or attorney regarding their specific situation.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.










































Investment products, mutual funds, and investment services | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content

























Investments
Investing in the financial markets can help you reach your future dreams of retirement, education or world travel. Whether you already know a lot about the market or you want someone to help you make sense of investing, an Ameriprise financial advisor can help.




IRAs & retirement plans
 Roth and Traditional IRAs offer tax advantages for retirement savings. Find out if it makes sense to consolidate by rolling over the assets in a 401(k) or 403(b) account to an IRA.* Retirement Plan Solutions for businesses can offer tax-deductible contributions and tax-deferred growth opportunities. Through strategic alliances with industry-leading retirement plan providers, Ameriprise advisors are able to provide an array of 401(k) products to meet a wide range of needs.
*Before requesting a rollover or transfer, talk to your financial and tax advisor to be sure that you are considering all the relevant issues.


Mutual funds
Diversify your investments with professionally managed mutual funds. Choose from over 3,500 available mutual funds for efficient and cost-effective money management.


Stocks & exchange traded products (ETPs)
Stocks and ETPs can play a role in a long-term, diversified investment strategy. An Ameriprise financial advisor can help you build a portfolio that works for your immediate needs and your future dreams.


Bonds and individual fixed income securities
Bonds are a debt security that can provide a predictable income stream. By working with an Ameriprise financial advisor, you have access to a wide variety of bonds to help diversify your investment portfolio.


Education savings
Get the rundown on options for saving for your children's, grandchildren's or your education using accounts such as 529 plans and Coverdell Education Savings Accounts (CESAs).


Real estate and alternative investments
Ameriprise Financial offers a wide variety of alternative investments that may help you diversify your portfolio.


Managed accounts
A managed account provides access to investment professionals that select and monitor investments based on your investing goals and needs. Choose active involvement in regular account activities or delegate it entirely to investment professionals.


Structured products
Structured products are bundled investments often designed to provide principal protection with market exposure, though some only offer a partial buffer against market performance or no protection at all.


Certificates & rates
A solid investment for your cash reserve needs. Certificates offer guaranteed rates and principal, no account fees with flexible investment options.


Unit investment trusts (UITs)
UITs are professionally-selected securities in a passively managed portfolio that offer access to a variety of investing styles, sectors and asset classes.


Options
Options are complex and sophisticated investments that give the holder the right or the obligation to buy or sell securities at a predetermined price within a set period of time.


Syndicate Offerings
A syndicate offering is a means of bringing a new security to the market. Ameriprise Financial participates in two types of offerings: closed-end funds and preferred securities.




































Your advisor can help you choose which investments may fit your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.
Ameriprise financial advisors near you help clients every day choose investments designed to fit their goals.
Contact an Ameriprise financial advisor for recommendations based on your goals, risk tolerance and timeline.






This information is being provided only as a general source of information and is not intended to be used as the sole basis for investment decisions, and is not a solicitation to buy the securities mentioned. Investment decisions should always be made based on an investor's specific financial needs, objectives, goals, time horizon and risk tolerance.
Further information about the risks of these products are disclosed in the client application or risk disclosure document, as well as the prospectus or other product documents. Investors should read these documents carefully before investing.
Investment products are not federally or FDIC-insured, are not deposits or obligations of or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and its affiliates do not offer tax or legal advice. Consumers should consult with their tax advisor or attorney regarding their specific situation.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Ameriprise insurance, life insurance, and other insurance products | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content
























Insurance & Annuities
Reaching your financial goals involves protecting your assets as well as managing them. At Ameriprise Financial, we recommend a balanced and customized approach to asset and risk management.
Ameriprise offers a full range of high-quality insurance and annuity products through third-party insurance carriers and our affiliates, RiverSource Life Insurance Company (RiverSource Life), RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York (RiverSource Life of New York) and Ameriprise Auto and Home Insurance. Together, both RiverSource Life and RiverSource Life of New York are ranked as the 19th largest life insurance company of about 850 life insurance companies, based on total assets.1 In addition, RiverSource Life and RiverSource Life of New York consistently earned positive ratings from independent rating agencies2 — a fact that can give you the added confidence of working with a strong, reliable company.




Annuities
An annuity can be a valuable tool for investing and saving for retirement. Plus, the contract's tax deferral gives you the freedom to control when you pay taxes on your earnings.


Auto and home insurance
With a team of agents dedicated specifically to advisors and their clients, we're always working to provide you with the kind of personal service you deserve.


Individual major medical health insurance
Major medical insurance provides you and your family with financial protection against unexpected medical expenses as well as coverage for everyday care. Plus, you might qualify for a premium tax credit through the Federal Marketplace.


Life insurance
A life insurance policy can help you plan for your family’s financial needs and may also offer features that can help you meet other goals, including education, retirement, tax savings and estate planning.


Long-term care insurance
Long term care insurance provides benefits to offset out of pocket expenses in the event of an extended care need. A secure financial future typically includes protecting your retirement income, assets and your independence in the event of an extended care need.


Disability income insurance
Protect yourself, your family and your lifestyle by insuring your income in the event of long-term illness or injury. Disability income insurance provides the resources you need when you are unable to work.





Your resource for insurance and annuity solutions
An Ameriprise financial advisor can help you identify areas where you may benefit from coverage, and recommend products that fit your needs. Whatever life sends your way, you'll feel better knowing you are protecting yourself and your loved ones financially.













Related Information

Health insurance in retirement
Insuring what matters most
Could financial planning help you?























1Source: 2016 Life Insurers Fact Book, ACLI. This includes RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York.
2RiverSource Life Insurance receives a separate rating from the independent rating agencies and consistently earns top ratings from agencies that include A.M Best, Moody's and Standard & Poor's.
Before you purchase any insurance policy or annuity contract, be sure to consider its features, benefits, risks and fees, and whether it is appropriate for you, based upon your financial situation and objectives. Annuities are long-term insurance products. 
Policies and features may not be available in all states, or may vary by state.
Auto and home insurance is underwritten by IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company, or in certain states, Ameriprise Insurance Company, both in De Pere, WI. Each company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. offers financial advisory services, investments, insurance and annuity products. RiverSource® products are offered by affiliates of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA and SIPC. CA License #0684538.




















Financial Advisory Service Inc                                                                                           - Shawnee Mission                                   , KS         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



KS



Shawnee Mission



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Financial Advisory Service Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Financial Advisory Service Inc                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4747 W 135TH ST STE 100 SHAWNEE MISSION, KS 66224
Get Directions



(913) 239-2300
www.faskc.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1983
 Incorporated KS
 Annual Revenue $965,522.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Max Greer Jr                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Financial Advisory Service Inc                                                                                           is located at 4747 W 135th St Ste 100 in Shawnee Mission and has been in the business of Financial Consultant since 1983. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide




































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started













































Home - Advisor Products












































































.










ProductsWebsitesClient PortalsVideosBrandingPresentationsPre-Sales FAQNewslettersAboutLeadershipPartnersEnterpriseIntegrationsAlliancesThought LeadersBlogSupportClient LoginBack Office User ManualSign UpLoginHomeContactSearch






















Malware Alerts For Advisors
Read More






Ethical SEO For Advisors
Read More






Illustrating A Client's Risk Of Outliving Their Money
Read More






The Best Advisor Websites To Automate Client Engagement
Read More






Advisor Websites For Growing RIAs
Read More






Yes, Canned Content For Advisors Can Be Uncanned
Read More




 























Digital

				Customized Totally







Compliant

				FINRA-Reviewed Content







Thought Leadership

				Breaking News & Analysis







Integrated

				Portfolio, CRM, Planning




	 









	 



  Marketing dashboard

  Videos you can narrate weekly

  For fiduciaries, ensembles

  Edit all our content

  Assign tasks to clients



  Advisor websites

  Three new presentations monthly

  Widgets for advisor marketing

  WYSIWYG website editor

  Client portals



  Three email newsletters weekly

  Automate all content updates

  Totally customizeable

  Quarterly market summary report

  FINRA-reviewed content



  Social media content automation

  Breaking news content

  Secure client vault

  Perfomance reporting

  Search-engine friendly



	 

Collaborate with independent economist Fritz Meyer, MPT expert Dr Craig Israelsen, and tax and financial planning guru Robert Keebler, CPA/PFS. We give you a dashboard with Fritz, Craig, and Bob’s slides and transcripts of their three one-hour sessions monthly. So you can give these presentations to clients in webinars, seminars, meetings, blog entries, and social networking posts. Plus, you get an advisor website integrated with email newsletters, videos, scripts, articles, and social networking content. Aligned with best practices for fiduciaries, we integrate CRM, planning, performance reporting and other professional apps with a proprietary secure document vault.

	 














Financial Advisor Marketing Engine

A complete system designed to retain and grow a professional practice
 


Website Development
 
Search-Engine Friendly
 
Social Network Integration
 
FINRA-Reviewed Content
 
Advisor Software Integration
 


Email Campaigns
 
A Dashboard For RIA Marketing
 
Videos, Articles, Presentations 
 
RIA Compliance Tools
 
Client Portals
 

 

Learn More 








		 


 Store, distribute and receive client documents in our secure system

			 

 Integrated with portfolio, CRM, and planning apps

			 

 Client portal with workflows

			 

 Collaborate with families and other advisors


Learn More 



	 








Professional Products for FINANCIAL ADVISORS




					 


						Print

 Newsletters

						 

 Brochures

						 

 Stationery

						 

 Folders

						 

Learn More 






					 


						Creative

 Copywriting

						 

 SEO Copywriting

						 

 Design

						 

 Logos

						 

Learn More 






	 




We WORK With


 
 



















Request A FREE Consultation












Company Info


333 Jericho Tpke
Suite 333
Jericho, NY 11753
Phone: (888) 274-5755
Direct: (516) 333-0066
info@advisorproducts.com





Find Out More




What We Do

FAQs

Partnerships

Contact

Blog

Editorial Board







Follow Us


YouTube
Linkedln
Twitter
Facebook





Enewsletter Sign Up



















Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms and Conditions

© 2017 Advisor Products Inc. All Rights Reserved.












Powered by Free Joomla Templates - 2013. All Rights Reserved. 








FAS | Kansas City Fee Based Financial Advisors | Certified Financial Planners | Wealth Management - Financial Advisory Service, Inc.






































































 

































Financial Advisory Service, Inc.Financial Times Top 300 Advisors for 2016 and 2017View ArticleFinancial Advisory Service, Inc.Expertise & Objectivity® since 1979Fiduciary Duty A legal duty to act solely in another party's best interests.Cornell University School of Law. 2016. https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/fiduciary_duty (February 25, 2016) / 3  / 3 


Expertise & Objectivity® for over 35 yearsFixed Fee and Fee-Based EngagementPartnership. Not Products.


Our Goal is to Assist You in Achieving Yours

 



Experience Expertise and Objectivity


 
THE PARTNERSHIPWe believe the client relationship is the firm's most important asset. You can expect direct access to a passionate team of CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professionals who are committed to developing and implementing solutions to help you achieve your goals. Meet Our People THE PLANPrior to any recommendation our team will conduct a series of meetings with you to gain a better understanding of your goals and financial objectives. From those meetings the team will develop a custom plan and set a path to follow to achieve those goals and financial objectives. More About Planning THE PORTFOLIOFAS does not represent a specific investment company or sell a specific set of products. Serving families for over 35 years and operating with a fiduciary duty, you can place trust in FAS to make recommendations and investment decisions which are suitable and aligned with your plan and goals. More About Investing 


PEOPLE ARE NOT  “ONE SIZE FITS ALL”
 
Financial Life Stages

 


FAS commentary and FAS news

 
Monthly Market Update May 2017Gross domestic product (GDP) increased at an annual rate of 1.2% in the first quarter of 2017, accor...June 10, 2017Monthly Market Update April 2017Gross domestic product (GDP) grew at a rate of 0.7% in the first quarter of 2017 according to the ad...May 15, 2017Monthly Market Update March 2017Gross domestic product (GDP) grew at an annual rate of 2.1% in the fourth quarter of 2016, according...April 12, 2017Monthly Market Update February 2017The U.S. economy expanded by an annual rate of 1.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016, according to the ...March 09, 2017
Sign up for FAS monthly market update
Sign up for the FAS Newsletter




































FAS | Your Financial Planning and Investment Management Goals ! Financial Advisory Service, Inc.





































































 


































 





Your Goals









 




You may have a detailed vision of what you want to take place in the future or you may need assistance understanding what your future could or should look like.  What sets FAS apart from other “Wealth Managers” is the fact that we are a team of objective professionals committed to help organize your current financial situation, develop a plan to assist you in reaching your goals, and most importantly, work with you to implement your plan.

 




 There is no ``one size fits all`` approach. Yes, there are things we all have in common, but the reality is you are unique. FAS will invest the time needed to understand your financial goals and desired future. This provides FAS the insight to develop a tailored plan to assist you in going from where you are now to where you want to be.Your portfolio deserves a plan. Plan (noun): ``a detailed proposal for doing or achieving something.`` An FAS comprehensive plan covers multiple aspects of your finances, detail actions, and recomendations designed to help you reach your financial goals. These custom plans present to you recomendations we make including investment strategies.  





While each situation is unique, so are the general thoughts and goals of each stage in one’s life.  After 35+ years of assisting families to secure their financial future we believe EVERYONE should have a plan.  Financial planning and investment management are services worth investing in at each stage in your life.

 



Investment Management and Financial Planning During Each Stage of Your Life

 


While you are youngWealth building yearsPreparing to retireDuring retirement


While You are YoungIn your 20s and 30s you may be reveling in many ``firsts`` – a first job, house or even a child. FAS helps guide you through the process to obtain and manage some of those ‘firsts’. A key to long-term wealth accumulation is making good financial decisions when you are young.Our Approach


Wealth Building YearsWith investments growing, debts shrinking and disposable income rising, FAS will be your resource for analysis of each financial scenario and will provide honest feedback on financal challenges you will face.Our Approach


Preparing to RetireAs you approach retirement FAS will help you transition from your career, raising children and saving for “someday” to realizing your long-term goals.Our Approach


During RetirementFAS will work with you so you may maintain your chosen lifestyle in retirement. We will support you in defining and leaving your legacy for your children, grandchildren and future generations.Our Approach
 

 









































FAS | Wealth Management Services | Kansas City Fee Based Financial Advisors  | Financial Advisory Service, Inc.





































































 


































 





Our Wealth Management Services









 




Strategies to Meet Your Goals

 
FINANCIAL PLANNINGAfter the initial no-cost consultation we will design a strategy to assist you in taking the steps needed to achieve your financial goals.More About Financial PlanningGOAL-BASED INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTAs an independent, fee-based and employee-owned financial boutique, FAS has the flexibility to develop an investment strategy which is not only free of conflicts but one which is suitable to your individual level of risk and financial goals.More About Investment Management

































