

10-K: FINANCIAL GRAVITY COMPANIES, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









4:04 P.M. ET


                                  ‘Atomic Blonde’ shows — again — kick-ass roles for women are good for Hollywood
                                





 
4:04 P.M. ET


Breaking
      Dow ends at record; S&P 500, Nasdaq see weekly fall
                                





 
4:03 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
                                





 
4:02 P.M. ET


Updated
      Trump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  Nasdaq Composite Index closes lower by 0.1%, weighed by Amazon earnings miss
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  Dow Jones Industrial Average closes higher by more than 0.1% 
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  S&P 500 closes lower by around 0.1% 
                                





 
4:00 P.M. ET


                                  Stocks close mixed; Dow closes at record lifted by Chevron earnings
                                





 
4:00 P.M. ET


                                  Redfin Corp. closes up 45% in market debut 
                                





 
4:00 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
3:58 P.M. ET


                                  How to ask for a raise and find out if your Amazon sale item is truly discounted
                                





 
3:57 P.M. ET


                                  Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
3:53 P.M. ET


Updated
      RIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
                                





 
3:47 P.M. ET


Updated
      Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
                                





 
3:45 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
                                





 
3:42 P.M. ET


                                  How do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
                                





 
3:37 P.M. ET


Updated
      Can Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
                                





 
3:36 P.M. ET


Updated
      Meet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
                                





 
3:15 P.M. ET


Updated
      Is your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
                                





 
3:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
                                





 








































Log In















    New York Markets After Hours
  


Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: FINANCIAL GRAVITY COMPANIES, INC.
    








    By

Published: Jan 25, 2017 5:33 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  Forward-Looking Statements  The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD&A") is intended to help you understand our historical results of operations during the periods presented and our financial condition. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. See the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors" above.  Plan of Operations  Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., based in Allen, Texas, was formed specifically to be the parent company of several subsidiaries that provide integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Financial Gravity's clients include small businesses, small business owners and high net worth individuals. The Company's services are focused on helping clients make more money and build wealth, most often with tax savings, lowering costs and improving efficiency. In addition to expanding through client procurement and organic growth, Financial Gravity intends to make a number of acquisitions. The primary acquisition targets currently include accounting, bookkeeping, financial advisory firms. In fiscal year 2015 the Company acquired two firms: Cloud9 Holdings Company (and its subsidiary Cloud9b2b) which became Financial Gravity Business and MDP (a Tulsa, OK payroll processor). In fiscal year 2016 the Company acquired Tax Coach Software. The Company is actively identifying additional potential acquisition candidates to fuel more rapid growth.  Financial Gravity's Subsidiaries:  Financial Gravity Operations, Inc.  This entity was created to raise capital to take the company public, it will be eliminated now that the public transaction is complete. This entity integrates the delivery of Financial Gravity Tax, Business, and Wealth Solutions to our growing customer base around the country. This integration, impossible to do for the small business marketplace until now, is what sets Financial Gravity apart from our peers. This integration will now be handled by Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.  Financial Gravity Tax  Financial Gravity has developed a precise procedure that has proven to be very successful in delivering lower taxes, higher profit, and greater wealth for small business owners.  The process begins with an extensive and comprehensive review of the client's needs. This assessment sets the requirements for the program that is subsequently developed. Next, Financial Gravity designs a unique "Tax Blueprint(R)" which identifies several strategies for lowering the client's taxes.  The second step is to use the client's custom Tax Blueprint(R) to build that business entity and documentation that captures the identified savings. This is called their Tax Operating System(R) (TOS). This process is repeated as required and tuned for optimal efficiency thus ensuring that the client receives the best service and optimal solutions in the phases of the business cycle during the year. Clients continue to pay a monthly or weekly subscription fee as part of their TOS service for ongoing tax planning, tax return preparation, payroll and bookkeeping services.  This business unit promises clients they'll pay the lowest legal, moral and ethical taxes possible. Tax savings is the "tip of the spear" in all our offerings. No company has ever successfully married tax, wealth and business solutions together for Small Business Owners (SBOs) and high net worth individuals. Powered by our no-risk "2x Promise" (we guarantee to find double our initial fee in tax savings), clients are quick to sign up for proactive tax planning. Lowering their personal tax expenses then fuels insurance, wealth and business services sales. These multi-tiered sales provide a 4-8 times multiple to a typical accounting or bookkeeping practice.  SBO's look for two things from a typical CPA and bookkeeping firm, 1. Lower personal income taxes. 2. Numbers that help them run/grow their business better. There is no national firm that provides these two services at any level. Our tax planning sets us apart from typical accounting and tax preparation firms. We look forward to setting up a client's business to be tax efficient. The typical service model employed by CPA firms is oriented more toward compliance, which is the recording of historical data. These providers work on historical records instead of looking forward to proactively plan. SBOs are growing more and more frustrated with accountants who "put numbers in boxes" when what's truly needed is a partner to help advise them in how to be more efficient in their business. Many SBOs can't read an P/L or Balance Sheet and even when the can the data is too old to act on. As technology speeds up the pace of business real time data is becoming more important. Most CPAs don't even calculate tax savings for their clients, asking them to produce unique data to each client is outside the factory mentality of the industry. Our average tax savings is over $20,000 per year per business owner. Financial Gravity Tax is pursuing several M&A and/or partnership opportunities to deliver on the product Bookkeeping with Purpose(R), that will help deliver the promised tax savings and producer actionable real time data.  Financial Gravity Wealth  After saving thousands in taxes, clients are happy to trust us with managing their wealth, especially when treated to a different wealth management experience. Financial Gravity Wealth is a Registered Investment Advisory (RIA) firm. An RIA is an advisor or firm engaged in financial planning and wealth management business and is registered either with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or state securities authorities. An RIA has a fiduciary duty to his or her clients, which means that he or she has a fundamental obligation to provide suitable investment advice and always act in the clients' best interests.  The recent regulatory changes where the Department of Labor was given power over retirement accounts enhances the RIA's fiduciary model over the traditional Broker/Dealer suitability standard. While the status of this Department of Labor rule is uncertain following the election we are positioned to do what we have always done, control advisor fees and reduce one of the biggest "fees" in a mutual fund and ETF portfolio, which is "tax friction". These taxes erode about 1% per year in performance.  Only 5% of all financial planners are RIAs. 95% prefer the higher fees and commissions paid to brokers and broker/dealers. The advantage of the RIA model is lower cost to the client. Also, since RIAs are not compensated by commissions on financial products, their advice is considered less biased and more accurate. Coupled with tax savings, this makes our firm very attractive to the most profitable clients.  Financial Gravity Business  The complexity of Advanced Tax Planning next fuels Financial Gravity Business services. The first product that was developed with a partner is Advisor Architect, this product is designed to help financial advisors and accountants run their businesses better. We intend to test the service offering / coaching program with the first two markets we are the most experienced with and then roll it out to other industries at a later date. Clients spend some of their tax savings from Financial Gravity Tax planning for these services, rendering them "cost neutral".  We have also developed our Partner Programs that teach financial advisors how to serve an underserved community, the Small Business Owner. Financial Gravity Business is the only non-product centric business system for financial advisors that helps them serve the needs of the small business owner without needing to sell a financial services product like a life insurance policy or a 401k.  To solve the industry problem discussed in the Financial Gravity Tax section we have created the Certified Tax Master(R) designation and partner program for CPA's and EA's. We expect to roll this out in early 2017. There is no business like this of its kind. This was created in Financial Gravity Business, but will be sold and build revenue in the Tax Coach Software platform.  Financial Gravity Ventures  Employs our M&A strategy to acquire talent and build wealth for Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. and acquired companies. As mentioned earlier, Financial Gravity is pursuing several opportunities.  Tax Coach Software  Tax Coach Software (TCS) was a key acquisition in fiscal year 2016. TCS supports over 550 CPA and Enrolled Agent professionals, training them to add crucial tax planning services to support its clients. Not only did this acquisition bring high-end tax planning to Financial Gravity, but the TCS customer base adds significant business development opportunities for Financial Gravity Wealth. We developed the Certified Tax Master(R) for this group and rolled out new client systems in mid-2016.  Sash Corporation  Sash Corporation dba Metro Data Processing was the Company's first acquisition and Metro Data Processing is based in Tulsa, OK. The company has been a fixture in payroll processing in the Tulsa area for years and should prove to be a compelling storefront to begin selling additional tax services.  We go to market primarily via Financial Advisors and accountants. Our Partner Program is proven to provide financial professionals with recognized trademarked service offerings, business support, and marketing materials. These trademarks/servicemarks include Financial Gravity(R), Tax Blueprint(R), Tax Operating System(R), Bookkeeping with Purpose(R), Diversity Trinity(R), Investor Peace University(R), Factor Based Investing(TM), Fractional Family Office(R), TaxCoach(TM), Certified Business Strategist(TM) offerings, allowing them to add additional value to their clients and their business.  Significant effort and investment capital has been incurred by the Company over the past few years in order to attract and maintain a qualified and capable staff, develop proprietary solutions, and implement systems, procedures, and infrastructure to execute the business plan on a large scale. Given the short time frame this current market opportunity has existed and due to the complexity of the model we have a significant competitive advantage over others who may try to execute the same business plan.  Results of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015  Revenues  For the year ended September 30, 2016, revenue increased $1,447,198 or 110.5% to $2,756,999 from $1,309,801 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in revenue reflects increase in service income, primarily new customer product and service sales, which more than doubled over the same period. Revenues from Tax Services increased over 90%, while the acquisition of Tax Coach Software, LLC added revenues of $394,814.  Operating Expenses  Professional services expenses include merger costs, legal expense, professional fees, contract labor, business consulting, computer and internet expense, and earnest money forfeited. Professional services expenses increased $785,073 or 173.6% to $1,237,221 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $452,148 for the year ended September 30, 2015. This 173.6% increase is primarily attributable to the acquisition of TaxCoach Software, LLC which added $493,484 in expenses.  Depreciation and amortization expenses include depreciation on fixed assets and amortization of definite lived intangibles. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased $153,258 to $153,547 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $289 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to the acquisition of Tax Coach that gave rise to an additional $1,094,702 in goodwill, $583,478 in intangible assets and $141,080 in fixed assets. These intangible and fixed assets had a corresponding depreciation and amortization expense in the year ended September 30, 2016 of $151,122.  Impairment of goodwill of $662,967 was made of the impairment of goodwill from the acquisitions of Cloud9B2B and MDP.  General and administrative expenses decreased $2,698 or 0.7% to $408,537 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $411,235 for the year ended September 30, 2015. General and Administrative activity remained relatively stable from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016.  Management fees - related party expenses increased $57,676 or 37.1% to $213,333 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $155,657 for the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with BW3, LLC, which is owned by John Pollock. BW3, LLC services include, but not limited to, providing weekly Podcasts, radio interviews, public speaking, conference contribution, biweekly blogs, content for the newsletters, and other services. The variance is primarily because the fees were paid for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 vs only nine months for the year ended September 30, 2015.  Marketing expenses increased $169,498 or 72.8% to $402,402 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $232,904 for the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company began doing Press Releases and advertising on Facebook. In addition, the Company engaged several consultants to assist leadership and build new business funnels in an effort to continue to grow revenue streams.  Salaries and wages expenses increased $783,146 or 82.7% to $1,730,278 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $947,132 for the year ended September 30, 2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the number of clients increased which resulted in higher commissions paid. Furthermore, commission rates increased in 2016 as sales representatives moved from salary plus commission to 100% commission.  The Company experienced a decrease in its bottom line of $1,191,255 or 126.2% to a net loss of $2,135,139 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from a net loss of $943,884 for the year ended September 30, 2015, primarily attributable to the reasons noted above.  Significant Accounting Policies  Certain critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of Financial Gravity's consolidated financial statements. These policies are contained in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  Use of Estimates and Assumptions.  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable.  Investment management fees are recognized as services are provided by the Company. Investment management fees include fees earned from assets under management by providing professional services to manage clients' investments.  Services income is recognized as consulting and other professional services are performed by the Company.  Commission revenue is derived from the sale of premiums on life insurance policies held by third parties. The revenue is recognized at the time the policy is issued.  Revenue represents gross billings less discounts, net of sales tax, as applicable. Amounts invoiced for work not yet completed are shown as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  Trade accounts receivable are carried at the invoiced amount less estimate made for doubtful accounts based on management's review of outstanding balances. The collectability of the Company's accounts receivable is reviewed on an ongoing basis, using historical payment trends and review of specific accounts. Accounts receivable are written off after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted and when management determines the amounts to be uncollectible. Recoveries of receivables previously written off are recorded when received.  In the normal course of business, the Company extends credit on an unsecured basis to its customers, substantially all of whom are located in the United States of America. The Company does not believe that it is exposed to any significant risk of loss on accounts receivable.  Stock-Based Compensation.  The Company recognizes the fair value of stock-based compensation awards as wages in the accompanying statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is based on a risk-free rates of 0.70% thru 0.94% in 2016 and 2015, dividend yield of 0%, expected life of 2 years and volatility of 1.00.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $132,803. The decrease of $668,739 in cash and cash equivalents from September 30, 2015 was due to net cash used in operating activities of $1,291,503, offset by net cash provided by investing activities of $44,541 and net cash provided by financing activities of $578,223.  Net cash used in operating activities was $1,291,503 for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to $910,518 net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2015. The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 was due to net loss of $2,135,139, adjusted primarily by the following: (1) increases in depreciation and amortization of $153,258, goodwill impairment of $662,967, a forfeiture of deposit for $50,000, trade account receivable of $22,420, prepaid expenses of $16,136 and deferred revenue of $32,739, (2) offset by decreases in accounts receivable - related party of $2,300, accounts payable - trade of $55,474 and accrued expenses of $12,230.  Net cash provided by investing activities was $44,541 for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash used in investing activities of $96,605 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The Company paid a deposit of $50,000 in the year ended September 30, 2015 that was returned in the year ended September 30, 2016 and there was less trademark activity as $17,755 less was spent on trademarks in 2016 compared to 2015 and purchase of fixed assets for $7,942 compared to $66 in fiscal 2016. Additionally, in fiscal 2015, $75,800 was used as part of the consideration for the purchase of a subsidiary.  Net cash provided by financing activities was $578,223 for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $1,808,665 for the year ended September 30, 2015. Financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of $535,000 in proceeds from sales of common stock and $43,223 in proceeds from sale of notes payable.  As shown below, at September 30, 2016, our contractual cash obligations totaled approximately $269,131 all of which consisted of operating lease obligations and debt principal.   Payments due by period Less than More than Contractual obligations 1 year 1-3 years 4-5 years 5 years Total Line of credit $ 19,732 - - - 19,732 Notes payable 93,397 - - - 93,397 Operating leases 81,902 74,100 - - 156,002 Total contractual cash obligations $ 195,031 $ 74,100 $ - $ - $ 269,131  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the Company will need additional financing to fund additional material capital expenditures and to fully implement its business plan. There are no assurances that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. If additional financing is not available, the Company will need to reduce, defer or cancel development programs, planned initiatives and overhead expenditures as a way to supplement the cash flows generated by operations. The Company has a backlog of fees under contract in addition to the Company's accounts receivable balance. The failure to adequately fund its capital requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the sale of additional equity securities to raise financing will result in additional dilution to the Company's stockholders, and incurring additional indebtedness could involve the imposition of covenants that restrict our operations. Management, in the normal course of business, is trying to raise additional capital through sales of common stock as well as seeking financing from third parties, via both debt and equity, to balance the Company's cash requirements and to finance specific capital projects.  Off Balance Sheet Transactions and Related Matters  Other than operating leases discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, there are no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that have, or may have, a material effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources of the Company.  Jan 25, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses





Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





JetBlue chairman: Why loyalty programs have made airlines 'lazy'




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 

























Tax & Financial Planning Dallas | Financial Gravity




































  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			























Lower Taxes
Lowering taxes increases profitability and grows wealth. Unlike other tax-related services and solutions, we are committed to working with you to proactively develop a plan to minimize your taxes and maximize your take home pay.
  Read More About Our Tax Solutions


 










Higher Profit
Running a business can be overwhelming; we believe it’s our job to simplify it. Our business solutions provide business owners with access to the expertise, tools, and talent necessary to run their companies more effectively and efficiently.
 Read More About Our Business Solutions


 










Greater Wealth
We believe financial planning, wealth, and risk management should work hand-in-hand with your tax planning and business strategies, it isn’t just money management. That’s why we’ve designed our wealth solutions to be integrated.
 Read More About Our Wealth Solutions


 




 
 







Tax

It’s not rocket science. It’s simple math.
                                Lowering taxes increases profitability and grows wealth. Unlike other tax-related services and solutions, at Financial Gravity we’re committed to working with you personally to proactively develop a plan to minimize your tax burden and maximize your success.                            

Tax Blueprint® | Fractional Family Office™ | Exit Planning | Tax Operating System® | Advanced Tax Operating System™
Read More






Business

Running a business can be overwhelming.
                                And we believe it’s our job to simplify it. Our distinctive business solutions provide business owners with access to the expertise, tools, and talent necessary to run their companies more effectively and efficiently. It doesn’t get simpler than that.                            

Business Blueprint™ | Project Delivery | Business Operating System™ | Partner Network
Read More






Wealth

We’ve designed our solutions to work synergistically.
                                At Financial Gravity, we believe financial planning, wealth management, and risk management should work hand-in-hand with your tax planning strategy. That’s why we’ve designed our wealth solutions to work synergistically with our broader suite of tax offerings.                            

Wealth Blueprint™ | Wealth Operating System™ | Estate Planning | Risk Management
Read More






Partners

Your financial advisory business is challenging.
                                Growing your financial advisory business in today’s marketplace can be quite challenging. Higher consumer expectations, technological pressures and increased industry complexity require companies to differentiate themselves more and more.                            

Bronze Level | Silver Level | Gold Level
Read More








As seen on...
















FGCO 0.80 0.00 0.00%


 



















 




MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin

Dow sets yet another record, but Nasdaq, S&P 500 slump Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




4:04 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:03p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
4:03pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
4:02pS&P 500 closes lower by around 0.1% 
4:02pDow Jones Industrial Average closes higher by more than 0.1% 
4:02pNasdaq Composite Index closes lower by 0.1%, weighed by Amazon earnings miss
4:01pStocks close mixed; Dow closes at record lifted by Chevron earnings
4:00pRedfin Corp. closes up 45% in market debut 
4:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:59pHow to ask for a raise and find out if your Amazon sale item is truly discounted
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
3:53pRIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
3:48pDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
3:46pBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
3:43pHow do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
3:38pCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
3:37pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
3:15pIs your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
3:14pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
3:12pAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
3:11pOil logs its biggest weekly gain of the year
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:04 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides accounting, tax planning, and management services to high net worth individuals and businesses in the Dallas/Fort Worth region. It offers bookkeeping and payroll services; asset management services; consulting services; and software and support solutions, as well as TaxCoach software system, coaching, and email marketing services. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Allen, Texas.


800 North Watters RoadSuite 120Allen, TX 75013United StatesFounded in 201424 Employees



Phone: 469-342-9100

www.financialgravity.com







Key Executives for Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.




Mr. John Pollock


      	Chairman of the Board & CEO
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: $100.0K








Mr. David Crowley


      	President, Chief Strategy Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 60
        

Total Annual Compensation: $100.0K








Mr. Edward A. Lyon J.D.


      	Chief Tax Strategist and Director
      


Age: 52
        

Total Annual Compensation: $42.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Key Developments

Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Appoints Dan Sundby as Chief Sales Officer
Jul 13 17
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. appointed Dan Sundby as Chief Sales Officer (CSO). In this role, Dan will directly lead the National Sales Operations driving coordinated sales execution across regional sales teams nationwide. He will also play a key role in driving the next phase of company growth in this rapidly-evolving industry. Mr. Sundby was previously the founder of Insurance Green Marketing and Pareto Sales Training where he recruited and trained sales teams nationally for several insurance and financial services companies, generating sales of over $100 million. He was responsible for national recruiting, sales training development, business call center, sales support, product development, and sales operations. Dan’s organization was consistently the top producing team with each company he recruited and trained for. Outside of the insurance and financial industries, Mr. Sundby also served as a sales manager for a regional homebuilder in Columbus, Ohio. As part of the sales management team, he recruited and trained new sales counselors, and as a member of the leadership team Mr. Sundby was involved in all aspects of the business. The Columbus Division was the top performing division and finished in 2016 with record revenues of $90 million.


Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Feb 15 17
On 02/15/2017, Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


The Securities Exchange Commission Approves to Move Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.'s Financial Gravity Wealth to Federal Oversight
Feb 14 17
The Securities Exchange Commission has approved Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. to move to federal oversight for its Wealth Management division, Financial Gravity Wealth.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-2-3 Payroll & HR Services, Inc. United States 120 Water Audit, LLC United States 123College.com, Inc. United States 13D Research LLC United States 1410 Partners, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 6, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 11, 2016
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      October 12, 2016
			    
Pacific Oil Company





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., please visit www.financialgravity.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































































"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017 - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














FGCO


Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.














 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 OTCQB 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017
Jun 23, 2017
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017

"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017

NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - June 23, 2017) -  FMW Media Works Corp. announces its upcoming airing for "NEW TO THE STREET," featuring Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments (OTC PINK: BGFT), Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and HealthEHabitats. The show's broadcast is Saturday, June 24, 2017, at 3:30 PM Eastern/12:30 Pacific airing nationwide on Fox Business Network TV -- Potentially, reaching 95 million homes. Check your local cable provider's channel lineup to find Fox Business Network in your area.Airing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," John Pollock, CEO of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), discusses how his company's addresses 'why many people are frustrated that their CPA, Insurance Agent, Financial Advisor, and Attorney. These professional service providers are all giving conflicting advice, and no one seems to be looking out for the small business owner.' He further explains how people are left to gather an exceptionally complex set of moving data and then make decisions without the experience or wisdom needed to decipher it all."Financial Gravity Companies, Inc's Fractional Family Office® solves the dizzying array of options by starting with reducing your taxes with the Tax Blueprint® and the Tax Operating System®" Again, returning to the show, Tom Biscardi, CEO of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. keeping our viewers informed on their most recent research expedition in upstate New York, The $1,000,000 Bigfoot Bounty and their plans for the Bigfoot Hotel and museum.Another, first-time appearance on "NEW TO THE STREET," Toomas Niemen, CEO of HealthEHabitas, which is a rapidly growing Indoor "Environmental Wellness Company " specializing in making the indoor quality of life healthier and safer to live, work or play.Also appearing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a/ The Original Grilled Cheese Truck's Executive team, A.J. Cervantes, Chairman; Al Hodges, CEO and President and Chief Creative Officer and Founder, Dave Danhi. The Grilled Cheese Truck has been a highly successful Southern California operation since 2009, and the brand is now being rolled-out nationally and internationally. The company is currently conducting a Title III Crowdfunding offering to fund its launch on www.flashfunders.com.A.J. Cervantes, whose firm Trilogy Capital, recently acquired the brand, stated, "With numerous awards to its credit and the enormous amount of national and regional publicity the Original Grilled Cheese Truck has received, we believe the time is right to bring this gourmet product to all American cities."  "NEW TO THE STREET" just wrapped up its last series taping on June 20, 2017, at their state of the art studio in New York City, New York. This show will feature a variety of clients, both new and old including; DIB Funding, Inc., the creators of DIBCOIN, Agritek Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: AGTK), CannaSaver, and Live Mana Worldwide LLC."New to the Street" films once a month at its studio in Manhattan, NYC. If you would like your company to be included in the line-up on upcoming Broadcasts of "New to the Street," please contact the office at 631.465-0284 or email adam.becker@newtothestreet.com to reserve your place. It is optimal to have two weeks' notice to get the best results for Clients; the next studio date is 7.20.17. Please don't put off reserving your time as "New to the Street" wants to have adequate time to prepare for your interview, press releases and social media campaign preparations.FMW Media Works Corp. ("New To The Street") is a leading provider of business profiles and special corporate programming. FMW Media Works produces "New To The Street" which paves the way to the latest financial issues, offering a blend of business and financial services news reporting and in-depth interviews relating to new products, economic analysis, and public company profiles. "New To The Street" airs as paid TV programming and airs in the United States reaching potentially 100 million homes, in Canada reaching potentially more than 5.3 million homes and viewed on other select International stations. Visit www.NewToTheStreet.com. Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that is contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. 
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/6/23/11G141730/Images/FMWNTTS-a88728e7d5598d8e84c334d24f5dfd77.jpg


Contact Information:For "NEW TO THE STREET."Adam Becker(631) 465-0284adam.becker@newtothestreet.com Financial Gravity CompaniesJennifer Sanfordjennifer@financialgravity.com





Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Certified Tax Master® Conference A Success - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Certified Tax Master® Conference A Success






Business Wire




Jun 14, 2017 7:00 AM EDT













 


















































  Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., (OTCQB: FGCO) an integrated financial services company operating as a Fractional Family Office ® whose brands include Tax Blueprint ®, Tax Operating System ®, and Factor Based Investing ®, is a natural fit for Certified Public Accountants, Enrolled Agents and other Tax Professionals. The Certified Tax Master ® Conference is geared toward this group and the conference sold out before the end of the tax season.  Ed Lyon, Chief Tax Strategist for Financial Gravity, stated, "It is our firm belief that the CPA and Enrolled Agent should be in the center of the business owner's trusted relationships. But they don't have the tools or business model to effectively become what the market desires. The CTM ® conference is a step in the right direction for these progressive accountants and the feedback from them has been overwhelmingly positive."  Jim Reggio, Chief Marketing Officer, stated, "Having 30-year veterans tell us this is the best conference they have ever attended is the type of feedback we were hoping for. There are over 600,000 CPAs in the country and we know that we can change how the industry operates with just a few of them. This is a step in the right direction."  About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.  Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office ®, provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients' personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.  Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity's business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. & HeroX Partner To Launch The Tax Operating System® Challenge - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. & HeroX Partner To Launch The Tax Operating System® Challenge






Business Wire




May 31, 2017 7:00 AM EDT













 


















































  Financial Gravity Tax, Inc., a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), is proud to work with HeroX to launch the Tax Operating System® challenge.  HeroX was co-founded in 2013 by XPRIZE founder Peter Diamandis, challenge designer Emily Fowler and entrepreneur Christian Cotichini as a means to democratize the innovation model of XPRIZE.  HeroX exists to enable anyone, anywhere in the world, to create a challenge that addresses any problem or opportunity, build a community around that challenge and activate the circumstances that can lead to a breakthrough innovation.  John Pollock, Financial Gravity's Chief Executive Officer, stated, "One of Financial Gravity's goals is to help individuals pay the least amount in taxes that is allowable by law. The Internal Revenue Codes, size, complexity and constant change make it difficult for people to accurately and consistently apply the laws to their specific situation. We believe applying available technologies and opening up this challenge to the crowd will help us more accurately and uniformly apply the available strategies."  "This challenge will get us one step closer to the fully integrated and cohesive advice of the Fractional Family Office®," stated Paul Williams, Chief Financial Officer.  https://herox.com/financialgravity  About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.  Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office®, provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients' personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.  Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity's business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















	
		
		
		Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Announces New Partner Program Member Portal
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Announces New Partner Program Member Portal
BY Business Wire— 7:00 AM ET 03/28/2017


 ALLEN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO) is excited to announce
      the first production release of its New Portal for its Partner Program
      Members.
    

      This first release will service the needs of the Financial Advisor
      Partners. The next release will provide services to the Accountant
      Partners.
    

      “This is a substantial move forward for the partner program, bringing
      automation and ease of access to all of the assets and benefits that the
      partners use to effectively market and sell Financial Gravity’s Tax
      Planning services,” Jim Reggio, Financial Gravity Companies’ Chief
      Technology Officer & Chief Marketing Officer commented.
    

      Chief Executive Officer, John Pollock added, “This portal takes things
      to another level, and shows our commitment to continual improvement as
      well as the leveraging of technology across the full spectrum of our
      business initiatives.”
    

      Financial Gravity’s Partner Program serves both Financial Advisors and
      Accountants (Certified Public Accountants and Enrolled Agents) looking
      to ensure that their businesses thrive into the future, by diversifying
      their value to their clients.
    

About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO)


      Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), provides integrated tax, business,
      and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high
      net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’
      personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with
      potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For
      details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
    

Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is
      defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
      forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve
      inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay,
      divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and
      results to differ materially from the current expectations. No
      forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements
      in the press release should be evaluated together with the many
      uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial
      Gravity (FGCO) undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
      statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
      otherwise.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170328005349/en/
Source: Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO)




More FGCO News

FGCO has no more news










 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 
















































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/28/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





VZ
Log in for Events


URBN


URBN


SYNA


LL








HP
Log in for Events


ALKS


CVRR


CVRR


ESND




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 3:52 PM ET 07/28/2017







Earnings (101)
Dividends (40)
Splits (12)


Upgrades (158)
Downgrades (155)
Economic (3)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 













































"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017






























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 500 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 171,020 in the last 365 days.
  









"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017


FMW Media Works Corp. announces its upcoming airing for "NEW TO THE STREET," featuring Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments (OTC PINK: BGFT), Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and HealthEHabitats. 

The show's broadcast is Saturday, June 24, 2017, at 3:30 PM Eastern/12:30 Pacific airing nationwide on Fox Business Network -Potentially, reaching 95 million homes. Check your local cable provider's channel lineup to find Fox Business Network in your area.Click here for high-resolution version


/EINPresswire.com/ -- NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - June 23, 2017) -  FMW Media Works Corp. announces its upcoming airing for "NEW TO THE STREET," featuring Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments (OTC PINK: BGFT), Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and HealthEHabitats. 
The show's broadcast is Saturday, June 24, 2017, at 3:30 PM Eastern/12:30 Pacific airing nationwide on Fox Business Network TV -- Potentially, reaching 95 million homes. Check your local cable provider's channel lineup to find Fox Business Network in your area.
Airing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," John Pollock, CEO of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), discusses how his company's addresses 'why many people are frustrated that their CPA, Insurance Agent, Financial Advisor, and Attorney. These professional service providers are all giving conflicting advice, and no one seems to be looking out for the small business owner.' He further explains how people are left to gather an exceptionally complex set of moving data and then make decisions without the experience or wisdom needed to decipher it all."
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc's Fractional Family Office® solves the dizzying array of options by starting with reducing your taxes with the Tax Blueprint® and the Tax Operating System®" 
Again, returning to the show, Tom Biscardi, CEO of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. keeping our viewers informed on their most recent research expedition in upstate New York, The $1,000,000 Bigfoot Bounty and their plans for the Bigfoot Hotel and museum.
Another, first-time appearance on "NEW TO THE STREET," Toomas Niemen, CEO of HealthEHabitas, which is a rapidly growing Indoor "Environmental Wellness Company " specializing in making the indoor quality of life healthier and safer to live, work or play.
Also appearing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a/ The Original Grilled Cheese Truck's Executive team, A.J. Cervantes, Chairman; Al Hodges, CEO and President and Chief Creative Officer and Founder, Dave Danhi. The Grilled Cheese Truck has been a highly successful Southern California operation since 2009, and the brand is now being rolled-out nationally and internationally. The company is currently conducting a Title III Crowdfunding offering to fund its launch on www.flashfunders.com.
A.J. Cervantes, whose firm Trilogy Capital, recently acquired the brand, stated, "With numerous awards to its credit and the enormous amount of national and regional publicity the Original Grilled Cheese Truck has received, we believe the time is right to bring this gourmet product to all American cities." 
 "NEW TO THE STREET" just wrapped up its last series taping on June 20, 2017, at their state of the art studio in New York City, New York. This show will feature a variety of clients, both new and old including; DIB Funding, Inc., the creators of DIBCOIN, Agritek Holdings, Inc. (OTCQB: AGTK), CannaSaver, and Live Mana Worldwide LLC.
"New to the Street" films once a month at its studio in Manhattan, NYC. If you would like your company to be included in the line-up on upcoming Broadcasts of "New to the Street," please contact the office at 631.465-0284 or email adam.becker@newtothestreet.com to reserve your place. It is optimal to have two weeks' notice to get the best results for Clients; the next studio date is 7.20.17. Please don't put off reserving your time as "New to the Street" wants to have adequate time to prepare for your interview, press releases and social media campaign preparations.
FMW Media Works Corp. ("New To The Street") is a leading provider of business profiles and special corporate programming. FMW Media Works produces "New To The Street" which paves the way to the latest financial issues, offering a blend of business and financial services news reporting and in-depth interviews relating to new products, economic analysis, and public company profiles. "New To The Street" airs as paid TV programming and airs in the United States reaching potentially 100 million homes, in Canada reaching potentially more than 5.3 million homes and viewed on other select International stations. Visit www.NewToTheStreet.com.
 Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer: 
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that is contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. 

Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/6/23/11G141730/Images/FMWNTTS-a88728e7d5598d8e84c334d24f5dfd77.jpg


Contact Information:For "NEW TO THE STREET."Adam Becker(631) 465-0284adam.becker@newtothestreet.com Financial Gravity CompaniesJennifer Sanfordjennifer@financialgravity.com





  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      Banking, Finance & Investment, Consumer Goods, IT, Media, Advertising & PR, Movies, Travel & Tourism, U.S. Politics





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



National Opioid Addiction Treatment Leader Partners with Indiana University Health Plans to Expand Access to Members


Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Net Income Improves 10.6% to $920,000


Esteemed Officials Celebrate Shema Kolainu-Hear Our Voices at Annual Legislative Breakfast

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






















About Financial Gravity - Financial Gravity































  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			
























About Financial Gravity
At Financial Gravity our top priority is your bottom line. With fully-integrated financial solutions, we focus solely on increasing wealth and decreasing costs. Whether you’re a business owner or an individual investor, we’ve pulled together the most comprehensive collection of tax, business solutions, and wealth management in the industry.
Unlike traditional financial services firms or consultancies, our unique approach combines both individualized planning and hands-on execution. We not only help you with the development of wealth-generating plans, but we also offer strategic solutions to make them a reality. That way you can spend less time worrying about money and more time making it.
 














John Pollock - Chief Executive Officer and Board Member

John Pollock is the CEO of Financial Gravity Holdings Inc. and President of Pollock Advisory Group, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisory firm. 
He has been featured in Forbes Magazine. He is a frequent contributor on television and Radio. John wrote the book The Nest Egg Cookbook – Your Recipe for a Comfortable Retirement. He contributed to the books Secrets of a Tax Free Life, and Tax Breaks of the Rich & Famous. John is also a featured speaker at conferences around the country.








Dave Crowley – President and Chief Strategy Officer and Board Member

Dave has worked with Financial Gravity since Jan 2013, contributing to the creation of the Financial Gravity plan. Dave has applied his successes as an engineer towards assisting in developing the concepts and systems that are now being deployed in Financial Gravity. With his expertise in process engineering and sales management in the insurance industry Dave brings a depth of experience and working knowledge that underpins the sales and operating structure of Financial Gravity.  Dave’s prior successes are in business coaching, personal development, insurance, and agency management arena.








Paul Williams - Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer

Paul Williams is CEO of Bison Financial Group, Inc. and has over 30 years of business experience primarily in capital markets, mergers and acquisitions.  Mr. Williams has served as the Chairman, CEO or CFO of numerous companies operating in various industries, both domestic and international, including two publicly traded companies.  Mr. Williams is heavily involved in local, state and national civic affairs and was appointed to three terms on the Board of Texas Economic Development Council in Austin. In 2009, he was awarded the CFO of the Year Award by the Dallas Business Journal. In 2007, he served as the Chairman of the Board for the Frisco Chamber of Commerce and still serves on their Board and Executive Committee.  Mr. Williams graduated from Austin College in Sherman with a double major in Economics and Business Administration and graduated from the Institute of Organization Management.








James F. Reggio – Chief Technology Officer and Chief Marketing Officer

An artist and a technologist, Jim currently employs both skill sets to achieve Financial Gravity’s aggressive marketing goals. Jim has provided technology solutions to business challenges for almost 30 years. A results-oriented executive manager, he has worked in insurance, distribution, retail, manufacturing, and software. Jim currently directs the marketing efforts for Financial Gravity. Successful in bringing significant value to business by providing innovative solutions, he has held key responsibilities in strategic and operational planning, mergers and acquisitions, integration, and governance as pertaining to technology. Jim has served as CIO/CTO for EFA Processing, Affirmative Ins. Holdings, Instant Ins. Holdings, The St. Paul Specialty Auto Group, and Titan Holdings.








Rick Johnson – Chief Operating Officer

Rick brings over thirty years of business experience, where he has provided executive leadership in various capacities, including operations and finance with emerging growth companies. A thirteen year veteran of Accenture, and a seasoned entrepreneur with almost twenty years of experience as an officer or senior executive in emerging growth companies, Rick understands firsthand the challenges and opportunities in leading an emerging growth company. As an executive and as a consultant, Rick has successfully provided emerging growth businesses with the best-practices of world-class enterprises amidst the controlled chaos of entrepreneurship. Rick brings a passion for enabling businesses to successfully plan and execute to profitably grow their business.








Edward A. Lyon, JD, CTM - Chief Tax Strategist and Board Member

Ed is an authority on tax planning – an author, consultant, speaker, and a co-founder of TaxCoach™ Software, LLC, as well as the American Institute of Certified Tax Coaches. He’s actively involved in mentoring members during our weekly Member Call-Ins and through individual coaching with advanced TaxCoach™ members. Ed leads the effort in ensuring that the latest tax practices are researched and provided to all members. He’s a member of many elite tax groups, as well as small business owner mentoring networks. Ed has written seven books on tax and financial planning, and is a sought-after speaker to accountants, financial professionals, and business owners throughout the country. He has appeared on over 300 radio and television broadcasts, with over two dozen national television appearances, including interviews on CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, and CNBC.








George Crumley - Board Member

George Crumley is a Partner at Pittenger, Nuspl & Crumley (ppnclaw.com).  Selected as one of the Top 100 Attorneys in the entire DFW Region by peers in SuperLawyers, and consistently rated as one of the Top Attorneys in Texas by Texas Monthly, Mr. Crumley received the highest possible rating by Martindale Hubbell by judges and peers, 5.0 out of 5. Representing clients all over Texas since 1993 including trial and appellate experience all the way up to the Texas Supreme Court in matters involving business, construction, divorce and child custody, personal injury, contracts, products liability, commercial litigation, estate planning and probate matters, including probate disputes.








Jennifer Sanford - Director of Wealth Management, Partner Liaison, Investor Relations

Jennifer Sanford manages Investor Relations, Wealth Management, and our valued Partners. She also directs fulfillment processes for company acquisitions, leadership team coordination, and other service related functions. For investor relations Jennifer integrates finance, communications, and marketing to enable the most effective two-way communication between the company, financial community, and other constituencies. Jennifer holds a Bachelor’s of Science Degree in Business Administration from the University of Texas at Dallas.








Alecia Benites - Controller

Alecia Benites has over 15 years of professional experience in multiple fields such as finance, accounting and auditing. Alecia spent a portion of her career in the New York City office of Pricewaterhouse Coopers in the Financial Services – Real Estate audit and assurance practice. Alecia’s served many large clients while at PWC, including JP Morgan, Mack-Cali Realty, and Prudential Real Estate Investors. After leaving PWC, Alecia spent the next ten years in various finance positions. Alecia is a graduate of Boston University with a degree in Business Management with a concentration in Accounting. 








Donnie Nelson - Advisory Board Member - GM & President, Basketball Operations, Dallas Mavericks of the NBA

In a 2007 Sports Illustrated article ranking the NBA’s personnel bosses from 1 to 30, Donnie Nelson was ranked No. 2. Additionally, in a 2009 Yahoo! Sports article Nelson was ranked the 3rd best General Manager of the decade after producing nine 50-­‐plus win seasons in a row and the first Finals appearance in franchise history in 2006. Nelson assembled the Mavericks team that would later win the 2011 NBA Championship. Nelson is also one of the co-­‐owners of the Texas Legends of the NBA Developmental League, located in the Dallas-­‐Fort Worth suburb of Frisco. The team is an affiliate of the Mavericks.








Michael Port - Advisory Board Member - CEO, Book Yourself Solid & Heroic Public Speaking

Called “an uncommonly honest author” by the Boston Globe and a “marketing guru” by The Wall Street Journal, Michael Port is a New York Times Bestselling author of four books including Book Yourself Solid, Beyond Booked Solid, The Contrarian Effect and The Think Big Manifesto. Michael can be seen regularly on MSNBC and receives the highest overall speaker ratings at conferences around the world. Why? Because his mission is to rally you to think bigger about who you are and what you offer the world.








Scott Winters - Advisory Board Member - CEO, EQIS

Scott’s multi-­‐decade career in financial services has spanned the largest wire house firms to the independent channel. As a top advisor, trainer, and manager of advisors, he continuously rewrote the book on the use of technology by advisors. Examples of his approach include increasing efficiency with practice management systems, improving client relations by using CRM software, and use of tools for analyzing investors’ costs and asset allocations. Scott’s vision in founding EQIS was and is to empower advisors with all the resources, guidance, and technology that they need to perfectly serve their clients with the utmost trust, competence, and confidence. Scott earned a BA in business economics from San Diego State University.








Dan Cuprill - Advisory Board Member - CEO Matson & Cuprill

Dan Cuprill is the owner of Matson & Cuprill, a wealth coaching and advisory firm located in Cincinnati, Ohio. With over 200 clients and over $150,000,000 under management, they guide professionals and retirees toward achieving and maintaining lifelong financial independence. Matson & Cuprill, utilizes an approach based on sixty years of Nobel Prize winning research.








Mike McCormick - Advisory Board Member - MJ McCormick, LLC – Cincy Tax Coach

As a Cincinnati based CPA, Mike has hands-­‐on experience using highly specialized tax planning strategies that will help you stop wasting money. His various professional designations demonstrate his dedication to continuous improvement and his desire to help clients avoid paying more taxes than they’re required to pay. Mike’s broad knowledge of management, HR, accounting, financial services, and technology make him a unique and valuable resource for you. His tax services go far beyond form preparation and compliance services, to the creation and implementation of plans designed to increase cash flow and profit by minimizing your tax liabilities. He can be counted on to help ensure your long-­‐term business and financial success.










 













 







Contact Us - Financial Gravity































  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			


















Contact Us
An approach that combines both individualized planning and hands-on execution.
  
Phone: 469-342-9100
Email: info@financialgravity.com
                                    
 
FINANCIAL GRAVITY
                                        800 N Watters Rd, Ste 120
                                        Allen, TX 75013
                                    
 


 
 


  
 




















 







News Archive - Financial Gravity




























  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			






















2017, July
Here are Four Legal, Moral, and Ethical Ways to Write Off Your Home Office
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 49: Marcedes Fuller — America’s Imagepreneur
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 013: Clean Tax Savings Here
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 48: Lindsey Anderson — Facebook and Email Marketing
How to Write Off Medical Expenses
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 012: This is Spinal Tax
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 47: Brian Saemann — Digital Marketing and SEO
Hiring my kid? That sounds sketchy!
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 011: Does Your Money Need a Passport?
Having an IRA or 401k is NOT a Sufficient Retirement Plan



Categories 
Business

Tax

Wealth


 




News Archive


Financial Gravity Tax Announces New Partner Office in Cumming, Georgia



                                            07/25/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (NASDAQ Wire – July 25, 2017) Financial Gravity Tax, Inc. a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc (OTCQB: FGCO) is proud to partner with Mark Miller and Exclusive Business Solutions located in Cumming, Georgia. Exclusive Business Solutions offers consulting services to allow their clients to implement financial solutions.
Exclusive Business Solutions, Inc. (a partner company with Safe Money Strategies) consults with business owners, top executives, physicians, and high net worth individuals to help them protect their financial assets and live the life they deserve. They help business owners take their company to the next level by providing thoughtful and innovative financial planning by identifying strategies and tactical solutions to preserve, promote and protect the value of clients’ businesses and assets.
“I am proud to be partnered with Financial Gravity. My company, Exclusive Business Solutions, has long been looking for a firm that can give my business clients outstanding ways to lessen their tax burdens and expand their company profits. I think Financial Gravity has the strategies, personnel and expertise to serve my clients well, both now and in the future. We’re extremely excited about our new partnership!,” expressed Mark Miller, Owner of Exclusive Business Solutions.
Dave Crowley, Financial Gravity President and Chief Strategy Officer, stated, “We’re excited to add our first Advisor Partner from the state of Georgia. Mark has built a successful company that is already focused on supporting the small business community. We both get to expand our footprint in this active market and really help Small Business Owners stop wasting and overpaying their tax bills.”
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. 
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office ®, provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232
 







Financial Gravity Appoints Dan Sundby as Chief Sales Officer



                                            07/13/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (NASDAQ Wire – July 12, 2017) Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), is pleased to announce that it has appointed Dan Sundby as Chief Sales Officer (CSO). In this role, Dan will directly lead the National Sales Operations driving coordinated sales execution across regional sales teams nationwide. He will also play a key role in driving the next phase of company growth in this rapidly-evolving industry.
Mr. Sundby was previously the founder of Insurance Green Marketing and Pareto Sales Training where he recruited and trained sales teams nationally for several insurance and financial services companies, generating sales of over $100M. He was responsible for national recruiting, sales training development, business call center, sales support, product development, and sales operations. Dan’s organization was consistently the top producing team with each company he recruited and trained for.
Outside of the insurance and financial industries, Mr. Sundby also served as a sales manager for a regional homebuilder in Columbus, Ohio. As part of the sales management team, he recruited and trained new sales counselors, and as a member of the leadership team Mr. Sundby was involved in all aspects of the business. The Columbus Division was the top performing division and finished 2016 with record revenues of $90M.
John Pollock, Chief Executive Officer of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., stated, “Financial Gravity is experiencing continued demand for our Tax Blueprint® service which provides a clear tax reduction plan for business owners. Dan is a world-class sales and marketing executive with an impressive track record in building and developing high-impact organizations. We are thrilled to have Dan join Financial Gravity and bring his talent to capturing the opportunity ahead of us.”
“As a high-growth, national company, Financial Gravity has an incredible opportunity to capitalize on the trends fueling the tax planning and wealth management industry. As Chief Sales Officer, I look forward to leading the national sales teams and helping the leadership team scale to meet the opportunities of the growing economy and high need for Financial Gravity’s programs and services,” stated Financial Gravity’s Chief Sales Officer, Dan Sundby.
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. 
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office® provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232







Financial Gravity Tax June Partner Program Conference Adds 2 New Partners



                                            06/28/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (NASDAQ Wire – June 27, 2017) Financial Gravity Tax, Inc. a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO) is pleased to announce the addition of 2 new Partners with the conclusion of the June Partner Program Conference. The program currently has a total of 33 Partners across 17 states.
When asked about her experience with Financial Gravity’s Partner Program, Marketing Coordinator Julie Suggs commented, “It is a great honor to organize such an event for Advisors of varying states. Their attendance and enrollment into the Partner Program illustrates that our mission to recapture the American dream is striking a chord with tax advisors around the globe.”
Financial Gravity Partner Program Liaison, Jennifer Sanford, stated, “The Advisors that attend our Partner Program conference bring an insatiable appetite for expanding their knowledge on how to assist small businesses save taxes. Their energy has created a momentum further expanding out tax model. This is what the American Dream is made of and it is how we, as a company, individuals and families will thrive in making a better tomorrow.”
 
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. 
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office® provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
 
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232
 







Financial Gravity Companies, Inc Announces New Partner Office in Jeffersonville, Indiana



                                            06/22/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Financial Gravity Tax, Inc a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (otcqb:FGCO) is proud to partner with Jeff Hartfield and Denim & Diamonds Financial Solutions, LLC, a comprehensive financial planning firm located in Jeffersonville, Indiana. http://www.danddfinancial.com
Jeff Hartfield is the President and CEO of Denim and Diamonds Financial Solutions., LLC; their team has over 85 years of collective experience. Denim and Diamonds helps clients sustain their legacy by providing their families with long term security and a blueprint for success. They offer comprehensive solutions through a spectrum of financial solutions that include financial guidance, legacy protections, wealth management and insurance services.
“We are very excited to bring the skills of the Financial Gravity team to our clients. We have a long history of a holistic approach to our client’s financial wellbeing. This partnership will help carry that mission forward,” stated Denim and Diamonds President and CEO Jeff Hartfield.
“We are very excited to bring the skills of the Financial Gravity team to our clients. We have a long history of a holistic approach to our client’s financial wellbeing. This partnership will help carry that mission forward,” – Jeff Hartfield
Jennifer Sanford, Financial Gravity’s Director of Wealth Management and Investor Relations stated, “Jeff and his team already provide a plethora of Investment Management services for their wealth clients. The addition of proactive tax planning will not only extend their offered services but it will also dramatically increase their impact in Kentucky and Indiana communities.”
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office(R), provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232







Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Certified Tax Master® Conference a Success



                                            06/14/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (Business Wire – June 14, 2017) Financial Gravity Companies, Inc, (OTCQB: FGCO) an integrated financial services company operating as a Fractional Family Office® whose brands include Tax Blueprint®, Tax Operating System®, and Factor Based Investing®, Is a natural fit for Certified Public Accountants, Enrolled Agents and other Tax Professionals. The Certified Tax Master® Conference is geared toward this group and the conference sold out before the end of the tax season.
Ed Lyon, Chief Tax Strategist for Financial Gravity stated, “It is our firm belief that the CPA and Enrolled Agent should be in the center of the business owners trusted relationships. But, they don’t have the tools or business model to effectively become what the market desires. The CTM® conference is a step in the right direction for these progressive accountants and the feedback from them has been overwhelmingly positive.”
Jim Reggio, Chief Marketing Officer stated, “Having 30-year veterans tell us this is the best conference they have ever attended is the type of feedback we were hoping for. There are over 600,000 CPAs in the country and we know that we can change how the industry operates with just a few of them. This is a step in the right direction.”
http://news.morningstar.com/all/business-wire/BWIPREM20170614005200/financial-gravity-companies-inc-certified-tax-master-conference-a-success.aspx
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office® provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232







Financial Gravity Companies Signs with GHS Investments in NY an $11M Equity Purchase Agreement



                                            06/06/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

ALLEN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., (OTCQB: FGCO) signed an Equity Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC enabling Financial Gravity access to capital up to $11M over the next 36 months. The capital allows the Company to continue its national expansion of its integrated financial services, operating as a Fractional Family Office®, with brands that include Tax Blueprint®, Tax Operating System®, and Factor Based Investing®.
GHS Investments, LLC, a leading private investment and management group providing financial solutions for potential small cap enterprises, entered into the agreement with Financial Gravity following extensive due diligence, management interviews, and detailed analysis of the Company’s financial and business plan. The Agreement provides Financial Gravity with the option to sell GHS up to $11,000,000 worth of the company’s common stock over a 36 month period following the effective date of the registration.
Paul Williams, Financial Gravity’s Chief Financial Officer, stated, “We are eager to partner with GHS to access its depth of experience and resources. This brings us one step closer in disrupting both the accounting and the financial services industries.”
Sarfraz Hajee, member of GHS Investment, LLC, stated, “Financial Gravity is unique to us on several roles. We are excited to play a key role in the Company’s continued growth.”
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office® provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contacts
Jennifer Sanford,
469-342-2232
jennifer@financialgravity.com







Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. & HeroX Partner To Launch The Tax Operating System® Challenge



                                            06/01/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 ALLEN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–
Financial Gravity Tax, Inc., a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), is proud to work with HeroX to launch the Tax Operating System® challenge.
HeroX was co-founded in 2013 by XPRIZE founder Peter Diamandis, challenge designer Emily Fowler and entrepreneur Christian Cotichini as a means to democratize the innovation model of XPRIZE.
HeroX exists to enable anyone, anywhere in the world, to create a challenge that addresses any problem or opportunity, build a community around that challenge and activate the circumstances that can lead to a breakthrough innovation.
John Pollock, Financial Gravity’s Chief Executive Officer, stated, “One of Financial Gravity’s goals is to help individuals pay the least amount in taxes that is allowable by law. The Internal Revenue Codes, size, complexity and constant change make it difficult for people to accurately and consistently apply the laws to their specific situation. We believe applying available technologies and opening up this challenge to the crowd will help us more accurately and uniformly apply the available strategies.”
“This challenge will get us one step closer to the fully integrated and cohesive advice of the Fractional Family Office®,” stated Paul Williams, Chief Financial Officer.
https://herox.com/financialgravity
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office®, provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232







Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Announces New Partner Office in Michigan City Indiana



                                            05/30/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (Business Wire – May 24, 2017) Financial Gravity Tax, Inc. a subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc (OTCQB: FGCO) is proud to partner with Andrew Mason of Andy Mason & Co, Inc., a Retirement Planning firm located in Michigan City, Indiana.
Andrew Mason’s mission is to assist individuals, families and small businesses in Northwest Indiana and Southwest Michigan by creating customized financial and retirement planning strategies and solutions based on client’s unique life events.
Dave Crowley, President & Chief Strategy Officer of Financial Gravity, stated, “Andy is in a perfect positon to help business owners in Michigan and Indiana. He has the desire, temperament and determination to really help small business owners in those areas.”
“Financial Gravity is a true gift and a unique opportunity to turn a bar of gold into life changing multiples. As an entrepreneur, I believe the tools Financial Gravity has created gives the entrepreneur an opportunity to have as much gold as they choose to have in ten years. My goal is design my own vision by building the right internal infrastructure and living in the house. Financial Gravity has the tools and technology for entrepreneurs to design, build and live their own gold standard,” stated Andy Mason of Andy Mason & Co, Inc.
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., a Fractional Family Office ®, provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232







Financial Gravity Tax, Inc. Announces New Partner Office in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania



                                            05/04/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (Business Wire – May 04, 2017) Financial Gravity Tax, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO) is proud to partner with Rick Diamond and The ROI Group, LLC., a Financial Planning firm located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
The ROI Group is focused on helping established business owners protect their family, business, and ownership interests through integrated solutions that help reduce risk, build wealth and improve tax efficiency. Their commitment is to always put client’s needs first and help them design, implement, and maintain strategies that enhance and preserve their quality of life. The ROI Group helps clients explore, plan and execute in a manner that encompasses the three interdependent domains of their world while educating their clients so they understand the decisions being made.
“The ROI Group is excited about partnering with Financial Gravity because both companies’ DNA align.  Financial Gravity is a business owner focused, proactive, tax reduction/management firm and The ROI Group has built its business on helping small/medium business owners by creating proactive financial and risk mitigating strategies for not only their business’s but for their families as well,” stated Rick Diamond, Principal, Wealth and Retirement Specialist of The ROI Group.
Rick Johnson, Financial Gravity Chief Operating Officer, added, “We are eager to support Rick’s comprehensive approach to serving businesses.”
https://eresearch.fidelity.com/eresearch/evaluate/news/basicNewsStory.jhtml?symbols=FGCO&pageno=&storyid=201705040700BIZWIRE_USPR_____BW5290&provider=BIZWIRE_&product=USPR____&
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. 
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 
Contact:
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com
469-342-2232
 







Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. Announces New Partner Office in Rochester, Michigan



                                            04/27/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Allen, TX – (Business Wire – April 27, 2017) Financial Gravity Companies, Inc (OTCQB: FGCO) is proud to partner with Diane Young and The Athena Financial Group, a comprehensive financial planning firm, located in Rochester, Michigan.
Diane Young is the President of The Athena Financial Group which she founded in 2004. It has grown to be one of the largest 100% female owned financial planning firms in Michigan. Athena Advisors are dedicated to helping women business owners, executives, and professionals build confidence, clarity and direction. The Athena Financial Group strives to address client’s needs holistically, providing financial education, and working towards goals together.
When asked about her partnership with Financial Gravity, Diane said, “I am excited about partnering with Financial Gravity because our clients need to develop a process for monitoring and managing their tax strategies. For many of my clients, taxes are one of their largest expenses, and if we can effectively, and legally reduce taxes, it will help their bottom line.”
Rick Johnson, Financial Gravity Chief Operating Officer, added, “We are excited Diane and her team have joined forces with Financial Gravity in delivering our fractional family office model to The Athena Financial Group’s current and future client base.”
http://www.businesswire.com/portal/site/cnnmoney/index.jsp?ndmViewId=news_view&newsId=20170427005326&newsLang=en&ndmConfigId=1000618&vnsId=33
About Financial Gravity Companies, Inc.
Financial Gravity Companies, Inc., provides integrated tax, business, and financial solutions. Clients include small business owners and high net-worth individuals. Services are focused on helping its clients’ personal and professional goals, while building wealth, most often with potential tax savings, lowering costs, and improving efficiency. For details, visit www.financialgravity.com.
Financial Gravity Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the current expectations.  No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements in the press release should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties that affect Financial Gravity’s business and Financial Gravity undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Contact:Jennifer Sanford
Jennifer Sanford
jennifer@financialgravity.com







« Previous Posts


 







 













 







Tax Planning, Coaching & Preparation Services Dallas | Financial Gravity

































  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			




















Lowering taxes increases profitability and grows wealth. Unlike other tax-related services and solutions, at Financial Gravity we’re committed to working with you personally to proactively develop a plan to minimize your tax burden and maximize your success.
 







It’s not rocket science. It’s simple math.
Our tax offerings include:










Tax Blueprint® After a simple 15-30 minute no obligation assessment, we’ll determine if we can substantially reduce your tax burden. If so, we will develop a tax savings plan utilizing our exclusive Tax Blueprint®. The Tax Blueprint® provides a clear tax reduction plan that is customized specifically to you and your business.
Sources of tax savings, along with implementation plans, are highlighted and summarized so you can be confident that the savings are real. You can expect that the total reduction of your taxes will be substantially higher than the cost of the service itself.  This is backed up by our 2X savings guarantee. That means you’ll never pay more than half of what we save you in tax savings. It doesn’t get easier than that.





Fractional Family Office™ Take the financial performance of your company to the next level.  Get all the benefits of a seasoned CFO/COO to help guide financial decision-making at a fraction of the cost of a full-time executive resource.
This solution includes:

A professional resource dedicated to your team
Strategic financial modeling, reports, and analysis of your business using the latest computer-based tools and methods
Common sense recommendations on how to improve financial performance of your company
Monthly meetings to review the latest reports, analysis, and recommendations to maximize financial performance
Access to a trusted financial expert who understands you and your business

This offering is designed to work as a standalone solution or in direct coordination with the Tax Operating System® and related Bookkeeping with Purpose®; solutions. In addition, it requires a 12-month subscription that can be cancelled anytime with a 60-day notice.





Exit Planning Selling a business is both exciting and stressful.  If the transaction isn’t structured appropriately it can also be one of the biggest tax events of your lifetime.  With exit planning assistance from Financial Gravity we can help advise and instruct you on how to avoid costly mistakes so you can keep more of what you earn.
Our solution includes:

A confidential one-on-one assessment with one of our tax planning specialists to understand the details of the sale.
A customized set of practical recommended tax reduction strategies that are designed to meet the needs of your situation.
Assistance implementing the strategies so you can ensure you’re not unnecessarily “leaving money on the table.”

This offering is designed to work in direct coordination with the Tax Operating System® and related Bookkeeping with Purpose®; solutions.  We offer exit planning as a free service for all Financial Gravity clients who are enrolled in both a tax and wealth solution.
If you are not a Financial Gravity client, or only enrolled in one of our solutions, then we charge a consulting fee for this offering.





Tax Operating System® With the Tax Operating System® you can choose the level that works best for you. Designed to fit any budget and circumstance, our exclusive suite of solutions enable implementation of the Tax Blueprint® to help you save money.
Regardless of which solution you select, you can count on access to our advisors, annual tax planning assistance, ongoing newsletter, and educational materials.
Solutions include:
Advisory
You are provided with direct access to our certified tax advisors to review questions, scenarios, and changes to your business and personal life as it relates to the plan. Our Certified Tax Masters® will provide you with the guidance, recommendations, and support to ensure your tax savings are maximized. This service is $95 per month and can be cancelled at any time.
Additionally, the advisory solution includes optional setup of IRS support documentation and business structure filings to enable you to implement your Tax Blueprint® with confidence. This requires a one-time $995 fee.
Advisory & Tax Preparation
In addition to the advisory solution, we also offer our clients timely tax preparation services, IRS representation and IRS audit protection. We also manage setup of all IRS support documentation and business structure filings. Based on the complexity of your business, this service is offered at $200 – $350 per month and the $995 setup fee is waived.
Bookkeeping with Purpose®
Beyond the benefits of the advisory and tax preparation solutions, we also help you implement all recommended tax strategies with our complete bookkeeping and payroll services. Our proprietary Bookkeeping with Purpose® methodology ensures you are achieving the tax savings from your Tax Blueprint® and that every expense is appropriately accounted for in relation to your Tax Blueprint®.
We work closely with you to keep your books current and accurate. We are proactively engaged in your business, continually focused on your goals of cost savings, wealth building, increasing profit and retirement savings, and presenting other unique profit opportunities.
This solution also includes powerful and actionable business intelligence reports that highlight performance insights on your operation and finances.
Not only does Bookkeeping with Purpose® reduce the headache of having to manage your books and payroll – it also provides you with the confidence that everything is being managed appropriately to reduce your tax burden. This service is offered starting at $395 per month and may increase based on the size and complexity of your business.





Advanced Tax Operating System™ Our Advanced Tax Operating System™ includes all of the benefits and services of our Tax Operating System®, but is designed to help higher earning business owners, as well as W2 employees consistently earning over $300,000 per year. This offering creates an amazing holistic strategy and system to ensure maximum tax savings and benefits for the client’s family and dependents.
Our solution includes:

The Tax Operating System® benefits
Personal Family Office Strategy™
Private Indemnification Strategy™
Employee Stock Ownership Trust
Private Family Legacy Endowment™
Personal Family Bank™
Zero Estate Tax Strategy™
...and MUCH more!









 













 







Wealth & Investment Planning Dallas | Financial Gravity

































  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			




















Unlike traditional brokerages that make money from each transaction, or companies that typically sell a limited set of financial products, we are an independent financial advisory firm. That means we can address your wealth management needs holistically by developing strategies that address all aspects of your investments. Plus, we use the latest analytic tools, portfolio management platforms, and the most diverse set of financial investment vehicles available. It’s a unique approach that’s centered on your success.
 







We believe financial planning, wealth management, and risk management should work hand-in-hand.










Wealth Blueprint™ Using PortfolioGPS™, our most advanced financial planning system, one of our trusted financial advisors will sit down with you in person to review your specific needs, goals, and preferences. 
We will design a customized investment recommendation based on your unique needs. Additionally, this plan will include proven tax-reduction strategies that are designed to maximize your wealth.





Wealth Operating System™ Offered in three tiers, the Wealth Operating System™ is designed to implement your financial plan. Tier 2 and 3 include the Wealth Blueprint™, and Tier 1 includes our more basic Foundations Plan. In addition to the Wealth Blueprint, each tier includes a long list of benefits and services designed to get you from where you are to where you want to be. Face it, most plans go unimplemented, and that’s why the Wealth Operating System is designed and priced to put implementation within your reach. A plan is only a roadmap. Implementation puts you in the car and on the road to attaining your goals, with us as your trusted navigator and advisor, and portfolio access and insights are available 24/7 via one of the most sophisticated, reliable, and user friendly technology platforms in the industry.
To further differentiate ourselves from traditional brokerage firms, our fee structure is completely transparent. There are no hidden fees or daily calls from some sales broker trying to get you to buy or sell a financial product so “they” can earn a commission.
Plain and simple – with Financial Gravity, we offer solid wealth management that you can count on.
This solution includes:

Wealth Blueprint (PortfolioGPS Advanced Financial Plan or Foundations Basic Plan)
Annual and quarterly face-to-face meetings to review progress and performance
On-Demand Advice (phone/email)
Free Notary Service
Culture Index - Professional Personality Profile
Tax Return $149 or free if AUM greater than $500,000
Activation and setup of all Wealth Management online platforms and portals for you to access your investment performance at any-time 
Charitable Tax Strategies
Special Needs Planning
Management of all paperwork and signatures to execute the plan 
Regular education sessions including webinars, live events, newsletters, and other publications 






Estate Planning You’ve worked hard over an entire lifetime to generate meaningful wealth.  You deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that every possible action has been taken to decrease taxes and increase what gets passed on for future generations.
Our estate planning solution is designed to work in coordination with our other tax and wealth solutions to maximize the overall impact to your bottom line.
Our estate planning solution includes:

One on one consultation with a certified wealth strategist and guidance from one of our Certified Tax Masters
A confidential conversation regarding your needs and priorities
A complete and easy to understand review of various options related to tax minimization strategies, trusts, wills, charities, beneficiaries, business continuity, gifts, insurance, and other concerns
Help structuring and implementing a holistic estate plan
Introduction to trusted partners for legal assistance
Direct and active integration with your broader wealth and tax management strategies

While this solution is primarily designed to assist our active tax, wealth, and business solution clients, we are also glad to offer this service broadly based on a standard financial advisory fee.





Risk Management Minimizing risk is a critical part of any well-crafted financial plan.  Because we are an independent financial advisory firm we can objectively help you manage the complexity of the insurance industry to ensure you get the maximum amount of benefits at the best price.
Our offering includes:

A personalized risk assessment that takes into account your lifestyle, personal needs, and broader wealth strategy
A custom analysis of the best products in the overall marketplace that meets your personal criteria
Our experienced staff will provide assistance reviewing and negotiating plans from different providers to ensure you get the most benefits at the lowest cost
Management of all the appropriate paperwork
Ongoing reviews to continually ensure you are getting the best value
Personal assistance should your needs change






FINANCIAL GRAVITY IS A REGISTERED INVESTMENT ADVISER. INFORMATION PRESENTED IS FOR EDUCATONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT INTEND TO MAKE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION FOR THE SALE OR PURCHASE OF ANY SPECIFIC SECURITIES PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR INVESTMENT STRATEGY. INVESTMENTS INVOLVE RISK AND UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED, ARE NOT GUARANTEED. BE SURE TO FIRST CONSULT WITH A QUALIFIED FINANCIAL ADVISER, TAX PROFESSIONAL, OR ATTORNEY BEFORE IMPLEMENTING ANY STRATEGY OR RECOMMENDATION DISCUSSED HEREIN.








 













 







Blog - Financial Gravity





























  
 






















Call 469-342-9100			






















2017, July
Here are Four Legal, Moral, and Ethical Ways to Write Off Your Home Office
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 49: Marcedes Fuller — America’s Imagepreneur
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 013: Clean Tax Savings Here
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 48: Lindsey Anderson — Facebook and Email Marketing
How to Write Off Medical Expenses
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 012: This is Spinal Tax
Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 47: Brian Saemann — Digital Marketing and SEO
Hiring my kid? That sounds sketchy!
Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 011: Does Your Money Need a Passport?
Having an IRA or 401k is NOT a Sufficient Retirement Plan



Categories 
Business

Tax

Wealth


 




Blog


Here are Four Legal, Moral, and Ethical Ways to Write Off Your Home Office


Tax 
                                            07/25/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 It’s not uncommon for entrepreneurs to start conducting business from their home office (at least in the beginning). Not only is it a great way to minimize office space rental costs, but you can also save money on commuting and dining out (if you can keep your trips to the refrigerator to a minimum, that is.) If you are conducting business at home, you can also write off your home office to reduce your tax liability.
If your accountant has ever told you that a home office deduction will put you at an immediate risk for an audit, please consider hiring a new accountant. Not only is a home office deduction LEGAL, MORAL, and ETHICAL, but there are four different ways (YES, FOUR!) to do it. If writing off your home office was risky, why on earth would the IRS give you four ways to do it?
Here are Four Legal, Moral, and Ethical Ways to Write Off Your Home Office:

1. Depreciation – Don’t do this one; VERY rare when this is best. 
2. 14 -Day rental rule – Rent your house (to yourself even) for 14 days, there is an actual box on your tax return for this one, it says “14 Day Rental” next to it.
3. B.U.P. 1 – Business Use Percentage based on square footage (better for smaller homes)
4. B.U.P. 2 – Business Use Percentage based on number of rooms (better for Texas-sized homes) 

So as you can see, writing off your home office is not only legal, moral, and ethical, but it’s also pretty smart. At Financial Gravity, reducing your tax liability is ALWAYS a green light. 
Want to discover more LEGAL, MORAL, and ETHICAL ways to reduce your tax liability? Download our eBook today. Did we mention that it’s FREE?
*image by Gabriel Beaudry 







Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 49: Marcedes Fuller — America’s Imagepreneur


Tax 
                                            07/24/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Marcedes Fuller is a millennial who is a speaker, life coach, and author. His tagline is ‘America’s Imagepreneur,’ and he helps people understand themselves personally and how this affects their public perception, and correlates to their professional image. He is invested in seeing people move forward and pursue what they believe is their best right now. On this episode, he talks about his own transformation and process, and how this has helped him coach individuals, organizations, and professional associations. Tune in to find out more about why branding isn’t just for brands, but for people too!
Click here for full episode!







Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 013: Clean Tax Savings Here


Tax 
                                            07/20/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 We all know that the makers of the Epipen have increased their prices, and despite being met with widespread outrage, they’re definitely making more profit. So how is it possible that they are making even more in compounding tax benefits?
Key Takeaways:
[:22] Capitalism generally establishes equilibrium prices between knowledgeable buyers and willing sellers.
[:38] Sometimes the equilibrium breaks down and prices soar, particularly in the pharmaceutical industry.
[:51] A parasite drug and the Epipen have both seen extreme price raises.
[2:34] More money for the drug companies doesn’t necessarily mean more money for the IRS.
[4:38] One company made far more in compounding tax benefits than they did in operating profit.
[4:55] Call Financial Gravity when you’re ready to stop wasting money on taxes that you don’t have to pay.
Click here for full episode!







Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 48: Lindsey Anderson — Facebook and Email Marketing


Tax 
                                            07/17/2017 by Julie Suggs 
                                        

 Lindsey Anderson runs Trafficandleads.com, and is an expert at Facebook marketing and email marketing. Lindsey and her husband started off as web developers, but she began asking herself what people were actually lacking — which wasn’t a website; it was traffic to their website, and leads that convert to clients. Tune in to this episode to find out why your business needs Facebook and email marketing, and how you can start getting traffic and leads too!
Click here for full episode!







How to Write Off Medical Expenses


Tax 
                                            07/14/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 With all this talk about the future of healthcare and the medical industry, it can be hard to determine what’s fake news and what’s not. Regardless of your political stance, it’s important that you understand exactly what happens when new health care related tax laws are added, and how you can leverage the available opportunities to write off medical expenses.
The Bad News
When new tax laws are added (like the Affordable Care Act) the government doesn’t care too much if there are any redundancies or conflicts with the existing code, they just pile the new code on top. Sounds like a nightmare, right? 
The Good News
Many people thought the Affordable Care Act would take away their opportunities or their ability to write off medical expenses. That isn’t exactly true. There are still PLENTY of ways for you to write off glasses, braces, massages, acupuncture, and other medical related expenses. 
In Fact, Here Are Four Legal Ways to Write off Medical Expenses:

1. Flex Plans – Use it or lose it 
2. Health Savings Accounts (HSA’s) – Like an IRA, but better, for medical stuff. 
3. A Medical Expense Reimbursement Plan or MERP – This is my favorite, but you can’t always use it. For example, you can’t use one of the MERP types in an S Corp. 
4. An HRA (Health Reimbursement Account) is another commonly used MERP.

 
Though there are other ways to write off medical expenses, these are the most widely known. If you want to learn more about how you can save thousands of dollars a year by writing off your family’s medical expenses, download our free eBook here.

*image by Nathan Anderson







Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 012: This is Spinal Tax


Tax 
                                            07/13/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 The 1984 hit This is Spinal Tap made countless millions. So how did the producers get away with showing a combined income of only $179 across two decades?
Key Takeaways:
[:20] In 1984, the documentary This is Spinal Tap became a big hit.
[1:15] This is Spinal Tap cost $2.5 million to make, but it became a cult classic and made countless millions.
[1:37] The co-creators of the movie reported a combined income of only $179 between 1984-2006. This has sparked a lawsuit.
[2:22] How do the movie producers shield their income?
[3:42] This lawsuit is not the first time that someone has challenged Hollywood’s accounting games.
[4:27] For the most part, the IRS doesn’t care about producers shielding income because someone else will pay.
[4:52] Call Financial Gravity when you’re ready to stop wasting money on taxes that you don’t have to pay.
Click here for full episode!







Financial Gravity Podcast – Episode 47: Brian Saemann — Digital Marketing and SEO


Business 
                                            07/10/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Brian Saemann runs a company called GoBeyond SEO, a company that helps lawyers get new leads and clients with digital marketing. He also heads Digital Agency School, which helps marketers start and grow 6-figure digital marketing agencies. Brian and John discuss digital marketing and SEO, and how understanding consumer psyche lends itself to marketing to produce higher click-through and conversion rates. Tune in to learn more about what you should be focusing on to build up your online presence and grow your business.
Click here for full episode!







Hiring my kid? That sounds sketchy!


Tax 
                                             by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 Let me be frank with you, kids are expensive. Not only are you spending your hard earned money on their bare essentials (Capri Suns, iPads, and hoverboards, OH MY!) but then you also have all the extras like hockey lessons, prom hair, and summer camp tuition. Anyone that tells you that the financial burden goes away once your kid is eighteen, is just plain lying to you. On average, American parents spend $20,000 per year to send one child to college (and another $20,000 paying for their weddings.)
Though your kids may continue to give you a sense of purpose, a reason to wake up in the morning, and an indescribable joy, there is no denying the fact that they are also inadvertently putting a huge dent in your wallet. That’s why I want to encourage you to start thinking of your children as assets instead of expenses (or in other words, I want you to hire your kids.)
 I know what you’re thinking, “Hiring my kids? That sounds sketchy!”
Actually, it’s not at all. As long as you have a written contract, you are paying your “employee” through the payroll (so the IRS gets their fair share), and the money is being deposited into your “employee’s” account, it’s totally legal, moral, and ethical.
Here’s what it looks like: 

1. Pay your kid $6000
2. File a return with the standard deduction of OVER $6000
3. Pay NO tax. (And no, you don’t have to worry about paying their portion of FICA. If you hire your own kid, FICA is waived.)

I couldn’t make this “green light” up if I wanted to! Learn More About the 10 Tax Myths Sabotaging Your Small Business Growth.







Financial Gravity Podcast – TAX TUNE UP 011: Does Your Money Need a Passport?


Tax 
                                            07/06/2017 by Financial Gravity 
                                        

 [:21] What is the solution to economic inequality?
[1:00] New research shows that the rich hide more of their income to avoid taxes.
[2:06] Socialism doesn’t fix the problem.
[3:14] Norway’s wealthiest families keep a third of their money offshore.
[4:05] 95% of people in a recent study did not report the money in their Swiss bank account.
[4:45] The U.S. is considered a tax haven by many foreign countries, and we have many options for saving money on taxes. Call Financial Gravity when you’re ready to start paying less.
Click here for full Episode







Having an IRA or 401k is NOT a Sufficient Retirement Plan


Tax 
                                            07/03/2017 by Nicole Paulus 
                                        

 Again, I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but if you are a small business owner, and you have an IRA (Individual Retirement Account) or a 401k, you don’t actually have a sufficient retirement plan. Let me explain why:
Saving money is good, but not if that means sacrificing your dreams. Not only do conventional retirement accounts (401k, 403b, 457, SEP, SIMPLE, IRA) contain massive hidden fees but they only work if:
1. Taxes don’t go up.
and
2. Your income decreases upon retirement.
Bottom line, taxes will likely go up between now and the time you retire. And you’re likely planning on increasing (or at least maintaining) your current standard of living, not decreasing it.
Believe it or not, there are actually retirement plans out there without Third Party Administrators, confiscatory fees, or discrimination rules. They allow you to defer hundreds of thousands of dollars and even self-compete like a pension, entitling your spouse to the benefit if you die.
If you want to maintain or increase your lifestyle upon retirement, then you’ll need to hire someone who can help you avoid the conventional 401k, 403b, 457, SEP, SIMPLE, IRA in favor of a retirement plan that supports your unique vision of retirement.
Photo by Lotte Meijer on Unsplash







« Previous Posts


 







 













 

"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)"NEW TO THE STREET" Features Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (BGFT), The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and Health E Habitats on Fox Business Network TV Saturday, June 24, 2017MarketwiredJune 23, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareFMW Media Works Corp. announces its upcoming airing for "NEW TO THE STREET," featuring Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments (OTC PINK: BGFT), Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and HealthEHabitats. The show's broadcast is Saturday, June 24, 2017, at 3:30 PM Eastern/12:30 Pacific airing nationwide on Fox Business Network -Potentially, reaching 95 million homes. Check your local cable provider's channel lineup to find Fox Business Network in your area.Click here for high-resolution versionMoreNEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - June 23, 2017) -  FMW Media Works Corp. announces its upcoming airing for "NEW TO THE STREET," featuring Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), Bigfoot Project Investments (OTC PINK: BGFT), Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a The Original Grilled Cheese Truck and HealthEHabitats.The show's broadcast is Saturday, June 24, 2017, at 3:30 PM Eastern/12:30 Pacific airing nationwide on Fox Business Network TV -- Potentially, reaching 95 million homes. Check your local cable provider's channel lineup to find Fox Business Network in your area.Airing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," John Pollock, CEO of Financial Gravity Companies, Inc. (FGCO), discusses how his company's addresses 'why many people are frustrated that their CPA, Insurance Agent, Financial Advisor, and Attorney. These professional service providers are all giving conflicting advice, and no one seems to be looking out for the small business owner.' He further explains how people are left to gather an exceptionally complex set of moving data and then make decisions without the experience or wisdom needed to decipher it all."Financial Gravity Companies, Inc's Fractional Family Office® solves the dizzying array of options by starting with reducing your taxes with the Tax Blueprint® and the Tax Operating System®"Again, returning to the show, Tom Biscardi, CEO of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. keeping our viewers informed on their most recent research expedition in upstate New York, The $1,000,000 Bigfoot Bounty and their plans for the Bigfoot Hotel and museum.Another, first-time appearance on "NEW TO THE STREET," Toomas Niemen, CEO of HealthEHabitas, which is a rapidly growing Indoor "Environmental Wellness Company " specializing in making the indoor quality of life healthier and safer to live, work or play.Also appearing for the first time on "NEW TO THE STREET," Big Cheese, Inc. d/b/a/ The Original Grilled Cheese Truck's Executive team, A.J. Cervantes, Chairman; Al Hodges, CEO and President and Chief Creative Officer and Founder, Dave Danhi. The Grilled Cheese Truck has been a highly successful Southern California operation since 2009, and the brand is now being rolled-out nationally and internationally. The company is currently conducting a Title III Crowdfunding offering to fund its launch on www.flashfunders.com.A.J. Cervantes, whose firm Trilogy Capital, recently acquired the brand, stated, "With numerous awards to its credit and the enormous amount of national and regional publicity the Original Grilled Cheese Truck has received, we believe the time is right to bring this gourmet product to all American cities.""NEW TO THE STREET" just wrapped up its last series taping on June 20, 2017, at their state of the art studio in New York City, New York. This show will feature a variety of clients, both new and old including; DIB Funding, Inc., the creators of DIBCOIN, Agritek Holdings, Inc. (AGTK), CannaSaver, and Live Mana Worldwide LLC."New to the Street" films once a month at its studio in Manhattan, NYC. If you would like your company to be included in the line-up on upcoming Broadcasts of "New to the Street," please contact the office at 631.465-0284 or email adam.becker@newtothestreet.com to reserve your place. It is optimal to have two weeks' notice to get the best results for Clients; the next studio date is 7.20.17. Please don't put off reserving your time as "New to the Street" wants to have adequate time to prepare for your interview, press releases and social media campaign preparations.FMW Media Works Corp. ("New To The Street") is a leading provider of business profiles and special corporate programming. FMW Media Works produces "New To The Street" which paves the way to the latest financial issues, offering a blend of business and financial services news reporting and in-depth interviews relating to new products, economic analysis, and public company profiles. "New To The Street" airs as paid TV programming and airs in the United States reaching potentially 100 million homes, in Canada reaching potentially more than 5.3 million homes and viewed on other select International stations. Visit www.NewToTheStreet.com.Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer:This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "ongoing," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. This press release should be considered in light of all filings of the Company that is contained in the Edgar Archives of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov.Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/6/23/11G141730/Images/FMWNTTS-a88728e7d5598d8e84c334d24f5dfd77.jpgReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read Next‘Fire Ball’ Dutch manufacturer speaks out after Ohio State Fair tragedyFox BusinessEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump's MS-13 crackdown: Why progress may be temporaryFox BusinessCorporate tax rate may end up higher than Trump wants: Rep. Paul RyanFox BusinessThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k












Welcome - Financial Gravity Partner





















































 
 




Recapturing the American Dream…is not a dream!
Help Your Clients Achieve It Modernize Your Financial Advising or Professional Tax PracticeTIMES THEY ARE A CHANGING, AND SO MUST YOUR PRACTICE
FIND OUT HOW If You Get The Taxes Wrong, Nothing Else MattersFIX THIS ISSUE FOR YOUR CLIENTS AND HAVE THEM FOR LIFE
DO IT NOW Marketing Missing the Mark?WE AUTOMATE IT FOR YOU
SEE HOW WE FIX YOUR MARKETING Make Your Practice a Real BusinessBUILD THE PRACTICE YOU’VE ALWAYS WANTED
LEARN HOWYour Clients Wealth Is WantingOur wealth offerings take your Wealth Management capabilities to another level
 PreviousNext123456

Welcome to the Financial Gravity Partner NetworkStop just hoping that SOMEDAY… 
you’ll make a real difference for your clients – you’ll grow your practice – you’ll make money – you’ll not be bored.
We have the answers you’ve only dreamed existed.

LEARN MOREProviding Tax Planning Services to Small Business… Is BIG Business.
Our FREE Training Course will
 show you how to capitalize on
 this opportunity in YOUR Market!

CLICK TO ACCESS YOUR FREE COURSE!  FGCO 0.80 0.00 0.00%

 
We Have Solutions For Financial Advisors and Tax Professionals To Build Superior Practices
Financial AdvisorsWe help Financial Advisors diversify and supercharge their products and services to outpace their competition. Tax ProfessionalsWe help Tax Professionals (CPAs and EAs) diversify and modernize to prepare for rapid industry changes. 
 

The Financial Services Industry Is Changing - FAST!Clients have outgrown traditional offerings and are turning to new alternatives.


Time Is Running Out - You Must Change To Thrive!If you don’t meet client needs, you will lose to those that do. Your viability and profitability require modernization.


You Can‘t Go It Alone - We’ve Got What You Need.Face it – you don’t know where to begin or what to do. We do. Let us help.




Recapture The American Dream
The American Dream is not dead, but it is stalled. It’s your job to recapture it for you and your clients. To do so, you must increase your profits, success, and viability.
Become a Financial Gravity Partner and achieve it all.

  
What are you waiting for?
Everyday you wait is another day wasted. Change is no longer a choice if you want your practice to thrive, and even survive.
Going it alone won’t work. You don’t have the time or resources, or the experience. You know this.
Reach out and let’s talk. We are all stronger together.
Grow your BusinessGrow FasterGrow TaxGrow WealthGrow Insurance
 

3 Program PackagesLow Cost of Entry


31 OfficesNational Presence


16 Statesexpanding fast



    

Member Office Locations Arizona - Florida - Illinois - Indiana - Kentucky - Massachusetts - Maryland - Michigan - North Carolina - Ohio - Pennsylvania - South Carolina - Tennessee - Texas - Virginia - West Virginia

Financial Gravity Headquarters
Other Stuff





 Our Privacy Policy
 Our Terms of Service
























Scroll to top



