
















Lead The Charge With Product Development

















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                Lead The Charge With Product Development            


    By Christina Granville 






Share















































The area of product development is an important one in financial services and it is specifically crucial when it comes to investment management. Determining what asset management fund products will be released, in what countries and at which times are pivotal decisions for any firm. Those in product development are often the ones who make to the final decision on which asset management products their investors will have to choose from and their pricing structure. If you've got your ear to the floor regarding what's new and what could be a big hit, then this may be the career for you.
The Role of Product Development In seeking to launch new products, those in the product development department often search for gaps in the product lines. When a new fund is in the process of being established, those in product development work with the legal and compliance teams to make sure the investment vehicle meets all regulatory and legal requirements. They also work closely with the marketing and sales departments to craft the promotional material for the new investment product. (For more on this process, read On The Record: Communications With The Public.)
The product development team also plays a role in assessing competitors' products. This allows the team to ensure that their firm's products are adequately positioned to compete effectively. As a result of their competitive intelligence, they will often make recommendations when it comes to merging or eliminating funds, and setting the pricing of funds. (Keep reading on this subject in Where do most fund managers get their market information?)
Product Development: What It TakesWhile staffers in product development often have experience in other areas of investment management, entry-level positions do open up from time to time depending on the company. If you are an undergraduate student considering a career in investment management product development, you might want to consider taking courses in economics, accounting, math and marketing. A graduate MBA degree is always looked favorably upon by investment management firms. Even if you don't have an MBA, however, enrolling in the CFA or the CAIA programs may also be helpful.
The Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) program, offered by the CFA Institute, consists of three levels of tests that you can study for independently. Passing all three levels, in addition to gaining four years of eligible work experience and completing a professional conduct statement, will earn you the CFA charter. Because this charter is so hard to earn, it is a highly regarded emblem of knowledge within the investment community. (To read more on obtaining the CFA Charter, see Pass Your CFA Exams The First Time and So, You Want To Earn Your CFA?)
The Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA) program offers a curriculum focused on alternative investments. The specialized CAIA program has two levels of exams that cover hedge fund and private equity investment products as well as real estate, managed futures and commodity products. The CAIA designation is conferred by the Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst Association upon those who complete the program and have at least one year of professional experience. 
Developing Offshore ProductsEither the CFA or the CAIA designations could be of great value within an offshore product development department. Offshore product development focuses on the launch, sale and marketing of funds off the domestic shore of the United States. Legal regulations vary considerably in different countries and offshore product development staffers must work carefully with legal and compliance departments to make certain that the funds are compliant for each country in which they are issued. Sales and marketing approaches must also be tweaked depending upon the country in which the investment vehicle is issued - especially when a particular country has important cultural traits to consider when determining successful marketing and sales strategies. 
Some staffers within product development choose to specialize in offshore marketing due to these compelling challenges. However, when you are first hired with a product development department, you will generally learn the ropes of domestic product marketing - or the practice of developing fund products sold within the confines of the United States - before moving on to offshore investment vehicles. (For related reading, see Pros And Cons Of Offshore Investing.)
What To Expect A day in the life of a product development staffer is varied, complex and incredibly up to date. As with most in the investment fields, those in product development tend to start the day by reading The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times, watching CNBC and financial news shows, and perusing online forums and sites that discuss current financial events and developments.
A member of a product development staff may have an early morning meeting with the legal department in order to go over the prospectus for the launch of a new fund. Right after that meeting, there may be a similar gathering within the compliance department in order to go over compliance issues with that same fund that is due to launch in the near future.
Over lunch, the product development department may informally eat together in order to compare notes and discuss the latest developments on fund launches. The afternoon may bring meetings with the sales and marketing departments in order to discuss another investment vehicle that has recently launched. Topics might be on the collateral required to sell the fund, or briefing the sales force on the best way to position the sale of the fund with potential investors.
Finally, before the staffer heads home that day, he or she may pour over competitor pricing data in order to consider a pricing strategy for a new fund product about to launch. Some of these reports may find their way into the staffer's briefcase to continue to assess over dinner or at home.
Pursuing the Product Development DreamProduct development is a challenging - but ultimately rewarding - career path within an investment management firm. Those in product development have their fingers on the pulse of exciting new fund launches and are integral in developing the strategies behind new products. If you like the idea of being at the center of this storm, you might want to consider a career in product development.
If you're not interested in product development, but would like to still pursue a financial career, see Finding Your Place In The Financial Industry.









  






 











































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy



























Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:38 PM ET
Life Sciences Tools and Services

Company Overview of Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc., a contract research organization, provides drug discovery and development services, post-approval expertise, and compound partnering programs. Its Discovery Sciences segment offers preclinical program design, toxicology consulting, lab services, and technical writing and regulatory submissions, as well as compound collaboration programs. The Development segment provides Phase 1 clinical testing, lab services, and Phases 2 through 4 clinical trial management services (such as study design, investigator recruitment, clinical data management and bio-statistical analysis). The company also offers product launch services and patient and disease registry pr...
Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc., a contract research organization, provides drug discovery and development services, post-approval expertise, and compound partnering programs. Its Discovery Sciences segment offers preclinical program design, toxicology consulting, lab services, and technical writing and regulatory submissions, as well as compound collaboration programs. The Development segment provides Phase 1 clinical testing, lab services, and Phases 2 through 4 clinical trial management services (such as study design, investigator recruitment, clinical data management and bio-statistical analysis). The company also offers product launch services and patient and disease registry programs, and has operations worldwide. Pharmaceutical Product Development, founded in 1985, is headquartered in Wilmington, N.C.


Detailed Description


929 North Front StreetWilmington, NC 28401-3331United StatesFounded in 198511,000 Employees



Phone: 910-251-0081

Fax: 910-762-5820

www.ppdi.com







Key Executives for Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC




Mr. David S. Simmons


      	Chairman & CEO
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Robert P. Hureau


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. William J. Sharbaugh


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Joseph Staneck Ph.D.


      	President of MRL
      








Mr. Peter Wilkinson


      	Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Key Developments

Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Appoints Christopher C. Fikry as Executive Vice President of PPD Laboratories
Jun 27 17
Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC announced it has appointed Christopher C. Fikry, M.D., as executive vice president of PPD Laboratories. PPD has appointed Christopher C. Fikry, M.D., as executive vice president of PPD Laboratories. Fikry joins PPD from Quest Diagnostics, where he served most recently as vice president and general manager for oncology and companion diagnostics. He took on this role after having served as vice president of clinical trials, a role in which he led the company’s central laboratory, biomarker and companion diagnostic services. Previously, Fikry was with Novartis Vaccines and Diagnostics Inc., where he developed a track record of success in a variety of roles, including director of strategic planning, head of U.S. influenza, travel vaccine and meningococcal vaccine franchises and commercial leadership roles, including vice president of U.S. marketing. He began his career as a project leader with The Boston Consulting Group.


Pharmaceutical Product Development Expands Vaccine Development Laboratory
May 18 17
Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC has expanded its vaccine sciences lab in Richmond, Virginia, enhancing its ability to provide capabilities to meet biopharmaceutical clients’ growing research needs. The laboratory expansion continues PPD’s ongoing investments in its Richmond facilities, which also include significant enhancements to its genomics, immunochemistry and automation services in recent years. PPD’s lab operations in Richmond employ nearly 700 people, including Ph.D.-level scientists, analytical laboratory staff and other scientific professionals.


Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Announces Executive Appointments
May 11 17
Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC has added two new leaders in product development, strengthening the global contract research organization’s therapeutic expertise and ability to aid biopharmaceutical clients in delivering life-changing therapies to patients. Stephen Peroutka, M.D., Ph.D., has joined PPD to serve as vice president of global product development and therapeutic area head for neuroscience. Peroutka has served as an advisor and consultant to several biopharmaceutical companies. He previously served as chief medical officer at Semnur Pharmaceuticals and as chief medical officer and executive vice president of NeurogesX Inc. Horacio Plotkin, M.D., FAAP, joined PPD as vice president of global product development in the pediatrics and rare diseases therapeutic area and also serves as medical lead for the Rare Disease and Pediatric Center of Excellence. Plotkin most recently served as global clinical development lead at Shire. Plotkin serves as adjunct associate professor of pediatrics and orthopedic surgery at the University of Nebraska School of Medicine.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10X Genomics, Inc. United States 4G Clinical, Inc. United States AAPharmaSyn LLC United States Abiant, Inc. United States aBioBot, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      April 26, 2017
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 9, 2016
			    
EVIDERA





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC, please visit www.ppdi.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 Job Description of a Product Manager in Financial Services | Chron.com              Skip to main content.  Job Description of a Product Manager in Financial Services  by Harlow Keith        A product manager will often pitch new products or services to potential investors. Keith Brofsky/Photodisc/Getty Images   Related Articles  1 [Financial Services Sector] | Interviewing Tips for the Financial Services Sector 2 [Financial Services Sales] | Job Description of a Financial Services Sales Representative 3 [Credit Manager] | The Role of a Credit Manager in a Bank 4 [Financial Services] | Pros & Cons of a Career in Financial Services    A product manager working in the financial services industry is in charge of developing a strategy to sell a product. This involves planning and assisting in the development, marketing and distribution of a product. Product managers also have to provide a clear plan for their product, outlining goals as well as potential risks, challenges and opportunities. They play a very active role within a company, leading and motivating teams to achieve their desired outcomes.        Educational Requirements Product managers who work in the financial services industry have at least a bachelor’s degree in finance, marketing, business management or another related field of study. Many individuals have a master’s degree in business administration, however. This position requires an extensive knowledge of finance and marketing, so you'll need a strong background in both fields. Many product managers in the financial services industry possess skills in accounting to help them balance budgets. Skills and Experience In order to be a product manager in financial services, you'll need at least five years of experience in a finance or management role, although most employers prefer more. Moreover, you'll need strong teamwork skills and the ability to inspire your fellow team members. Project managers have the necessary time and project management skills in order to complete their projects in a timely manner. Finally, you'll need to be able to use spreadsheets to analyze financial data and predict future costs, revenues and profits. Primary Responsibilities The principal duty of a product manager in financial services is to develop a strategy from inception to completion of a product. You'll have to work with the design and engineering teams to develop the product, the marketing team to effectively market the product and outside vendors to distribute and sell your product. Along the way, you'll have to complete financial analysis to model the product’s cost and potential margin. In addition, you'll be in charge of driving different teams and departments to make sure you achieve all of your initial goals. Additional Duties While developing your product, you'll also have to present your strategy to partners and shareholders. You'll outline how you plan to achieve your objective and lay out the potential risks and opportunities. Product managers in financial services regularly meet with clients about their interests. Furthermore, you may have to pitch your product to third-party vendors. All of these responsibilities will require strong communication skills. You may have to travel often in order to meet with customers and potential clients.              References (2)   KForce: Financial Services Project ManagerBirch Communications: Senior Product Manager   About the Author Harlow Keith has been involved in the human resources sector since 1998. He founded a human resources training company and has written several published articles. Harlow became interested in his field at the tender age of 15 while editing his father's resume.    Photo Credits  Keith Brofsky/Photodisc/Getty Images    Suggest an Article Correction      Related Searches           More Articles    [Product Marketing Consultant] | Job Description for a Product Marketing Consultant    [Product Analyst] | Product Analyst Duties    [Banking Relationship Manager] | Job Description for a Commercial Banking Relationship Manager    [Financial Reporting Manager] | The Job Description of a Financial Reporting Manager          Also Viewed  [Marketing Manager] | How Much Does a Marketing Manager Get Paid? [Product Management] | Product Management Cover Letter [Product Specialist] | Product Specialist Pay Scale [Brand Champion] | Responsibilities & Duties of a Brand Champion [Tips] | Tips For Being a Good Demonstrator [Pay Scale] | Pay Scale for a Marketing Coordinator [Accounts Receivable] | The Manager's Responsibilities for Accounts Receivable            












Meet Our Team











































404-261-2221






















Meet Our Team





Our Advisors





Joseph Owenby
Chief Executive Officer
LPL Principal

Jody has been with Financial Development Corporation (FDC), our predecessor firm, since 1988. Working with his mentor, Dr. Kay Shirley, Jody helped build FDC into one of the top independent financial services practices in the country, and in March 2012 he purchased the firm. Following in Kay’s footsteps, Jody is recognized by LPL Financial with the LPL Financial Executive Council Award 2013, 2014 (awarded to the top 0.018% of LPL’s registered representatives, based on production) and the LPL Chairman’s Council 2012, 2015, 2016 (awarded to the top 0.056% of LPL registered representatives, based on production). Each year, he is invited to sit on the American Funds Chairman’s Advisory Council, an honor given to the top 100 registered representatives in the country based on assets under management.
As a University of Georgia business school graduate, Jody holds the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ designation, as well as series 7, 24 and 63 securities registrations though LPL Financial. He is also licensed for life, accident and sickness insurance, as well as variable insurance products. Jody helps guide his clients through every aspect of their financial lives. LPL Financial, a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and the SIPC, is the largest independent broker/dealer in the nation. (As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2016, based on total revenue.)
Jody and his wife, Lauren, have been married since 1990, and they have two wonderful sons, Cal and Cade. Having travelled the world earlier in their lives together, they are now focused on enjoying outdoor activities and sports with their boys. Jody is an active volunteer with his sons’ Cub Scout pack and sports teams.






Greg Gerhard
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Operating Officer
LPL Registered Administrative Associate
greg.gerhard@lpl.com

Greg joined Financial Development Systems (FDS) in July 2012, and has been in the financial industry since 1997. Prior to joining FDS, Greg served as the Director of Grantmaker Education & Strategic Partnerships at the Southeastern Council of Foundations, and spent nine years with SunTrust bank working with non-profit clients, primarily family and community foundations. Prior to working with institutional clients, Greg worked with Kay Shirley and Jody Owenby at Financial Development Corporation for five years. He received his B.A. from the State University of NY at Oswego.  Greg currently holds 7, 63 and 65 securities registrations though LPL Financial.
Greg currently serves as a board member on The May P. & Francis L. Abreu Charitable Trust (a private family foundation), W. G. Raoul Foundation (a private foundation) and the ToolBank USA Executive Advisory Board.  He previously served on many local and national committees and boards for organizations such as the Foundation Center Library, Council of Foundations, Grantmakers for Effective Organizations, World Literacy Initiative, Atlanta Tool Bank, Ronald McDonald House Charities and the Georgia Humanities Council.
Greg and his wife Lauren have two amazing sons, Brady & Colin. They reside in Decatur, GA.






Linda (Kinsey) Lang
LPL Registered Administrative Associate
linda.lang@lpl.com

Linda joined Financial Development Systems in 2008. Linda’s primary responsibilities include meeting with our clients, providing exceptional client service and she prepares countless correspondence and reports for advisors and clients alike. She often oversees company projects and is a key member of the leadership team.
Linda retired from BellSouth after a successful 32 year career with her final role being Director of Network Operations. Linda has a passion for learning and holds a B.A Mathematics, MBA, Masters Certification in Project Management and completed the Certification Professional Education Program (CFP © ).  Linda currently holds 6 and 63 securities registrations though LPL Financial.
Linda and her husband Ward enjoy spending their leisure time with their grandchildren and traveling. Linda also finds much pleasure in gardening and is a novice 1st mate alongside Ward on their boat. For better or worse, she is also a Florida Gator fan.






Jim Colbourne
Chief Investment Analyst
LPL Registered Administrative Associate
jim.colbourne@lpl.com 

Jim joined Financial Development Systems in 2015, and has been in the financial services industry for over 20 years. Jim assists our advisor when meeting with clients to provide direction and focus to help pursue their goals. Jim also serves as a key member of the leadership team. He began his career in New York City, managing the Customer Service department and the Margin and Risk department at National Discount Brokers. He returned to Atlanta as a Vice President and manager of branch operations at Smith Barney, where he assisted clients with their financial questions and needs. Most recently, Jim worked with retirement plan fiduciaries and participants, helping to prepare and steer them to a comfortable retirement. Jim currently holds 7, 9, 10, 24, 63 and 65 securities registrations though LPL Financial.  He is also licensed for life, accident and sickness insurance.
Jim was raised in Marietta, Ga., and still resides there with his wife Kimberly and their two children, Katie and William. In his spare time, Jim enjoys playing golf, traveling, attending sporting events, and spending time with his family.




Our Staff





Patty Lamb
Office Manager/Client Service Representative
patty.lamb@lpl.com

Patty joined the company in 1996. Prior to that, she worked in the banking industry for over 17 years. A native of Atlanta, she graduated with a BA in Political Science from the University of Georgia. Patty serves as the office manager for Financial Development Systems, LLC and assists with all aspects of client servicing. She is also responsible for processing insurance applications and providing assistance with clients’ insurance policies. She has served on the board of Buckhead Christian Ministry and is a sustaining member of the Atlanta Junior League. She is an active member of her church and most recently served as Chairman of the Finance Committee. Patty and her husband have 2 children ages 24 and 20. In her spare time she enjoys sports, reading and spending time with friends and family.






Andrea Hanks
Administrative Associate
andrea.hanks@lpl.com

Andrea joined the company in 1999. She serves as our CRM Administrator, Website Administrator and Office Technology Administrator. In addition, Andrea provides client service and is responsible for: client distributions, beneficiary changes, name changes, document storage and data retrieval. Andrea Hanks grew up in Auburn, NY, and holds an Associate’s Degree in Telecommunications from Cayuga Community College; Bachelor’s Degree in Communications from Georgia State University and also a Business Technology Certificate from Clayton State University. Andrea has one daughter who is currently in college. Andrea served many years as a volunteer basketball coach. She is a member of her church Bulletin Ministry and volunteers for Our Brother’s Keeper Homeless Ministry. Andrea enjoys sports, travel and family gatherings.






Karen Harmon
Administrative Associate
karenl.harmon@lpl.com

Karen Harmon joined Financial Development Systems in 2005. Karen makes sure that our clients and our team members have everything they need. She oversees our appointment setting and coordinates a myriad of other invaluable functions for our team. She is a 1991 graduate of Gwinnett Technical College, Business Administration. In her spare time she enjoys spending time with her 3 daughters.






Grisel Munive
Administrative Associate
grisel.munive@lplp.com

Grisel Munive joined Financial Development Systems in 2002. She is responsible for working with both new and current clients on account openings, fund transfers and many other account servicing needs. Grisel also provides office management and client hospitality, in addition to working with the firm’s advisors by handling a variety of central administrative functions. She resides in Marietta with her husband, Jose, and their son Anthony. She enjoys spending time with her family.



























































Home










































404-261-2221





























The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.
Learn More


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.
Learn More


Can Election Results Predict the Market?
How do the markets usually react to elections? Was the 2016 election any different?
Learn More


It May Be Time for a Financial Checkup
It’s never a bad time to speak with your financial advisor about changes in your situation.
Learn More

















Building Strategies for your Financial Future
    
At Financial Development Systems, we see uncertainty as opportunity. Our experienced team of advisors will help you construct a financial blueprint to help you pursue future success.
    















Welcome to Financial Development SystemsFrom Our PrincipalDear FDS client:As many of you know, I have worked with Kay Shirley* since March of 1988. From the start, Kay instilled in me the bedrock belief that it is critical to do what is right for your client, not yourself, your firm nor your broker-dealer. My promise to you is to never waiver from that guiding principle. Your best interest will always be the foundation of any recommendations we make to you. While our core philosophy will never change, we will always strive to provide you with more resources, a better client experience, and a portfolio tailored to your needs.We all know that the speed at which information comes at us today can be dizzying. So much so that it is often hard to separate the “wheat from the chaff”. We strive to inform you, in a straight forward manner, about the risks, and potential rewards, the markets may have at any given time. All of us here at FDS are committed to helping you make sound financial decisions in these challenging, and often counter-intuitive, times. In closing, thank you again for trusting us to be your financial partner. Our team is working hard every day toward helping you meet your financial objectives and to continue to earn your trust.Jody Owenby, CFP®LPL Registered Principal  President, Financial Development Services, LLCNewsletter Sign-Up *Kay Shirley is no longer affiliated with LPL Financial.






















































Contact










































404-261-2221






















Contact



greg.gerhard@lpl.com











Financial Development Systems


750 Hammond Drive, NE
Building Two

Atlanta, GA 30328-5537


Phone: 404-261-2221
Fax: 404-531-0239


Mon-Fri: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM 








Have A Question?











Address






Thank you!
Oops!






















































Page Not Found










































404-261-2221






















Page Not Found
Whoops...  Sorry, for some reason the page you are looking for does not exist.  We may have changed the address of the page or the page may no longer be in use.Here are a couple of options to get back on track:If you typed the address in, did you type it correctly?Your best bet is probably to go to the home page and try from there - http://www.financialdevelopmentllc.com/


















































Our Heritage











































404-261-2221






















Our Heritage










Kay R. Shirley,
          
          Ph.D., CFP®
        

Original Founder




Dr. Kay Shirley is the founder of Financial Development Corporation and the career mentor of Jody Owenby. They began working together in 1988 building a business dedicated not only to advising people how to invest their hard-earned money but also teaching them the positives and negatives of different approaches to investing.
      
Dr. Shirley, a former teacher and management consultant, is recognized as having achievements in the financial services arena over many years. Among those recognitions are the August 2010 Registered Rep magazine which lists Dr. Shirley as number 13 out of 100 Top Independent Broker/Dealer Financial Advisors, based on assets under management. In addition, the June 2010 Barron’s magazine lists Dr. Shirley among the Top 100 Women advisors in the nation. In the February 2011 Barron’s magazine listing, Dr. Shirley was #17 among the Top 25 Financial Advisors in Georgia, and the only female on the Georgia list. For every year since 2004 Dr. Shirley and Financial Development Corporation have been listed by Barron’s magazine in their lists of Top Women Financial Advisors and Top Independent Financial Advisors. Factors included in the rankings: assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, client satisfaction, regulatory record, and philanthropic work.
      
She earned her B.S. in Mathematics from Mississippi State University and Ph.D. in Educational Administration and Management from Georgia State University. The author of two books, Dr. Shirley presented on many financial talk shows and often spoke to civic, community and religious groups.
      
Following her stroke in January 2011, Dr. Shirley sold her practice to Jody Owenby, her planned successor. She works exhaustively to recover, and the legacy she left still influences our business.

      Kay Shirley is no longer affiliated with LPL Financial. 
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Financial Development Systems, LLC Value Proposition To Our Clients











































404-261-2221






















Financial Development Systems, LLC Value Proposition To Our Clients








Objective Advice Leads to Trust
We provide our clients with unbiased recommendations to help them pursue their financial goals. Our financial professionals have aligned with independent broker/dealer LPL Financial, as a result, our advisors do not have any proprietary investment products or solutions. We believe this approach helps foster trust and ensures all decisions are made in your best interest.




We Focus on You
We conduct a thorough analysis of your total financial picture, which allows us to assess all of your needs. We work together to define your goals and create a plan to achieve them.




An Investment Management Approach that Mitigates Risk
Understanding your risk tolerance is central to providing you with the right strategies. For decades we have focused our investment management selection on using companies who have a team approach for investing assets. We believe that the team approach to investment management aligns with our commitment to mitigating excessive risk for our clients.




Regular Reviews to Monitor Progress
We regularly conduct a review of your goals to ensure we are making progress towards achieving them. In addition, we periodically conduct audits of your: risk tolerance, beneficiary preferences, insurance coverages/needs, wealth transfer strategy and more.  These periodic reviews ensure we remain on target with your goals.




You Have Access to our Entire Team
Our clients know that our relationship revolves around the team. Our client-centric approach assures our clients that we will never lose site of their goals and that we are always equipped to respond quickly to their needs.




We have a Great Set of Outside Partners Ready to Assist
We pride ourselves on being your financial partner. There may be times when your needs go beyond the scope of our work. We have aligned ourselves with partners in our community who share our values, and to whom we can make a warm introduction. Examples include: tax accountants, mortgage brokers, estate planning attorney's, charitable giving experts and others.




We Have Deep Roots in the Community
Financial Development Systems, LLC, has a long history of supporting the communities in which we and our clients work and live. Our team donates their time, talent and treasure to many community organizations, all of whom are focused on improving the quality of life within our community.


























































Page Not Found










































404-261-2221






















Page Not Found
Whoops...  Sorry, for some reason the page you are looking for does not exist.  We may have changed the address of the page or the page may no longer be in use.Here are a couple of options to get back on track:If you typed the address in, did you type it correctly?Your best bet is probably to go to the home page and try from there - http://www.financialdevelopmentllc.com/





































 




















Product Development | CGAP



























Skip to main content









CGAP: Advancing financial inclusion to improve the lives of the poor













Enter your keywords 





 

 






You are hereHome > Focus Areas > Financial Services > Product Development
Product Development







Focus Areas


Customers
Digital Financial Services
Donors and Investors
Financial Innovation for Smallholder Families
Financial ServicesCredit
Gov. to Person Payments
Insurance
Islamic Products
Payments/Remittances
Product Development
Savings

Global Policy Architecture
Graduation into Sustainable Livelihoods
Impact and Measurement
Protecting Customers
Financial Inclusion



 











 



 



Poor and low income people lead extremely complex financial lives. Portfolios of the Poor vividly shows this by letting us into the homes of 250 families across three countries through financial diaries.This study and subsequent ones showed that finance, currently mostly informal, is useful to fulfill multiple objectives and aspirations. Some are daily, short-term, and mundane—put food on the table or renew stock for petty trading activities. For this, access to finance helps to smooth the often highly irregular income streams of the poor. Another need is to build some resilience to the shocks that life invariably brings, so financial tools that help with risk management, such as insurance, are important. Enabling families to build assets for investment in the home, businesses or human capital is another common use of finance. And access to finance can help foster peace of mind, allowing people to plan for the future.With such a variety of evolving needs over the life of a client, it is clear that one rigid product cannot respond to them all. And yet, with some important exceptions, the main offer of microfinance to date has been microcredit.Developing a broader range of quality, transparent, and affordable financial services—informed by client needs—is an imperative of financial inclusion today. The G-20, national policymakers, providers, and donors all agree that people should have access to: savings, payments, credit, and insurance.Ensuring the availability of a broader range of products is not just good for clients. It can also be good for the financial service providers. Responding to client needs with the right range of products will help ensure that providers can deepen their client relationships, broaden market share, grow responsibly, and reduce their own risk.The need for a diverse range of products is not new, but most providers have taken a long time to move beyond a single, simple credit product. Many financial service providers have built their business model around a credit offering, rather than exploring ways to offer a full set of services that their clients would find useful over time. New ways of thinking about the business case for a diverse offering to low income clients are needed. One study showed that savings can be profitable for microfinance institutions if they make deposit services part of a broader offering.There are at least three core requirements to unleashing innovations in product development.Incentives: Management and boards of directors are often reluctant to invest in research and development when the core business is still growing. Incentives from investors for growth and high returns, often within a short-time frame, can also stymie innovation and risk appetite. Running a business while innovating may be hard, but it is essential for any business to survive.Organizational Capacity: The relative lack of innovation on products is not just an issue of incentive. Capacity is also needed. Integrating systematic ways to listen to and learn from clients to inform product development must be a priority for providers, and it requires management buy-in. Though this can be done in-house, the culture and skills needed to run the current business are often different from the entrepreneurial mindset needed to source and act on client insights. One option is to bring in an outside firm to conduct market research and provide insights and ideas for products. Leveraging the expertise of specialists can bring fresh perspective and be highly effective. Another approach entails establishing product innovation labs or committees within a financial service provider that run as independent entities.Regulatory Environment: Besides the issues of organizational capacity and incentives, new product development can also be greatly affected by local regulations. In some markets, there is either a legal vacuum, high barriers to entry, or express restriction to offering diverse services. For example, in many parts of the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia, microfinance providers are prohibited from mobilizing deposits. For product innovation to flourish, the regulatory environment must allow for, and encourage, the development of new product approaches to financial inclusion.Topic Contact: Tanaya Kilara, Claudia McKayRecommended Reading:Human Centered Design Toolkit (IDEO)Toolkit: Pilot Testing for Savings Products (MicroSave) 


Publications





Financial Services Apps in IndiaAnand RamanGabriel White27 March 2017Smartphone applications offer a powerful tool for financial service providers to offer services to their customers—if done right. CGAP reviewed six smartphone apps currently available in India to find out what design elements are essential to fully deliver on the promise of marrying a financial service with a smartphone interface.
Topics: Customer Research | Digital Financial Services | Payments and Infrastructure | Product DevelopmentCountries: India
Download PDF: 

English (49 pages)

Read More » 


India’s Push for Financial InclusionLeena Datwani02 February 2017This Brief takes a look at India's financial inclusion effort--the Prime Minister’s Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) program--two years since it launched in August 2014.
Topics: Digital Financial Services | Responsible Finance | Financial Services | Product Development | Financial InclusionCountries: IndiaRead Online:View
Download PDF: 

English (4 pages)

Read More » 


View All »

 


From Our Blog





Can User-Friendly Payment Methods Improve Repayment Rates?17 July 2017Michiel WolversDaniel WaldronWhen PEG Africa piloted more user-friendly mobile payment methods for its pay-as-you-go solar customers, users started paying more often and in significantly higher amounts than other customers.
Topics: CustomersCustomer ResearchDigital Financial ServicesFinancial ServicesProduct DevelopmentFinancial InclusionCountries: Sub-Saharan AfricaGhanaRead more 


Digitizing Agriculture Value Chains: Seasonal Cash Flows19 February 20161 commentSusie Lonie Paul MakinExamining the cash flows of coffee and sugar farmers in Uganda for a CGAP-commissioned project revealed a seasonal cycle that is unsuited to monthly accounting practices. There are many ways that financial services could be designed to assist these farmers.
Topics: CustomersDigital Financial ServicesFinancial Innovation for Smallholder FamiliesFinancial ServicesProduct DevelopmentFinancial InclusionCountries: UgandaRead more 


View All »

 















 



 






















New Product Development for Financial Services
























































 
									













 

















Applications






Industries





Manufacturing






Financial Services





Core Process






High Value Customer Care and Retention






New Product Development




Support Process






Contract Management






Employee Provisioning






Resource and Staffing Management










ActionWorks® Solutions for Financial Services
New Product Development
The new product development process for services industries differs from manufactured goods in more ways than the obvious differences in end products. And for the financial services industry, there are additional challenges beyond the minimal requirements of innovation.

For example, Merrill Lynch altered the competitive landscape of the then heavily regulated banking and securities industries through the innovation of cash management accounts (CMAs). Merrill Lynch saw a market opportunity for integrating all of a customer's assets (i.e., checking, savings, and brokerage) under one umbrella. They created a solution that met customer needs while complying with the complex regulatory standards of the day. Today, many financial services institutions offer CMA services, but only Merrill Lynch reaped the rewards of first mover advantage. Creating offers that change the industry landscape is both an art and a science. Creating and maintaining competitive advantage in today's more challenging conditions requires vision, innovation, and a strong business process management solution.

Companies have discovered many additional opportunities since Merrill's innovation—variable rate mortgages, open end and closed end mutual funds, as well as hedge, venture, and derivative funds—but it's not often that we see inventions of the CMA magnitude, After all, if it were easy, everyone would do it. Having business processes in place that enable you to take advantage of these opportunities and be the first to market is a powerful competitive weapon.
...:: :: :: :: :: ::...
Recently the market has experienced two additional offers poised to change the competitive landscape in the same revolutionary way that Merrill Lynch's CMAs did. The first is by Swiss Reinsurance with ManageReinsurance. Swiss Re's global renewal application is a cross-corporate industry operating system that creates a seamless negotiation process between insurers, Swiss Reinsurance and third party property/casualty experts. It is the first time that complex, multi-party agreements among multiple companies have been brought together into a single unified process. The second is from a subsidiary of Halifax plc, Intelligent Finance for Integrated Assets and Liabilities Management. Intelligent Finance, the fastest growing bank in the United Kingdom, and likely all of Europe, has discovered a way to create additional value for its customers and become a major player in the financial services industry by taking Merrill Lynch's CMA concept to the next level and offering integrated asset and liability management. The bank's solution allows customers to fully use all credits from asset accounts against all debits from liability accounts. Thus, for many Intelligent Finance customers, their monthly interest credits fully pay for their monthly mortgage. 

Swiss Reinsurance's ManageReinsurance and Intelligent Finance's Integrated Assets and Liabilities Management are core processes that are transforming the industry and giving their respective organizations significant competitive advantage. Both are experiencing rapid gains in market share because of their innovations and the processes they use to turn ideas into recurring actions that benefit customers. It's not surprising then, given Action's unique ability to enable companies to manage their complex, high value decision-processes that require negotiation, commitment and flexibility, that both solutions are managed by ActionWorks.

Companies attempt to create competitive advantage in many ways; new product development is one of them. In finance, new product development is the orchestrated effort to invent the new offer, gain regulatory approval, implement the systems, and, finally, establish the business processes that enable a company to deliver this value to its customers—while being faster to market than the competition, and at costs lower than "copycat" firms. While the responsibility for creating new offers may reside with a particular group within a financial services organization, it requires the coordinated effort of nearly every department across the organization (e.g., customers, suppliers, and marketing, legal, analysis, services, and other departments). ActionWorks links the hundreds of people who need to plan, invent, negotiate, and commit new product development process flows seamlessly, from the institution to suppliers and customers, from department to department, and from person to person, while being executed 40 to 60 percent faster than previously. Action's unique abilities to support processes requiring planning, invention, mobilization, and commitment is the reason that dozens of world-class financial services companies use our software to manage their mission-critical processes. 














Print-friendly page      
					







  Copyright Š 1999-2017 Action Technologies Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use  


 


ActionWorks, the Action Technologies business process analysis and redesign methodology, and the Business Interaction Model are protected under US Patents 6,073,109; 6,058,413; 5,734,837; 5,630,069; and 5,208,748









































































































Account Access











































404-261-2221






















Account Access






Account View (LPL)
American Funds Account Access
Life Guard

PLEASE NOTE: The information being provided is strictly as a courtesy. When you link to any of the websites provided here, you are leaving this website. We make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of information provided at these websites. Nor is the company liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues or any consequences arising out of your access to or your use of third-party technologies, websites, information and programs made available through this website. When you access one of these websites, you are leaving our website and assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the websites you are linking to.

 

 

 











































       Financial Products - African Development Bank                                       MenuSearchLanguageEnglishFrançaisSite searchSearch keyword(s): SearchHomeProjects & OperationsFinancial Products         Financial ProductsIn this sectionAs a multilateral development finance institution, the African Development Bank (AfDB) Group seeks to further the social and economic well-being of its regional member countries. To attain this objective, the Bank uses the leverage  afforded by its AAA rating to on-lend to its borrower countries, at favorable terms, resources raised in international capital markets.  Up until 1997, only one loan product, the multi-currency variable rate loan (VLR), was offered by the Bank. The shift to a more dynamic multi-product institution that took place that year was predicated on the desire to increase flexibility and choice.  The Bank’s lending environment was made more responsive to the borrower countries’ varied and evolving needs. With the introduction of single currency loans, borrowers were given the option to choose from a number of currencies readily available to the Bank, including the South African Rand, along with three interest rate bases. Since 2000, the AfDB offers its borrowers flexibility to customize their debt repayment profile with access to annuities, step-up or step-down amortization of principal or bullet repayment. These features enable sophisticated borrowers to profile their loans to fit their specific needs.  Flexibility and freedom of choice, again, are the main thrust of the introduction in 2002 of a range of Risk Management Products including interest rate and currency swaps, caps, collars, commodity hedges and indexed loans enabling borrowers to manage risks occurring during the life of a given loan. These hedging instruments allow borrowers to better manage the financial risks associated with their ADB loans, to access market-based hedging tools using the Bank as an intermediary, and to actively manage their AfDB debt portfolio.  With the introduction of guarantees in 2004, the Bank has opened up a new window of opportunity for borrowers who want to access resources from third-party lenders, including capital markets. Guarantees are also an effective tool for encouraging local currency borrowing.  On 9 December 2009, Board of Directors of the Bank approved several amendments to the menu of the Bank’s financial products. These amendments include the withdrawal of the Variable Rate Loan (VLR) Product for all borrowers, the maintenance of the temporary suspension of the Fixed Spread Loan (FSL) product and the introduction of the Enhanced Variable Spread Loan (EVSL) Product for sovereign guaranteed borrowers.Resources       Latest news  28/07/2017 -  AfDB to invest US$24 billion in agriculture in next 10 years 27/07/2017 -  AfDB President Adesina visits Ghana to strengthen cooperation 25/07/2017 -  Sudan: AfDB Takes the ‘Desert to Power Initiative’ to Sudan           Useful LinksIndependent Review Mechanism (IRM)Integrity and Anti-CorruptionFinancial InformationTrade Finance ProgramInitiatives & Partnerships    Key DocumentsFinancial ProductsProject Appraisal ReportsProject/Programme Completion ReportsLoan and Grant ConditionsProjects Performance Evaluation ReportCompletion Report ReviewsProject EvaluationsLending RatesRisk ManagementProcurement NoticesIntegrity & Anti-Corruption ReportsEnvironmental & Social AssessmentsExchange rates        Subscribe Email alerts E-newsletters Follow on Twitter RSS feeds      MapAfricaProject PortfolioSelected ProjectsProject CycleFinancial ProductsAfrican Development BankAfrican Development FundProcurementFinancial Management           Terms & ConditionsDisclosure and Access to InformationSitemapSearchGlossaryRSS FeedsFacebookTwitterInstagram PhotosFlickr PhotosYoutube VideosRSSEmail© 2017 African Development Bank GroupWeb design agency - Liquid Light        A   Algeria Angola     B   Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi     C   Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of Congo Côte d’Ivoire     D   Djibouti          E   Egypt Eritrea Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia     G   Gabon Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau     K   Kenya     L  Lesotho Liberia Libya          M   Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique     N   Namibia Niger Nigeria     R    Rwanda      S   São Tomé & Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone            Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland     T   Tanzania Togo Tunisia     U   Uganda     Z   Zambia Zimbabwe                   