





















































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide


























































Financial products and financial planning services | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content













Stay on your path to financial confidence with our wide range of offerings.







Products & Services





Financial planning
True financial planning is a comprehensive, ongoing approach that starts with helping you define your dreams, developing a plan to help you get there, then tracking your progress along the way, recommending changes where needed.


Investments
Ameriprise financial advisors give you access to numerous investment options and brokerage account types, so you can build a portfolio designed to help you achieve your financial goals.


Cash, cards & lending
Find the solutions you need to streamline your financial life today and make the most of your cash reserves with investment and cash management accounts, certificates, credit cards, lending and more.


Insurance & annuities
Life can surprise you. So help protect your family and your assets and meet your retirement needs with your choice of products: life, disability income, auto and home and long-term care insurance, as well as annuities for retirement income.


Personal trust services
Ameriprise National Trust Bank provides professional fiduciary services to help ensure the legacy you desire is carried out according to your wishes.















Find answers to your retirement questions
Take the 3-Minute Confident Retirement® check





Calculators & Tools

Net worth calculator
Accelerated debt payoff calculator
IRA rollover evaluator

More tools
























Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee future financial results.
Investment products are not insured by the FDIC, are not deposits or obligations of or guaranteed by a financial institution, involve investment risks, including possible loss of principal, and may fluctuate in value.
Ameriprise National Trust Bank provides personal trust services to clients of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Neither Ameriprise National Trust Bank nor Ameriprise financial advisors are authorized to give legal or tax advice. For specific legal or tax matters, clients should consult with their own legal and/or tax advisors.
Auto and home insurance is underwritten by the following wholly owned subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.: IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company, or in certain states, Ameriprise Insurance Company, De Pere, WI, or other insurance companies for whom Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance Agency is an agent. IDS Property Casualty Insurance Company's California license number is 3726-7. Insurance availability varies state.
Certain annuity and insurance products are issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company, and in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York.
Investment advisory products and services are made available through Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a registered investment adviser.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC.
These companies are all subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.


















mlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">






	The Financial Advisory Group










































Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us

Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us























										Disclosure
									






View our Disclosure (PDF)

























                                                Quick Links






                                                Contact

                                                3335 E. Baseline Road
                                                Gilbert, AZ 85234
                                                Phone: 480.507.2425
                                                Fax: 480.626.0921


 





                                         





                                        © 2017 The Financial Advisory Group | 5599 San Felipe, Suite 900, Houston, TX 77056 | All rights reservedP: 713-627-7660 | F: 713-627-9828 advisors@finadvisors.com |  Disclosure | Privacy
                                                        Policy | Contact Us
















mlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">






	The Financial Advisory Group










































Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us

Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us


































										Forms
									












 ADV Part 2A - Brochure
 

Initial Meeting Questionnaire
 
 Privacy Policy
 
 Disclosure
 
















														 
													








With the free Adobe® Acrobat® Reader® software, you can view
																			and print Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) files. If you do not already have
																			Microsoft® Word®, Excel® or Power Point® installed on your computer,
																			the viewers enable you to view and print Word documents, Excel spreadsheets and
																			Power Point presentations. If you already have Word, Excel or Power Point installed
																			on your computer, you do not need to download these viewers. To download any of
																			these free programs, click a link below.





Adobe
																		Acrobat Reader



Microsoft
																		Excel Viewer





Microsoft
																		Word Viewer



Microsoft
																		PowerPoint Viewer























  















                                                Quick Links






                                                Contact

                                                3335 E. Baseline Road
                                                Gilbert, AZ 85234
                                                Phone: 480.507.2425
                                                Fax: 480.626.0921


 





                                         





                                        © 2017 The Financial Advisory Group | 5599 San Felipe, Suite 900, Houston, TX 77056 | All rights reservedP: 713-627-7660 | F: 713-627-9828 advisors@finadvisors.com |  Disclosure | Privacy
                                                        Policy | Contact Us



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Atlas Financial Advisory Group, LLC – Sarasota, FL















































941.966.0234


Visit our office
 









 














Access ourRetirement Kit 






 











Do Not Fill This Out





 
 
 





 
 
  










We work closely with our clients to understand their unique objectives and deliver solutions that address risk management, capital appreciation and performance evaluation.
 
 
 









 




Services We Offer

 
 
 







 




Attend A Seminar

 
 
 







 




Request A Consultation

 
 
  










We have a single focus -always doing what is best for each individual client.We work closely with our clients to understand their unique objectives and then deliver solutions that address risk management, capital appreciation and performance evaluation.Since 2002, Atlas Financial Advisory Group, Inc. has been working with friends and neighbors throughout Southwest Florida to help them work toward their financial goals through the use of insurance and investment products. We are rooted in the community and have developed our business by creating close, personal relationships with our clients. When you have financial concerns, we want to help you address them.Market fluctuations and economic uncertainty can present challenges for your financial strategy, and it may take more than just market performance to provide you with the confidence you deserve for your financial future. That’s why we are committed to earning your trust, thoroughly understanding your goals and dreams, and helping you feel confident in your financial strategies.With Atlas Financial Advisory Group, helping you meet your financial needs is our first priority. It’s our responsibility to evaluate and assess your financial situation and only make recommendations that are in your best interest, and we do so with integrity and transparency. Our experienced professionals are not just knowledgeable about finances, we also understand the importance of priorities, family and confidence in your financial future.Contact us at info@atlasfinancialadvisorygroup.com or call us at 941.966.0234 to schedule a time to discuss your financial situation and the potential role of insurance or investments in your financial strategy. 
 
 











Fred Atlas, IAR Founder + President 
Fred is an Investment Adviser Representative and Insurance Professional with over 15 years of experience in the financial industry. Fred chose to become an independent agent after working for several major financial companies. He wanted to be free to provide his clients with the financial tools and services to match their particular needs.

LEARN MORE ABOUT US

 

 
 
  

 

















mlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">






	The Financial Advisory Group










































Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us

Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us


































										Our Team
									









 

Steve Estrin, MBAChairman
 
Steven A. Estrin serves as the Chairman and has over 30 years of investment management and financial planning experience. Steve is an active member and the Past- President and Chairman of the South Region of the National Association of Personal Financial Advisors ("NAPFA"), the only self regulatory Fee-Only© financial planning organization. Steve holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Texas.
 






Richard J. Alphonso, JD, CPA/PFS, CGMA, M.S.T., AEP®Chief Executive Officer
Richard (“Rick”) J. Alphonso serves as the Chief Executive Officer and has over 25 years of experience in  personal financial planning, estate planning, investment management, taxation, corporate finance, and business consulting. Rick holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and a Master’s Degree in Taxation from the University of New Orleans, as well as a Juris Doctor from Tulane University School of Law. Rick is a certified public accountant (CPA) and an attorney as well as a Personal Financial Specialist (“PFS”) and an Accredited Estate Planner® (AEP®) designee. He is the Past- President and current member of the Board of Directors of the American Academy of Attorney-Certified Public Accountants (AAA-CPA).
The Financial Advisory Group, Inc. is not a CPA firm or a law firm. 
 
 





Darryl Nelson
President Chief Operating Officer 
 
Darryl Nelson serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer.  He has over 25 years of experience delivering wealth management solutions to high net worth individuals. Prior to joining the firm, Darryl worked with several national advisory firms as a client relationship manager.  Darryl has a particular interest and experience with qualified pension plans.
 






Steven J. Rife, CFA, CFP® Chief Investment Officer
Steven Rife serves as the Chief Investment Officer. He graduated from Louisiana State University with a Bachelor of Science in Finance and is a CFA® charter holder.  Prior to joining the firm, Steven has experience working in commercial banking, insurance, and tax preparation.
 






Thomas Sartor Investment Management Associate 
Thomas Sartor is an Investment Management Associate and Financial Analyst. He graduated from Louisiana State University, completing a Master of Science degree in Finance in addition to a Bachelor of Science in Finance. Thomas is a 2017 Level III candidate in the CFA® program*. 
 





Connie Alphonso
Vice PresidentChief Administrative Officer

Connie Alphonso serves as Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer.  She oversees the internal administrative operations of the firm.  Connie has over 20 years of experience in client administration services.
 





Juan D. Martinez, CPATax Director Chief Compliance Officer Juan Martinez serves as the Chief Compliance Officer and Tax Director. He has over 10 years of experience providing accounting and tax services to individuals and closely held businesses. Juan graduated from the University of Houston Downtown with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant. Prior to becoming a CPA, Juan worked as a technology professional for several years. 
The Financial Advisory Group, Inc. is not a CPA firm or a law firm.
 





Chris Kolenda, JD, CPA, MBA
Tax Counsel  
 
Chris Kolenda serves as a Financial and Tax Specialist. He has over 20 years of experience in the financial services and chemical industries. Chris is a magna cum laude graduate of the University of Houston Law Center, with a concentration in taxation. He also has a Master of Business Administration from Rice University and a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley.
 
The Financial Advisory Group, Inc. is not a CPA firm or a law firm. 
 

 
 





Jessica ZhangTax Services Associate 
 
Jessica Zhang is a Tax Services Associate and works closely with the investment management and financial planning teams to provide client services. Jessica graduated from Baylor University with a Bachelors of Business Administration in Accounting. Prior to joining the firm, Jessica provided tax preparation services for a public accounting firm.  She also has prior experience in financial planning and client services. Jessica is currently working toward fulfilling the educational requirements to sit for the CPA exam.
 





Nathan Bowen CFP®, MS 
Chief Planning Officer  
 
Nate Bowen serves as the Chief Planning Officer and works with the the financial planning team to develop long-range strategic plans for our clients. Nate graduated from Texas Tech University, completing a Master of Science degree in Personal Financial Planning and is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ practitioner. Nate brings several years of experience to our team, formerly having worked for a nationally recognized retirement planning firm. 
 
 
 





Austin Leavitt
Associate  
Austin Leavitt is a financial planning associate. He earned a Master of Science degree in Personal Financial Planning from Texas Tech University, with a Master's certificate in Charitable Planning.  Austin graduated from Utah Valley University with a double major in Business and Finance and a minor in Economics.  He has experience working with software and technology related to the medical billing industry. Austin is currently working towards the designation of Certified Financial Planner, CFP®.
 
 



 

Matthew T. Johnson, MS
Associate Financial Planner
Matthew Johnson is a financial planning associate. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management and a Master’s Degree in Personal Financial Planning from Texas Tech University. Matthew is currently working towards the designation of Certified Financial Planner, CFP ®. 
 
 



 

Sylvia Lopez
Senior Executive Assistant 
 
Sylvia Lopez has over 10 years of experience providing administrative support services for the firm.  She works directly with each team as an administrative liaison to coordinate and support the operational functions of the various team disciplines, including financial planning, investment management, and tax.
  






Teisha Rogers
Client Service Associate 
 
Teisha Rogers is a Client Service Associate with over 10 years experience working in the financial services industry. The majority of that time was spent delivering operational and client facing administrative services and responsibilities. She is excellent at providing timely and friendly follow up to various work flow processes for both clients and her colleagues.
* “CFA Program” is the Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) study and examination program developed and administered by CFA Institute.
Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP®,CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and federally registered CFP (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board’s initial and ongoing certification requirements.






























                                                Quick Links






                                                Contact

                                                3335 E. Baseline Road
                                                Gilbert, AZ 85234
                                                Phone: 480.507.2425
                                                Fax: 480.626.0921


 





                                         





                                        © 2017 The Financial Advisory Group | 5599 San Felipe, Suite 900, Houston, TX 77056 | All rights reservedP: 713-627-7660 | F: 713-627-9828 advisors@finadvisors.com |  Disclosure | Privacy
                                                        Policy | Contact Us
















mlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">






	The Financial Advisory Group










































Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us

Home|Services|Our Team|Investment News|Forms|Contact Us







































 
		                

















             © 2017 The Financial Advisory Group | 5599 San Felipe, Suite 900, Houston, TX 77056 | All rights reserved
             P: 713-627-7660 | F: 713-627-9828 | advisors@finadvisors.com | Disclosure | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Home



















 



























                                                Quick Links






                                                Contact

                                                3335 E. Baseline Road
                                                Gilbert, AZ 85234
                                                Phone: 480.507.2425
                                                Fax: 480.626.0921


 





                                         





                                        © 2017 The Financial Advisory Group | 5599 San Felipe, Suite 900, Houston, TX 77056 | All rights reservedP: 713-627-7660 | F: 713-627-9828 advisors@finadvisors.com |  Disclosure | Privacy
                                                        Policy | Contact Us



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Products and Platforms

























Fee Schedules
Disclosures
Log In




































Menu







Why Choose LPL Financial


Establishing Your Business


Managing Your Business


Growing Your Business















ClientWorks
On demand access to client information, document storage, and practice management resources.


GO







Account View
Account View provides you secure access to your accounts from any device, anytime, anywhere.


GO







eRegistration Kit
Start your due diligence by filling out our completely confidential, non-binding Advisor Profile. Our Business Development team will follow up to discuss with you.


GO
















LPL Financial 
Join LPL 
Managing Your Business 
Products and Platforms















                           
								Products and Platforms
                           
                        

                            
                               	 To address variation in clients' needs, LPL Financial offers access to a broad range of nonproprietary products and tailored investment platforms for financial advisors. With support from expert consultants and an array of advisor tools, you'll be equipped to provide in-depth asset management for every investor.
       						 
                        








Submit Your Profile
Find Your Recruiter








Advisory Platforms and Tools






Advisory Platforms and Tools

Multiple private wealth management platforms and advisory platform tools keep your business running efficiently without sacrificing client service. With support from expert consultants and an array of advisor tools, you’ll be equipped to provide in-depth asset management for every investor.


                        LEARN MORE











Products




From financial services to financial planning, offering access to a broad range of products and solutions allows you to serve your clients and grow your practice. With LPL Financial, you can provide the choice and objectivity that will help your clients work toward their financial goals.


                        LEARN MORE

















Alternative Investments
LPL Financial offers a range of products designed for formulating, supporting, or supplementing specific strategies to address clients’ expectations.

LEARN MORE





Annuities
LPL offers you access to a broad scope of investments from more than 40 annuity companies.

LEARN MORE





Cash and Banking Services
LPL Financial offers access to cash and working capital management, banking services, and credit card solutions.

LEARN MORE





Equities
The LPL Research team equips you with the latest equity investment insights and expert advice so you can make more informed decisions. 

LEARN MORE





Fixed Income
You can offer clients access to a full range of competitively priced taxable and tax-advantaged fixed income products through LPL.

LEARN MORE





Insurance
With LPL Financial, you have access to a suite of insurance solutions through our full-service, in-house insurance agency. 

LEARN MORE





Mutual Funds & ETPs
LPL offers a comprehensive selection of both mutual funds and ETPs, along with the robust technology needed to fully support all transactions.

LEARN MORE















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Financial Services - Capital Financial Advisory Group









































































Facebook


Facebook




Google+


Google+




LinkedIn


LinkedIn




YouTube


YouTube




Vimeo


Vimeo

Call Us Today: (919) 657-4201






Your Guide to Security in Retirement





Our Approach
At Capital Financial Advisory Group, we always begin with a customized planning analysis, reviewing all aspects of a clients financial situation including savings, income, investments, IRAs, 401(k)’s, 403(b)’s, bills, taxes, fees, risks, family and more. Then we determine the best course of action to maximize your current income and future earning potential.
As the world has become more complex, so have our financial lives
Many of the people that seek financial help do so because there are too many choices today, and the information that is available is overwhelming. Let Capital Financial & Insurance, LLC help!
We are a completely independent firm, assisting those who are retired or looking to retire soon with financial clarity and tax planning. First and foremost, we listen. We meet with our clients to understand their present and future needs.
Personalized long-term relationships with a strong emphasis on client education
Over the years, we have made a real difference in many people’s lives. Our clients have told us that they now feel in control, and finally have added peace of mind regarding their improved financial situation.
Whether you’re exploring retirement for the first time, looking for a second opinion, or are simply unhappy with your current financial situation, give us a call. Capital Financial & Insurance is an independent firm, specializing in helping individuals preserve and grow their retirement accounts while implementing advanced tax and estate planning strategies.





PLANNING
We use your personal planning analysis to develop a customized program suited to your unique financial situation.





STRATEGY
We develop strategies for growing your current income and maximizing your future earning potential, while protecting to minimize undue loss along the way.





RESULTS
We update and recalibrate your personal planning analysis on a regular basis, to make sure you are on track and continually moving towards your financial goals.






Our Philosophy
Our simple philosophy will help you to accumulate wealth while protecting your assests and planning for a healthy retirement.









Ask Coach
Coach Pete answers viewer/listener emails and questions as often
as he can. He was asked to share some wisdom on annuities.





Core Services
You’ve worked hard to build your future—now we work hard to help protect it. With diversified portfolios, we help guard your hard-earned assets to build the retirement you’ve always dreamed of.


 ANNUITIESIdentifying the right annuities to best serve your financial needs and ensure a steady income stream in retirement. (Based on the claims paying ability of the insurance company)CLIENT EDUCATIONWe believe in educating our clients, to help guide them through the many complexities of today’s financial environment. We help bring peace of mind to our client’s future financial decisions.ESTATE PLANNINGCombining careful planning with the appropriate legal protections at your disposal to maximize the value of your estate and minimize taxes and other undue expenses.
 INSURANCEDeveloping cost effective options for insurance that can manage risk and offset expenses levied upon your estate after you are gone. TAX PLANNING & MINIMIZATIONEffectively managing and offsetting taxes and other expenses to maximize the return on your income and investments.BUSINESS CONSULTINGProviding counsel, strategy and support to maximize the return on your investment and efficiently manage your business.CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTINGPartnering with tax planning professionals where needed to maximize income while minimizing tax liability.


Important information: Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC provides general information on this website, not individually targeted personalized advice. Advice from Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC found on this site does not take into account any investor’s particular investment objectives, financial situation and personal needs. Investors should assess for themselves whether the advice is appropriate to their individual investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs before making any investment decision on the basis of such general advice. Investors can make their own assessment of the advice or seek the assistance of a professional adviser with Capital Financial Advisory Group LLC.
Investing entails some degree of risk. Investors should inform themselves of the risks involved before engaging in any investment. Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC endeavors to ensure accuracy and reliability of the information provided but does not accept any liability whatsoever, whether in tort or contract or otherwise, for any loss or damage arising from the use of Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC data and systems. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Information and advice provided here is not an offer to buy or sell securities.  Before commencing an investment program we recommend you seek independent professional legal, tax and investment advice as to whether it is suitable for your particular needs and circumstances. Failure to seek detailed professional, personally tailored advice prior to acting could lead to you acting contrary to your own best interests and could lead to losses of capital. The information received by subscribers is for their personal use. Investing involves a great deal of risk, including the loss of all or a portion of your investment, as well as emotional distress. Nothing contained herein should be construed as a warranty of investment results. All risks, losses and costs associated with investing, including total loss of principal, are your responsibility. All information provided or contained in this Web site is the property of Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC, and should not be reproduced, copied, redistributed, transferred, or sold without the prior written consent of Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC. All rights reserved.
Before deciding on an annuity, you should consider your income needs, risk tolerance and investment objectives. Capital Financial Advisory Group, LLC can help you decide if annuities are a suitable investment and can help you pick the correct annuity. Guarantees are subject to the claims paying ability of the annuity provider. They do not apply to the investment performance or safety of the underlying investment options. Please note any annuity is not a deposit, not FDIC or NCUSIF insured, not guaranteed by Capital Financial, not insured by any federal government agency and could lose value.


Call (919) 657-4201 or click to schedule your free financial consultation.Schedule Free Consultation







Menu


 



























Money Jungle














The pages on this web site use frames, but your browser doesn't support
  them.
Information about this web site can be found at main.htm









 


Indexed Interest Potential | Jones Financial Advisory Group














































 


























 HOME | ABOUT | CONTACT US


Call Today (214) 360-9806
 











                                    Indexed Interest Potential                                












Another advantage of a fixed index annuity is the opportunity to accumulate interest based on changes in an external index.
Some FIAs offer you a choice of indexes rather than just one. In addition to choosing your indexes, you can also determine what portion of your annuity’s value will be based on each index chosen.
Although an external market index or indexes may affect your contract values, the contract does not directly participate in any stock or equity or bond investments. You are not buying shares of any stock or index fund.
FIA’s Indexed Interest Potential
When you purchase a fixed index annuity, you can allocate its value to one or more chosen indexes. A crediting method is then used (which will be defined later) to track the performance of your index(es). At the end of each contract year, the indexed interest is calculated.
If the result is positive, you will automatically receive indexed interest, subject to a participation rate and a cap or spread (which will also be defined later). That interest is locked in each year and cannot be lost due to index declines at some point in the future.
If the result is negative, nothing happens – and that can be good news! Although you won’t receive any indexed interest for the year, your annuity’s value doesn’t decline.
Factors that influence how a FIA’s indexed interest is calculated
When you purchase your fixed indexed annuity, you can often choose the index(es) to which you allocate your annuity’s value.  You can also choose the crediting method used to track changes in your chosen index(es).  Before discussing those crediting method choices, it’s good to look at some other factors that will affect how your indexed interest is calculated.
Cap:
Some fixed index annuities set a maximum rate of interest (or cap) that the contract can earn in a specified period (usually a month or year). If the chosen index increase exceeds the cap, the cap is used to calculate your interest.
Participation Rate:
In some annuities, a participation rate determines how much of the index increase will be used to calculate your indexed interest. (Participation rates are generally applied after caps, and before a spread.)
Spread:
The indexed interest for some annuities is determined by subtracting a percentage from any gain the index achieves in a specified period. For example, if the annuity has a 4% spread and the index increases 10%, the contract is credited 6% indexed interest.
FIA Crediting Method Choices
No single crediting method consistently delivers the most interest under all market conditions.
A quick definition of some popular crediting method choices is provided below. For a better understanding of how each crediting method works, talk to us and we are happy to provide you with additional information.  Keep in mind that caps, participation rates, and spreads will also enter into the calculation of indexed interest, and may reduce the amount of interest credited.
Annual point-to-point. This method tracks changes in the market index from one contract anniversary to the next and credits interest based on that annual change.
Monthly sum. With this method, individual monthly increases and decreases in the index values are tracked and added up. Their sum helps determine the indexed interest credited to the annuity.
Monthly average. For this method, the individual monthly index values are totaled, and then divided by 12 to find the average. The starting index value is subtracted from the average to determine the amount of positive or negative index change. This amount is divided by the starting value to determine the percentage of interest credited to the annuity.
The Benefits of Automatic Annual Reset
Annual reset is a common FIA feature. At the end of each contract year, your annuity’s index values are automatically reset. This means this year’s ending value becomes next year’s starting value. Annual reset also locks in any interest your contract earned during the year.
 







 
 
 

Featured ARTICLES



One

Educate Yourself
Learn More




Two

Understand the Basics
Learn More




Three

Who's who in a Fixed Index Annuity
Learn More




Four

Understand the Benefits
Learn More




Five

Tax Deferral
Learn More




Six

Indexed Interest Potential
Learn More




Seven

Protection Benefits
Learn More




 
 
 
 









‹
›
×







×






                        Previous
                    

                        Next
                        





 



















 




 


AL JONES BIO | Jones Financial Advisory Group













































 


























 HOME | ABOUT | CONTACT US


Call Today (214) 360-9806
 











                                    AL JONES BIO                                












FEATURED ARTICLES


Al graduated from The University of North Texas with a B.S. degree and after a 10 year stent in retailing, including owning his own retail stores, entered the Financial Services Profession in 1986. Al has served on the Board of Directors of the Chamber of Commerce, Campfire Girls and Rotary Club. He coached basketball and soccer for the Girls Club and served as “Cubmaster” for the local Cub Scout Program.
Al takes pride in helping his clients have the “peace of mind” that comes from enjoying a secure and worry free retirement. He takes the company Motto, Your Retirement Savings Rescue Team, very seriously. He has found that most people spend more time planning their vacations than they do planning their retirement. He helps his clients structure retirement assets to protect against the number one fear of retirees today and that’s the fear of running out of money in retirement. There are many “mine fields” out there that are a threat to enjoying a secure and worry free retirement. Al helps his clients navigate through those “mine fields” without blowing anything up. In retirement planning knowledge is power.
Al and his lovely wife Linda, both native Texans, live on a farm near Dallas. Al has four grown children, Jimmy, a computer programmer in Dallas, Jennifer, a corporate Attorney in Dallas, Jill, a Realtor in Dallas, and Jeff, who finished Medical School at Texas Tech and is living in San Antonio while deciding on his specialization. Besides being a licensed pilot, Al is a published author and also loves to fish. He and Linda are both active in their church.







One

Educate Yourself
Learn More




Two

Understand the Basics
Learn More




Three

Who's who in a Fixed Index Annuity
Learn More




Four

Understand the Benefits
Learn More




Five

Tax Deferral
Learn More




Six

Indexed Interest Potential
Learn More




Seven

Protection Benefits
Learn More







 

 

 
 
 









‹
›
×







×






                        Previous
                    

                        Next
                        





 



















 




 


Protection of Your Principal  | Jones Financial Advisory Group














































 


























 HOME | ABOUT | CONTACT US


Call Today (214) 360-9806
 











                                    Protection of Your Principal                                












Here at Jones Financial Advisory Group we know how hard everyone works to earn money and save money. We don’t want to see anyone lose money because they put their money in a place where they have volatility or risk because of a market downturn.
At Jones Financial Advisory Group we put our clients in a product that will keep their principal and interest protected and they no longer have to worry about whether the market is up or down. No more roller coaster ride up and down year after year only to watch one bad year wipe out half your money.
At Jones Financial Advisory Group we believe everyone should keep some of their money in a place where the principal and interest is protected from loss. If you want some of your hard earned money in a place where the principal and interest is protected, please call us and set a time to meet with one of our representatives and we will be happy to completely explain your alternatives and introduce you to a product we believe might be right for you.

Call (214) 360-9806







 
 
 

Featured ARTICLES



One

Educate Yourself
Learn More




Two

Understand the Basics
Learn More




Three

Who's who in a Fixed Index Annuity
Learn More




Four

Understand the Benefits
Learn More




Five

Tax Deferral
Learn More




Six

Indexed Interest Potential
Learn More




Seven

Protection Benefits
Learn More




 
 
 
 









‹
›
×







×






                        Previous
                    

                        Next
                        





 



















 