

	FINITO Trademark of Ecolab USA Inc.. Serial Number: 85268427 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
FINITO










 
Get FREE email alerts













FINITO  Trademark Information
 Ecolab USA Inc.
Pesticides




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
pesticides    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FINITO trademark by Ecolab USA Inc. 
                                in Saint Paul, MN, 55102.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FINITO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Ecolab USA Inc. of the FINITO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FINITO trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 16, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FINITO by 
                        Ecolab USA Inc., Saint Paul, MN  55102.
                        The USPTO has given the FINITO 
                        trademark serial  number of  85268427.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FINITO is 
                        
                        
                                            EDWARD R. COURTNEY, of 
                                            ECOLAB USA INC.,  370 WABASHA ST N, SAINT PAUL, MN 55102-1349 
                                .
                            The FINITO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FINITO 
                            is Pesticides. 
                            





Word mark:
 FINITO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/6/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: November 6, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85268427


  Filing Date:  
3/16/2011


 Registration Number:  
4238413 


 Registration Date:  
11/6/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Pesticides


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/25/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Ecolab USA Inc.Saint Paul, MN  55102
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


EDWARD R. COURTNEY,
ECOLAB USA INC.
370 WABASHA ST N
SAINT PAUL, MN 55102-1349






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FINITO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/6/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



EDWARD R. COURTNEY,


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FINITO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search finito on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FINITO 




FINITO is providing Pesticides.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Livello Finito Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























livello finito inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Gaming, Lodging & Restaurants
Sub-Industry: Restaurants
Livello Finito Inc was founded in 1997. The company's line of business includes the retail sale of prepared foods and drinks for on-premise consumption.




Corporate Information
Address:

750 Florida Central Pkwy # 100
Longwood, FL 32750
United States


Phone:
1-407-830-5338


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















CorpAxe | Corporate Access, Consumption, Broker Vote


































                        Corporate Access Simplified


                        We aim to aggregate and standardize all sellside marketing events into one platform to provide the buyside a one stop shop for all of their corporate access needs.
                    











Direct Sellside Feeds

                    We work directly with sellside firms to upload their events via our API/XML Upload Tool.  For sellside firms without internal IT resources, we provide a portal to manually enter events which adhere to our rigid standards.
                


Standardization

                    Every event goes through our proprietary validation process which gives us the ability to provide the buyside with events tagged with the appropriate sector, corporates, analyst and experts.
                


Domain Expertise

                    We have a combined 20+ years of experience working on the sellside developing proprietary tools (CRM, Corporate Access Management) to track Resource Allocation.
                


SaaS Model

                    We offer a cloud-based API that can be leveraged to upload or extract data from our platform.  Everything available on our
                    platform is also available via our API for both the buyside and sellside.
                









Company Overview




Finiato Inc.

                    Finiato Inc. was founded in 2014 with the mission to create scalable and innovative solutions for financial services through client-focused collaboration, data-driven decisions and cutting-edge technologies.  The team has been working together for more than five years, and has known each other for over 10 years.  Prior to starting the company, the team has been building a variety of sellside information system solutions for management, sales, trading and research teams globally.
                


CorpAxe

                    Finiato’s inaugural product is a cloud-based, proprietary corporate access system that allows buyside clients to view aggregated sellside marketing calendars in one sortable and filterable web-based, forward-looking events calendar.  CorpAxe allows for customizable options for buyside PMs and Analysts, as well as reporting analytics for management. Additionally, CorpAxe allows our buyside clients to manage conference registrations/deadlines, open requests for access, confirmed meetings and attendees, historical meeting consumption, no shows and cancellations.
                









Company/Team Overview

                    We are an application development team at heart, we have been building workflow tools for the last 8 years and understand the nuances around data, reporting, compliance and aggregation that the buyside and sellside clients require.
                






Ed Byon
CEO & Co-Founder

                        Ed is the co-founder and CEO at Finiato. Prior to Finiato, Ed was a Managing Director at Jefferies LLC
                        where he led a team in architecting its firm-wide proprietary information sharing portal, CRM and Corporate
                        Access Management platform. He was actively involved in collaborating with the Heads of Equity Research,
                        Sales, Trading and Corporate Access to provide technology solutions to their respective businesses and clients. Prior to
                        Jefferies, Ed was the Head of Software Development at Polaris Advisors, a multi-strat hedge fund with $1B AUM.
                        Ed started his career at Oracle and has been architecting new and innovative technology platforms for the last 15 years.
                        Ed earned his Bachelor’s and Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science from MIT.
                        In his spare time, Ed likes to play his ukulele, teach math to inner city youths and arguably watches more college & pro football games
                        than anyone on this planet.
                    











                        Alex Stewart
                    
Global Head of Sales & Strategy

                        Prior to CorpAxe, Alex spent 8 years with JP Morgan (New York) working in Institutional Sales and most recently running the Global Sales Desk. Alex started his career in 2000 with Citigroup (London) working in Sales & Trading before relocating to New York in 2006 where he spent two years as a Product Manager for the Citigroup Research Management team. Alex has a Bachelor’s in Finance from the University of Florida.
                    











                        Christina Barretto 
                    
COO & CFO

                        Christina is the COO and CFO at Finiato. Prior to Finiato, Christina was a Senior Vice President at Jefferies LLC where she led a team in developing and implementing Fixed Income client management and business management initiatives.  She was actively involved in collaborating with the Heads of Fixed Income Sales and Trading desks to identify cross-sell opportunities within the firm as well as liaise with the support teams in executing cross-functional projects across the organization.  Prior to Jefferies, Christina was at Barclays Capital in the Fixed Income Client Strategy group. Christina began her career at Lehman Brothers in 2003 as an analyst in the Residential Mortgage Securitization Banking group. Christina graduated magna cum laude from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 2003 with a BS in Information Technology with a concentration in Finance.   In her spare time, Christina likes to learn about personal finance and is pursuing her CFP certification.
                    











                        Chris Wong
                    
CTO & Co-Founder

                        Chris is the co-founder and CTO at Finiato. Prior to Finiato, Chris was a Senior Vice President at Jefferies LLC
                        where he led a team in developing the firm’s proprietary client relationship management system used by over 4,000
                        employees. He also worked directly with the management teams from Fixed Income and Equity Research developing applications focused on commission management and external research distribution. 
                        Prior to Jefferies, Chris was a senior software engineer at Resolve Technology and has over 12 years
                        experience in various senior technology positions. He graduated from Cornell University with an engineering degree in Computer
                        Science and a concentration in Economics. In his spare time, Chris likes to participate in as many running races as he can
                        and develop mobile applications based on sports trivia and other fun facts.
                    















Contact Us
We would love to hear from you!




Office

                    154 Grand St
                    New York NY 10013
+1.646.846.1822



Sales

                    Interested in a demo or
                    want to learn more about our products?
                

sales@corpaxe.com



Support

                    Have a question or
                    comment about CorpAxe?
                

support@corpaxe.com






Finiato Inc. © 2017










FINITO, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    FINITO, INC.











Company number P94000020675
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 593244715
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 12/22/2004
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/16/1994
        

Principal Address
            2100 GULF BLVD DRIVE, #12, BELLEAIR BEACH, FL, 33786
            


Mailing Address 2100 GULF BLVD DRIVE, #12, BELLEAIR BEACH, FL, 33786
        
FINITO, INC. Principals

Director, President, Secretary
                Flynn Michael P
                 


Address
                2100 GULG BLVD #12, BELLEAIR, FL, 33786
                 







Last Annual Reports

2004 12/20/2004
            

2004 12/20/2004
            

2002 5/16/2002
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name WEINBREN            DON           B (p)
        

Agent Address
                101 E. KENNEDY BLVD., TAMPA, FL, 33602
                

FINITO, INC. Events

1 NAME CHANGE         AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 11/26/2002
            


2 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/19/2003
            


3 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 12/20/2004
            


4 VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION
            

effectiveDate 12/29/2004
            

filedDate 12/22/2004
            

Description
FINITO, INC. has been set up 3/16/1994 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The FINITO, INC. principal adress is 2100 GULF BLVD DRIVE, #12, BELLEAIR BEACH, FL, 33786. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 2100 GULF BLVD DRIVE, #12, BELLEAIR BEACH, FL, 33786. 
The company`s registered agent is WEINBREN            DON           B 101 E. KENNEDY BLVD., TAMPA, FL, 33602.  
The company`s management are Director, President, Secretary - Flynn Michael P. The last significant event in the company history is VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION which is dated by 12/22/2004. This decision is take in action on 12/29/2004.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 12/20/2004.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
FINITO MARBLE & GRANITE, INC
FINITO M&G INC.
FINITOR GROUP LLC.
FINITO STONE CORP.
FINITO TOWING
FINITO TOWING INC.













Livello Finito Inc                                                                                                       - Longwood                                          , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Longwood



Eating Places



Retail - Cajun Restaurant



                            Livello Finito Inc
                                    



 





















L 


Livello Finito Inc                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



750 FLORIDA CENTRAL PKWY # 100 LONGWOOD, FL 32750
Get Directions



(407) 830-5338
 





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $4,046,131.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Retail - Cajun Restaurant
 Contacts Biagio Schiano                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1997 the company has been providing Retail - Cajun Restaurant. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















S&H Fire Products Inc – Firefighting Nozzles, Valves & Accesories







































































 
























Call us: (303) 421-2001  






About Us
Products›

Products ‹ Back Dual Range Nozzles
Constant Flow Nozzles
Break Apart Nozzles
WYE Gated Valves
In-Line Ts
Smoothbore Nozzles
Shut-Off  Valves
Specialty Nozzles
Applicators
Accessories


Buy›

Buy ‹ Back Buy Online
Sales Representatives
Find a Dealer


Contact Us
ENES


 





 



















 




















Break-Apart Attack Nozzle 
		

Break Apart Attack Nozzles are a combination of the pistol grip shut-off valve and either the constant flow or dual range nozzle 
		




 

















 


Find a Dealer

National or international

 











 


Products

View online and get a quote

 











 


Newsletter
Sign up for news and offers

 








Quality Driven
All S&H Products are made in the United States. We follow DLA product standards and we fully guarantee against defects









Versatile
Our products are lightweight for wild land firefighting, and strong enough for the fiercest structure fires









Proven
Field tested in extreme firefighting conditions by federal agencies, large fire districts, and small fire departments
















The VSB Tornado on the News
7NEWS co-anchor Eric Kahnert got a close look at a new patent created by an Arvada company that could save the lives of many.
READ MORE

 















S&H Products Mobile App
Our new App lets you access our catalog wherever you are.
READ MORE

 















S&H Fire Products Catalog
Download the product catalog or call us to order a hard copy
READ MORE

 







 










































