










 


 Elissa Fink - Brand Quarterly    Friday, July 28 2017     Facebook    LinkedIn    Twitter               Elissa FinkElissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Chief Marketing Officer. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development. Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, a firm specializing in marketing information. She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas, TopTier Software, and Claritas, Inc. Elissa also spent time selling advertising for the Wall Street Journal. Elissa holds a B.A. from Santa Clara University and an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California.    Website    Twitter   Getting Full Value From Your Data: Why Marketers Need To Think Big And Act Now Elissa Fink Jul 17 Read MoreDigital MarketingMarketing  Getting Full Value From Your Data: Why Marketers Need To Think Big And Act Now   Elissa Fink Jul 17Marketers have got the message: data matters. Yes, we’re getting data-savvy, but many marketers still aren’t getting the full value out of their data. By now, we’ve all started using data to measure progress, spot opportunities and reach new audiences. The problem is that many marketers are doing so independently or in a silo. But …    Search for:   Upcoming Events eTail East 2017 14 August - 17 August Internal Branding & Employee Experience Conference 23 August - 24 August Content Marketing World 2017 5 September - 8 September View All Events Brand DevelopmentMarketing  Your Brand Is An Avatar: Lessons From How Consumers Identify With Their Favorite Artists   Elissa Fink Jul 27I’m fascinated by younger generations and just how different they are from generations prior. You should be too. Generations Y and Z (Millennials and Centennials) represent a dramatic “C” change where a new genre of “Connected” consumerism is forcing business as usual to cater to an always-on, accidentally narcissistic, empowered, informed, demanding, and counterintuitive generation. …  Read More       3 Ways To Drive Cultural Change For Always-On B2B Influencer Marketing  Elissa Fink Jul 25     4 Steps To Make Customer Centricity A Focus  Elissa Fink Jul 24     Shopper Research Requires An Authentic In-Store Experience  Elissa Fink Jul 21     Making Money From Content Marketing: The Only 10 Ways  Elissa Fink Jul 20     Facebook    LinkedIn    Twitter  MENU  Back  Brand Quarterly Cookies PolicyOur Website uses cookies to improve your experience.  Please visit our Privacy & Cookie Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close                


Elissa Fink: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:07 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Tableau Software, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Elissa   Fink  Chief Marketing Officer, Tableau Software, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 3 different industries.53$1,671,850As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Elissa Fink has been the Chief Marketing Officer of Tableau Software, Inc. since August 2011. Ms. Fink served as Vice President of Marketing at Tableau Software, Inc. from August 2007 to August 2011. Ms. Fink served as Executive Vice President, Marketing and Product Management of IXI Corporation. Ms. Fink served as Executive Vice President, Marketing of Echelon Marketing, a division of IXI Corporation. Ms. Fink joined IXI with over 20 years experience helping companies ... improve their customer acquisition and retention marketing. Ms. Fink held executive positions at Tele Atlas Inc., a worldwide producer of digital map databases and TopTier Software, which was later acquired by SAP. Ms. Fink served as Senior Vice President of Product and Corporate Marketing of Claritas Inc. Ms. Fink had 20 years in data analysis and software marketing, including positions with Tele Atlas, SAP Portals and Nielsen/Claritas. Ms. Fink holds a B.A. in English from Santa Clara University and an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1621 North 34th StreetSeattle, Washington 98103United StatesPhone: 206-633-3400Fax: 206-633-3004
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA University of Southern CaliforniaBA Santa Clara University
Other Affiliations
University of Southern CaliforniaIXI CorporationSanta Clara UniversityEchelon Marketing


Annual Compensation
Salary$325,000Bonus$41,500Total Annual Compensation$366,500
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,276,875All Other Compensation$1,500Exercisable Options$114,614Exercisable Options Value$3,943,581Total Value of Options$3,943,581Total Number of Options$114,614
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$394,975Total Short Term Compensation$366,500Other Long Term Compensation$1,278,375Total Calculated Compensation$1,671,850




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMichael A. Morrison Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDatawatch Corporation$437.5KMichael J. Saylor Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentMicroStrategy Incorporated$1.0Brian G. Conlon Chief Executive Officer & DirectorFirst Derivatives plc$626.0KHannu  Huttunen M.Sc. (Econ.)Chief Executive OfficerBittium Oyj$278.2KDean A. Stoecker Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerAlteryx, Inc.$310.5KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tableau Software, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 

Elissa Fink



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































LinkedIn Marketing Solutions
Marketing Solutions
















dismiss this message


















Elissa Fink

CMO, Tableau Software
 


LinkedIn Profile Link





Elissa Fink

Elissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Chief Marketing Officer. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development. Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, now owned by Equifax. She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas (acquired by TomTom), TopTier Software (acquired by SAP), and Nielsen/Claritas. Elissa also sold national advertising for the Wall Street Journal. She’s a frequent speaker and has spoken at conferences including the DMA, NCDM, PSAMA and others. Elissa is a graduate of Santa Clara University and holds an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California. In 2013, Elissa joined the Board of the Washington Technology Industry Association (WTIA).  Elissa first discovered Tableau late one afternoon at her previous company. Three hours later, she was still “at play” with her data. “After just a few minutes using the product, I was getting answers to questions that were taking my previous company’s programmers weeks to create. It was instantly obvious that Tableau was on a special mission with something unique to offer the world. I just had to be a part of it.”







Sessions






















Insights from the Cutting Edge


Kelly Kyer, Global Marketing Lead, Tech Vertical, LinkedIn Marketing Solutions


Elissa Fink, CMO, Tableau Software


Alicia Dietsch, VP, AT&T Business Marketing Communications


Alison Engel, VP, Global Marketing, LinkedIn Marketing Solutions


A panel of B2B’s best will discuss how top brands are investing in content, programs, nurturing strategies, and the latest marketing technologies to scale growth. Ten years ago marketing automation was just a twinkle in the eye of only the most visionary—now, it’s the price of admission. We’ll ask our panel for their take on the future, where they see the greatest opportunities for disruption, and who they’ll hire to make it all happen. 
















Talent Solutions




Marketing Solutions




Sales Solutions




jobseeker




Home





LinkedIn Corporation © 2017

About
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
User Agreement







































Updated Interview Elissa Fink -VP Tableau Software – DECISION STATS

























































 







Skip to content



DECISION STATS
Better Decisions === Faster Stats

Menu
















Updated Interview Elissa Fink -VP Tableau Software 

Here is an interview with Elissa Fink, VP Marketing of that new wonderful software called Tableau that makes data visualization so nice and easy to learn and work with.

Ajay-  Describe your career journey from high school to over 20 plus years in marketing. What are the various trends that you have seen come and go in marketing.
Elissa-  I studied literature and linguistics in college and didn’t discover analytics until my first job selling advertising for the Wall Street Journal. Oddly enough, the study of linguistics is not that far from decision analytics: they both are about taking a structured view of information and trying to see and understand common patterns. At the Journal, I was completely captivated analyzing and comparing readership data. At the same time, the idea of using computers in marketing was becoming more common. I knew that the intersection of technology and marketing was going to radically change things – how we understand consumers, how we market and sell products, and how we engage with customers. So from that point on, I’ve always been focused on technology and marketing, whether it’s working as a marketer at technology companies or applying technology to marketing problems for other types of companies.  There have been so many interesting trends. Taking a long view, a key trend I’ve noticed is how marketers work to understand, influence and motivate consumer behavior. We’ve moved marketing from where it was primarily unpredictable, qualitative and aimed at talking to mass audiences, where the advertising agency was king. Now it’s a discipline that is more data-driven, quantitative and aimed at conversations with individuals, where the best analytics wins. As with any trend, the pendulum swings far too much to either side causing backlashes but overall, I think we are in a great place now. We are using data-driven analytics to understand consumer behavior. But pure analytics is not the be-all, end-all; good marketing has to rely on understanding human emotions, intuition and gut feel – consumers are far from rational so taking only a rational or analytical view of them will never explain everything we need to know.
Ajay- Do you think technology companies are still predominantly dominated by men . How have you seen diversity evolve over the years. What initiatives has Tableau taken for both hiring and retaining great talent.
Elissa- The thing I love about the technology industry is that its key success metrics – inventing new products that rapidly gain mass adoption in pursuit of making profit – are fairly objective. There’s little subjective nature to the counting of dollars collected selling a product and dollars spent building a product. So if a female can deliver a better product and bigger profits faster and better, then that female is going to get the resources, jobs, power and authority to do exactly that. That’s not to say that the technology industry is gender-blind, race-blind, etc. It isn’t – technology is far from perfect. For example, the industry doesn’t have enough diversity in positions of power. But I think overall, in comparison to a lot of other industries, it’s pretty darn good at giving people with great ideas the opportunities to realize their visions regardless of their backgrounds or characteristics.
At Tableau, we are very serious about bringing in and developing talented people – they are the key to our growth and success. Hiring is our #1 initiative so we’ve spent a lot of time and energy both on finding great candidates and on making Tableau a place that they want to work. This includes things like special recruiting events, employee referral programs, a flexible work environment, fun social events, and the rewards of working for a start-up. Probably our biggest advantage is the company itself – working with people you respect on amazing, cutting-edge products that delight customers and are changing the world is all too rare in the industry but a reality at Tableau. One of our senior software developers put it best when he wrote “The emphasis is on working smarter rather than longer: family and friends are why we work, not the other way around. Tableau is all about happy, energized employees executing at the highest level and delivering a highly usable, high quality, useful product to our customers.” People who want to be at a place like that should check out our openings at http://www.tableausoftware.com/jobs.
 Ajay- What are most notable features in tableau’s latest edition. What are the principal software that competes with Tableau Software products and how would you say Tableau compares with them. 
Elissa- Tableau 6.1 will be out in July and we are really excited about it for 3 reasons.
First, we’re introducing our mobile business intelligence capabilities. Our customers can have Tableau anywhere they need it. When someone creates an interactive dashboard or analytical application with Tableau and it’s viewed on a mobile device, an iPad in particular, the viewer will have a native, touch-optimized experience. No trying to get your fingertips to act like a mouse. And the author didn’t have to create anything special for the iPad; she just creates her analytics the usual way in Tableau. Tableau knows the dashboard is being viewed on an iPad and presents an optimized experience.
Second, we’ve take our in-memory analytics engine up yet another level. Speed and performance are faster and now people can update data incrementally rapidly. Introduced in 6.0, our data engine makes any data fast in just a few clicks. We don’t run out of memory like other applications. So if I build an incredible dashboard on my 8-gig RAM PC and you try to use it on your 2-gig RAM laptop, no problem.
And, third, we’re introducing more features for the international markets – including French and German versions of Tableau Desktop along with more international mapping options.  It’s because we are constantly innovating particularly around user experience that we can compete so well in the market despite our relatively small size. Gartner’s seminal research study about the Business Intelligence market reported a massive market shift earlier this year: for the first time, the ease-of-use of a business intelligence platform was more important than depth of functionality. In other words, functionality that lots of people can actually use is more important than having sophisticated functionality that only specialists can use. Since we focus so heavily on making easy-to-use products that help people rapidly see and understand their data, this is good news for our customers and for us.
Ajay-  Cloud computing is the next big thing with everyone having a cloud version of their software. So how would you run Cloud versions of Tableau Server (say deploying it on an Amazon Ec2  or a private cloud)
Elissa- In addition to the usual benefits espoused about Cloud computing, the thing I love best is that it makes data and information more easily accessible to more people. Easy accessibility and scalability are completely aligned with Tableau’s mission. Our free product Tableau Public and our product for commercial websites Tableau Digital are two Cloud-based products that deliver data and interactive analytics anywhere. People often talk about large business intelligence deployments as having thousands of users. With Tableau Public and Tableau Digital, we literally have millions of users. We’re serving up tens of thousands of visualizations simultaneously – talk about accessibility and scalability!  We have lots of customers connecting to databases in the Cloud and running Tableau Server in the Cloud. It’s actually not complex to set up. In fact, we focus a lot of resources on making installation and deployment easy and fast, whether it’s in the cloud, on premise or what have you. We don’t want people to have spend weeks or months on massive roll-out projects. We want it to be minutes, hours, maybe a day or 2. With the Cloud, we see that people can get started and get results faster and easier than ever before. And that’s what we’re about.
Ajay- Describe some of the latest awards that Tableau has been wining. Also how is Tableau helping universities help address the shortage of Business Intelligence and Big Data professionals.
Elissa-Tableau has been very fortunate. Lately, we’ve been acknowledged by both Gartner and IDC as the fastest growing business intelligence software vendor in the world. In addition, our customers and Tableau have won multiple distinctions including InfoWorld Technology Leadership awards, Inc 500, Deloitte Fast 500, SQL Server Magazine Editors’ Choice and Community Choice awards, Data Hero awards, CODiEs, American Business Awards among others. One area we’re very passionate about is academia, participating with professors, students and universities to help build a new generation of professionals who understand how to use data. Data analysis should not be exclusively for specialists. Everyone should be able to see and understand data, whatever their background. We come from academic roots, having been spun out of a Stanford research project. Consequently, we strongly believe in supporting universities worldwide and offer 2 academic programs. The first is Tableau For Teaching, where any professor can request free term-length licenses of Tableau for academic instruction during his or her courses. And, we offer a low-cost Student Edition of Tableau so that students can choose to use Tableau in any of their courses at any time.
Elissa Fink, VP Marketing,Tableau Software
 
Elissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Vice President of Marketing. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development. Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, now owned by Equifax. She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas (acquired by TomTom), TopTier Software (acquired by SAP), and Nielsen/Claritas. Elissa also sold national advertising for the Wall Street Journal. She’s a frequent speaker and has spoken at conferences including the DMA, the NCDM, Location Intelligence, the AIR National Forum and others. Elissa is a graduate of Santa Clara University and holds an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California.
Elissa first discovered Tableau late one afternoon at her previous company. Three hours later, she was still “at play” with her data. “After just a few minutes using the product, I was getting answers to questions that were taking my company’s programmers weeks to create. It was instantly obvious that Tableau was on a special mission with something unique to offer the world. I just had to be a part of it.”
To know more – read at http://www.tableausoftware.com/
and existing data viz at http://www.tableausoftware.com/learn/gallery






Storm Tracking
Storm seasons: measuring and tracking key indicators





Real Estate Prices
What’s happening with local real estate prices?







Analysis of CRM data
How are sales opportunities shaping up?





Product Survey Analysis
Identify your best performing products








































Product Sales Volatility
Applying user-defined parameters to provide context





Company Performance
Not all tech companies are rocket ships







Economic Indicators
What’s really driving the economy?





Soda Industry Trends
Considering factors and industry influencers






Theta Analysis
The complete orbit along the inside, or around a fixed circle




Severity of Flight Delays
How early do you have to be at the airport?







Sales Forecast
What happens if sales grow but so does customer churn?





Retail Site Analysis
What are the trends for new retail locations?







Degree Popularity
How have student choices changed?





Impact of “Open-ness”
Do patients who disclose their HIV status recover better?







Gasoline Price in the US
Closer look at where gas prices swing in areas of the U.S.





Blue-Hairing
U.S. Census data shows more women of greater age







Exploring Student Data
Where do students come from and how does it affect their grades?





Call Center Statistics
Tracking customer service effectiveness







High School Reading and Math Scores
Comparing national and local test scores





Survey Satisfaction
What factors correlate with high overall satisfaction ratings?











Dot.com Bubble
Fund inflows largely outweighed outflows well after the bubble







Federal Stimulus Cost
Which programs are competing for federal stimulus dollars?





A Decade of Oil Prices
Oil prices and volatility






Tracking Coke’s Stock Price
A classic candlestick chart





Do Commodities Prices Relate to Economic Growth?
How do oil, gold and CPI relate to the GDP growth rate?





 
Please share:GoogleLinkedInFacebookTwitter

Related



 

Author: Ajay Ohri

			http://about.me/ajayohri			
				View all posts by Ajay Ohri			








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 







 
Decisionstats.com by Ajay Ohri is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
 



Upcoming Book  Coming Up in 2016 - Python for R USers 

Blog Stats 
926,883 hits

Books by Ajay Ohri 
  
  

On FB 

On FB

Book on AnalyticsArchives 
July 2017 (6)
June 2017 (3)
May 2017 (4)
March 2017 (1)
February 2017 (2)
January 2017 (2)
December 2016 (3)
November 2016 (7)
September 2016 (7)
August 2016 (12)
July 2016 (12)
June 2016 (8)
May 2016 (11)
April 2016 (5)
March 2016 (22)
February 2016 (6)
January 2016 (4)
December 2015 (27)
November 2015 (19)
October 2015 (44)
September 2015 (18)
August 2015 (28)
July 2015 (13)
June 2015 (6)
May 2015 (9)
April 2015 (9)
March 2015 (11)
February 2015 (5)
January 2015 (8)
December 2014 (9)
November 2014 (10)
October 2014 (3)
September 2014 (5)
August 2014 (5)
July 2014 (14)
June 2014 (21)
May 2014 (10)
April 2014 (14)
March 2014 (15)
February 2014 (11)
January 2014 (4)
December 2013 (16)
November 2013 (19)
October 2013 (23)
September 2013 (12)
August 2013 (14)
July 2013 (9)
June 2013 (8)
May 2013 (15)
April 2013 (16)
March 2013 (8)
February 2013 (16)
January 2013 (18)
December 2012 (7)
November 2012 (8)
October 2012 (10)
September 2012 (1)
August 2012 (26)
July 2012 (31)
June 2012 (12)
May 2012 (10)
April 2012 (12)
March 2012 (27)
February 2012 (31)
January 2012 (26)
December 2011 (27)
November 2011 (40)
October 2011 (32)
September 2011 (29)
August 2011 (30)
July 2011 (30)
June 2011 (33)
May 2011 (50)
April 2011 (51)
March 2011 (31)
February 2011 (38)
January 2011 (36)
December 2010 (35)
November 2010 (77)
October 2010 (73)
September 2010 (65)
August 2010 (19)
July 2010 (14)
June 2010 (11)
May 2010 (20)
April 2010 (18)
March 2010 (8)
February 2010 (10)
January 2010 (42)
December 2009 (38)
November 2009 (60)
October 2009 (41)
September 2009 (45)
August 2009 (37)
July 2009 (21)
June 2009 (28)
May 2009 (49)
April 2009 (29)
March 2009 (39)
February 2009 (34)
January 2009 (42)
December 2008 (18)
November 2008 (37)
October 2008 (20)
September 2008 (52)
August 2008 (62)
July 2008 (42)
June 2008 (16)
May 2008 (10)
April 2008 (20)
March 2008 (15)
February 2008 (30)
January 2008 (20)
December 2007 (13)



This slideshow requires JavaScript.

 


















Post to



Cancel







 








































































































































































































Elissa Fink | Tableau Software









 Skip to main content








 














 









Menu









Back


Products Overview






Tableau Desktop

Analytics anyone can use.

Learn More




Tableau Server

Analytics for organizations.

Learn More




Tableau Online

Cloud analytics for organizations

Learn More




More Tableau Products



Tableau Mobile

Insight on your tablet or phone.



Tableau Public

Publish interactive data on websites.



Embedded Analytics

Read Tableau Desktop files for free.



Pricing

Explore our pricing options.



Vizable

Explore data on an iPad, free.










Back


Solutions Overview






Industries

Explore customer stories, examples, and resources by industry.

Learn More




Activities

Explore customer stories, examples, and resources by capability and department.

Learn More




Technology

Explore customer stories, examples, and resources by data source and technology.

Learn More




More about our solutions



Viz Gallery

See what's possible with Tableau.



Tableau for Enterprise




More Solutions










Back


Learning Overview






Free Training Videos

Learn Tableau with these bite-sized videos.

Learn More




eLearning

Interactive, self-paced learning at scale.

Learn More




Classroom Training

Multi-day courses offered around the world.

Learn More




More Ways to Learn



Live Online Training

One-hour sessions led by a Tableau pro.



Whitepapers

Technology, trends, and tips.



On-Demand Webinars

Learn from experts.



Product Demos

Live, online product walkthroughs.









Back


Community Overview






Forums & User Groups

Share knowledge and ideas with other Tableau users.

Visit the Forums




Partners

Find a partner to help you make the most of Tableau.

Find a Partner




Events

Stay up-to-date with the latest virtual and in-person events.

Learn More




More About Community



Tableau Conference




TC On Tour




Blog










Back


Support Overview






Desktop Support


          Resources for Desktop authors.
        

Learn More




Server Support


          Resources for Server administrators.
        

Learn More




Online Support


          Resources for Tableau in the cloud.
        

Learn More




More Support



Consulting Services

Jump-start your deployment or dashboard.



Customer Portal

Manage your Tableau accounts, product keys, and support cases.



Knowledge Base

Explore technical articles.










Back


About Us






Mission

This matters to us. 

Learn More




Leadership

Our top brass.

Learn More




Newsroom

Extra, extra! Read all about it.

Learn More




More About Our Company



Tableau Foundation

Let's build a better world with data.



Investors

News, events, and investor releases.



Careers

Join our team.



Research











Back




















Back to Blog 



Elissa Fink 











Elissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Chief Marketing Officer. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development.
Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, a firm specializing in marketing information. She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas, TopTier Software, and Claritas, Inc. Elissa also spent time selling advertising for the Wall Street Journal. Elissa holds a B.A. from Santa Clara University and an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California.











Subscribe to our blog



Business E-mail *



SubscribeWe respect your privacy










 

































non-humans click here





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Elissa  Fink - MarketingProfs University




























































 Log In
About 
Help 







 Toggle navigation   
MarketingProfs University


Courses
Workshops
Instructors
Groups
  

 Log In









Log In



Already registered? Please log in to continue.

Email:



Password




 Remember Me
Forgot Password?

 



Cancel
LOG IN















Elissa  Fink





Website
LinkedIn





 
Elissa
Fink is Tableau Software's chief marketing officer. With more than 20 years of
experience helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied
data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business
strategy, product management, and product development. 
 











 
















Marketing 
            learning made 
            simple.


Quick Study Courses Branding
 Campaign Planning
 Channel Marketing I (Marketers)
 Channel Marketing II (Partners)
 Content Marketing
 Customer Relationships
 Customer-Centric Marketing
 Demand/Lead Generation
 Digital Marketing
 E-Commerce
 Email Marketing
 Event Marketing
View all Quick Study Courses Deep Dive Courses B2B Lead Roundup
 Content Marketing Crash Course (2016)
 Email Marketing Master Course
 Marketing Measurement & Analytics
 Marketing Project Management Essentials
 Marketing Technology: Tips, Tools, & Tactics
 Marketing Writing Bootcamp
 Marketing Your Small Business
 Present & Persuade
 Search Marketing School
 Social Media Marketing: The Full Monty
 Upcoming Workshops Content Rules
 Everybody Writes
 Finders Keepers
 Storytelling



Explorer's Path
 View the Explorer's Path Program









COMPANY

Help / Contact Us
Our Instructors
MarketingProfs



TRAINING

Quick Study
Deep Dive
Interactive Training
What people are saying!
Submit a course idea



ENROLL

Individuals
Teams
Enterprise



LEGAL

Privacy
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Trademarks




This site is managed by MarketingProfs, LLC.
         © 2017 MarketingProfs, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
           

      








 






Elissa Fink, Chief Marketing Officer (CMO), Tableau Software


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Elissa Fink



Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)
at
Tableau Software


Location: Seattle, WA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Elissa Fink



Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)
at
Tableau Software


Location: Seattle, WA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Elissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Chief Marketing Officer. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development. Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, now owned by Equifax. She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas (acquired by TomTom), TopTier Software (acquired by SAP), and Nielsen/Claritas. Elissa also sold national advertising for the Wall Street Journal. She’s a frequent speaker and has spoken at conferences including the DMA, the NCDM, Location Intelligence, the AIR National Forum and others. Elissa is a graduate of Santa Clara University and holds an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California.



2

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Business Intelligence and reporting software




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A






























Careers






1


Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Elissa FinkCareer (3)






Aug-2011




Tableau Software



Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)







Aug-2007 to Aug-2011




Tableau Software



Vice President Marketing







Jan-2000 to Jan-2001




Top Tier Inc



Director of Marketing








Competencies










 Edit



Elissa FinkEducation





Add Education


No education has been recorded for Elissa Fink






 Edit
View all 



Elissa FinkAchievements and Recognitions






Sep-2007



Elissa Fink is appointed Vice President Marketing (Sep-2007)


Source: www.tableausoftware.com









 Edit



Elissa FinkLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Elissa Fink









Elissa FinkInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Elissa Fink









Elissa FinkInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Elissa Fink








Elissa FinkRelated People








Colleagues at Tableau Software







Dan Miller

EVP of Worldwide Field Sales, Services and Support
Feb-2017









Adam Selipsky

CEO
Aug-2016









Ellie Fields

Sr. Director, Product Development
May-2016









Leland Wilkinson

Vice President, Statistics
May-2015












View all 



Elissa FinkRecommended Market Profiles (22)








Business Intelligence (BI)

10,000 or More employees
56 companies








Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms (Gartner)

10,000 or More employees
25 companies








Agile BI Platforms (Forrester Wave)

10,000 or More employees
16 companies








Dashboards (ChiefMartec.com)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
34 companies








Visualization (Lumascape)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
7 companies








Data Discovery (Gigaom)

10,000 or More employees
18 companies























Elissa Fink | WTIA




































































































































 










skip to Main Content





 206.448.3033  [email protected]


TwitterFacebookGoogle PlusLinkedInYoutubeRSS
 

















Search


Submit






Elissa Fink Chief Marketing Officer, Tableau Software
 





Elissa Fink is Tableau Software’s Chief Marketing Officer. With 20+ years helping companies improve their marketing operations through applied data analysis, Elissa has held executive positions in marketing, business strategy, product management, and product development. Prior to Tableau, Elissa was EVP Marketing at IXI Corporation, now owned by Equifax.
She has also served in executive positions at Tele Atlas (acquired by TomTom), TopTier Software (acquired by SAP), and Nielsen/Claritas. Elissa also sold national advertising for the Wall Street Journal. She’s a frequent speaker and has spoken at conferences including the DMA, NCDM, PSAMA and others. Elissa is a graduate of Santa Clara University and holds an MBA in Marketing and Decision Systems from the University of Southern California. In 2013, Elissa joined the Board of the Washington Technology Industry Association (WTIA).
Elissa first discovered Tableau late one afternoon at her previous company. Three hours later, she was still “at play” with her data. “After just a few minutes using the product, I was getting answers to questions that were taking my previous company’s programmers weeks to create. It was instantly obvious that Tableau was on a special mission with something unique to offer the world. I just had to be a part of it.”
University of Bulgaria in Microbiology and her MBA from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg.


Related Staff






Managing Director, Voyager Capital









Founder and Managing Director, The Ananya Group, LLC









Head of External Affairs, Northwest, Google












Evan Fein Andrew Fry 




Stay in the loop by signing up for tech industry news and local events tailored to your interests, brought to you by WTIA.

KEEP ME POSTED







Copyright 2014 - All Rights Reserved 











Back To Top 
































































