



Anne Finucane | Development Intern



Anne Finucane – Development Intern











































  
ABOUT
SUBMISSIONS
LINKS
ARCHIVE
FEATURED WRITERS

 

Who We Are               

Latest TweetsMy Tweets 

 Recent Posts 

How do you hire?


The spirit of Paris – alive and kicking


“The International Community”


The Internship Grind: An unpaid act one year later


 Top Posts & Pages 

						Course Reviews: Master of Public Policy at the Hertie School of Governance					



						Course Reviews: Development at Tufts University's Fletcher School					



						SUBMISSIONS					

 
 




Email




Twitter




Facebook




Pinterest




Google Plus




LinkedIn






Search


 




Widgets




Connect




Search










Development Intern
Thoughts from the bottom rung of development careers









						Tag Archives: Anne Finucane 





ExperiencesEngaging the Private Sector in the Post-2015 Development Agenda 


Last week the Brookings Institution hosted a very informative panel discussion (you can view it here) on increasing the role of the private sector in the global development agenda. The panel discussion, entitled Partnerships, Corporate Social Responsibility and the New Development Agenda, centred around how to ensure that sustainability and accountability are at the heart of corporate strategy. It also looked at how to engage business on sustainable development and how to mobilize companies to more effectively advance global priorities.
The panel consisted of Anne Finucane (Bank of America), Jane Nelson (Harvard University), Daniella Ballou-Aares (U.S. State Department), Mindy Lubber (Ceres), and Vera Songwe (World Bank). I shall begin by providing a short recap of the discussion and the main themes that emerged, and then conclude with some of the my thoughts on the event.
 Partnerships and the New Development Agenda
In response to growing recognition that the private sector has an important role to play in combating poverty, promoting shared prosperity and enhancing environmental sustainability, policy-makers are working to define a clear role for the private sector in the Post-2015 Development Agenda. While this is a great start, realizing such an ambitious agenda will require that the private sector become a global development leader in its own right. There has never been a greater need for financial innovation and for banks, financial institutions and investors to develop new products, services, technologies, and even new business models so that they can be a part of the solution in driving more inclusive and sustainable growth. Some examples of private sector-led initiatives that contribute to development include new business models that reach lower-income customers, giving them access to basic products and services, and bond issues for public health programs that accelerate research funding and the distribution of vaccines.
Rebuilding Public Trust
In the aftermath of the global financial crisis the private sector is facing a pretty serious public trust deficit. If the private sector is going to play a leadership role in development, they must work to rebuild this trust. Corporations need to demonstrate how they are improving their risk management systems, government processes, accountability and transparency. While it is essential that these corporations address their governance and risk management issues, it is equally important that they look to the future are not paralyzed by the past. Some necessary steps to rebuild trust include engaging in public dialogue with legislators, regulators and consumers, sharing knowledge and best practices, and developing new products and services.
Opportunities for Financial Innovation and New Models of Partnership
Many of the panellists echoed the sentiment that without significant engagement from the private sector we will not achieve a new set of development goals. The private sector has the resources, finance and expertise to face some of the most costly development challenges including climate change and expanding energy access. Without strong functional collaboration between governments, NGOs, stakeholders and the private sector, we cannot hope to mobilize even a fraction of the funds required to address these problems. In addition, the demand for business to provide financial resources and innovative solutions has become even more pronounced due to declining faith in the aid/NGO community to solve these problems. With government resources becoming progressively constrained and the growing demand to demonstrate value for money spent, the need for new models of partnership in development is becoming increasingly clear. The ‘new models of partnership’ discussed by the panellists mostly involved banks, companies and financial institutions coming up with innovative products and services and NGOs helping to develop standards and evaluation tools. One of the panellists stated that over time having sound development expertise will become a fundamental pillar of risk management strategy. In order to protect their investment, companies who operate in developing countries will make more of an effort to understand what and who they are investing in.
What Gets Measured, Gets Managed
In order to encourage greater participation from the private sector, there needs to be a push for more tangible commitments where results can be seen. Having clearly laid out goals and targets is important because what gets measured, gets managed. Currently, one of the only things we have good measurements for are public aid flows and related activities. Panellist Daniella Ballou-Aares stressed that moving forward it will be critical to find ways to measure the value and impact of the private sector activities.
Final Remarks
While I agreed with many of the points that the panellists made, I found the discussion a little too hypothetical for my taste. Although the panellists expressed a sense of urgency to enhance the role of the private sector in development, there wasn’t much of a discussion surrounding the logistics of how a partnership between development actors and the private sector could be achieved. The discussion also focused more on how a partnership with the private sector could help the international community to achieve their development and sustainability goals, without really a exploring how private sector-led development initiatives could help to improve (or harm) the lives of individuals and communities in developing countries. The discussion left me with more questions than answers: What kind of incentives will it take to encourage the private sector to step up to a leadership role in development? Is it even reasonable to expect that they will take on a leadership role? What steps can the international development community to take to foster a partnership with the private sector? In which sectors can business make the greatest difference to development outcomes? What are some of the ethical implications of business-led approaches to development?
In my opinion, the highlight of the event was the panellists themselves. I was so pleased to see five dynamic female leaders on the panel and I really enjoyed how they emphasized the importance of women’s economic and social empowerment. The panellists did an excellent job of affirming the necessity of engaging the private sector as a partner in development, and what can be achieved if we are successful in doing so. I believe that the private sector offers many lessons and best practices that could help to improve development impact, and that the development community would have much to gain by working more closely with them. I hope that the international community will move towards formulating a tangible, realistic action plan to realize such a partnership.

0.000000
0.000000
 
Standard

























































































































































Anne Finucane, World Economic Forum Speaker
Anne Finucane, World Economic Forum Speaker















 



We use cookies to improve your experience.  By using our site, you agree that we can place cookies on your device. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.


Ok









  





      all



Choose Your Location



Country Sites




                       		Australia



                       		Austria



                       		Belgium



                       		Brazil



                       		Canada



                       		Chile



                       		China



                       		Colombia



                       		Denmark





                       		Finland



                       		France



                       		Germany



                       		Hong Kong



                       		India



                       		Ireland



                       		Italy



                       		Japan



                       		Latin America





                       		Mexico



                       		Netherlands



                       		New Zealand



                       		Norway



                       		Peru



                       		Poland



                       		Portugal



                       		South Korea



                       		Spain





                       		Sweden



                       		Switzerland



                       		Taiwan



                       		Turkey



                       		United Kingdom



                       		United States



                       		Venezuela




Regional Sites




						Asean



						Global



						Middle East







Global Homepage





























Anne Finucane







Leadership








Leadership Profile

					Anne Finucane
				

                    Vice Chairman, Bank of America                





Career

Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global marketing and communications. Finucane chairs the global ESG Committee at Bank of America, which directs all of the company’s ESG efforts. She stewards Bank of America’s $125 billion environmental business initiative, including its $10 billion Catalytic Finance Initiative to mobilize market capital to deliver new investment into high-impact clean energy projects. She oversees the company’s $1.2 billion Community Development Financial Institution portfolio and helps manage Bank of America's 10-year, $1.5 trillion community development lending and investing goal – the largest of its kind ever established by a U.S. financial institution. She also chairs the Bank of America Charitable Foundation, including its 10-year, $2 billion charitable giving goal.

Active in the community, Finucane serves on both corporate and nonprofit boards of directors including Carnegie Hall, the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, the American Ireland Fund, the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, CVS Health, Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Partners Healthcare, and Special Olympics. She serves on the U.S. State Department’s Foreign Affairs Policy board and also is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Finucane has won numerous professional and public service accolades. Most recently, she was named to Fortune’s Most Powerful Women List and AdWeek’s 2016 Power List: Top 100 Leaders in Marketing, Media & Tech. In 2013, she received the New York Women in Communications Matrix Award, and the International Women’s Media Foundation Leadership Award. She was named 2013 Advertising Woman of the Year by Advertising Women of New York, and American Banker magazine annually names her one of the “25 Most Powerful Women in Banking.” 
 
 
 





Back to Speaker List







 



















 







Anne Finucane named vice chairman in Bank of America shake-up - The Boston Globe





Anne Finucane named vice chairman in Bank of America shake-up - The Boston Globe




















































 
























SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In




SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today


Menu




SubscribeStarting at 99 cents
					

						MembersSign In




Business







Digital Access
99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks
Subscribe
Subscribe



Home Delivery
Save 50% off the regular rate
Subscribe
Subscribe

Already a subscriber? Members Sign In




  









Bank of America names Anne Finucane vice chairwoman
Reshuffling also includes new CFO









E-Mail

Share via e-mail




To



Add a message



Your e-mail







Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn




 Comments



Print



The Boston Globe

Tweet

Share









By Deirdre Fernandes
	Globe Staff 
	July 22, 2015







Anne Finucane, a longtime Boston banking executive, has been promoted to vice chairwoman at  Bank of America Corp. as part of a reshuffling of executives that includes the departure of the chief financial officer.Finucane, 62, credited with helping the nation’s second-largest bank repair its battered image after the recent financial crisis, will take on additional responsibilities and deal more closely with the bank’s largest shareholders, including asset managers and pension funds, on corporate governance issues. The Lincoln resident will continue as chief of global strategy and marketing at the bank, based in Charlotte, N.C.
Advertisement

 
Bruce Thompson will step down after 5½ years as chief risk officer and chief financial officer, Bank of America said.  He will be succeeded by Paul Donofrio, who has been with Bank of America since 1999.Finucane’s promotion further solidifies her position as one of the banking industry’s most powerful women. Like Bank of America’s chief executive and chairman Brian T. Moynihan, Finucane worked for FleetBoston Financial Corp., where she was a trusted adviser to chief executives Terrence Murray and Chad Gifford. Bank of America bought FleetBoston in 2004.



      Get Talking Points in your inbox:
    

        An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays.






Sign Up





    Thank you for signing up!
    Sign up for more newsletters here


In 2009, at a reception attended by Gifford and Murray to celebrate Moynihan’s elevation to Bank of American’s chief executive post, Moynihan  joked, “We know that we all report to Anne.’’
After the financial meltdown and jump in foreclosures, Bank of America came to represent the problems consumers had with the country’s financial institutions, including mounting fees, big executive bonuses, and sloppy foreclosure practices. In 2010, according to Reputation Institute, a New York management firm, Bank of America’s score among consumers was 51.62 out of 100. While the bank’s brand remains in the basement, compared to other financial institutions, its rating rose this year to 66.18. 

Advertisement



 
As part of Finucane’s strategy to rehabilitate Bank of America’s image, the bank’s media campaign has focused on certain products and services such as mobile banking, support for charities, and customer loyalty. The bank has also paid more than $70 billion to settle state and federal complaints related to the financial crisis.The bank is starting to put those settlements behind it and earlier this month reported that profits more than doubled in the second quarter, compared with a year ago. Helped by lower legal expenses, the bank earned $5.3 billion in the last quarter, up from $2.3 billion during the same period in 2014.But Bank of America earlier this year received a warning from the Federal Reserve about the bank’s planning for a financial catastrophe as part of the Fed’s annual stress test of the nation’s largest banks. The Fed asked Bank of America to make improvements and resubmit the plan in September.   Deirdre Fernandes can be reached at deirdre. fernandes@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @fernandesglobe.












Real journalists. Real journalism. 
Subscribe to The Boston Globe today.





















					One free article left.  Subscribe now →


					You have one free article left.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →













					Last free article.  Subscribe now →


					This is your last free article.  Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week.  Subscribe now →











					We hope you've enjoyed your free articles.
				

					Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢.
				

Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home








Wake up with today’s top stories
Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds.
Connect with Facebook
or


Sign up & return to story
Please enter a valid email

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
Close










Thanks for signing up
Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters

Return to your story
Close







 


Subscriber Log In
We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles'
Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢.
Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢



Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source.

High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom
Convenient access across all of your devices
Today’s Headlines daily newsletter
Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more
Less than 25¢ a week

 




 
 







GET FULL ACCESS NOW
GET FULL ACCESS NOW


 






 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 










































About Bank of America | Our team | Anne M. Finucane
































Personal 


Small business 


Wealth management 


Business & institutions 


About us 







   Search Bar 











 
Site Search





 
Menu





Skip to Content

Who we are
+Show Who we are Dropdown

Show Who we are Dropdown


We’re focused on serving our clients to help them live their financial lives.


Our company




																	Our strategy



																	Our businesses



																	Our values



																	Our culture




Our leadership




																	Hear from our CEO




Where we are




																	United States & Canada



																	Asia Pacific



																	Europe, Middle East, & Africa



																	Latin America




History & heritage




																	Our heritage



																	Our roots



																	The rise of an industry



																	The modern era



																	Technology & innovations












											Better Money Habits®
We've partnered with Sal Khan and Khan Academy to give you a simple, self-paced learning experience.....
											
learn  More about Better Money Habits®





											Empowering people with disabilities
Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities...
											
learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities





											Report center
Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving...
											
learn  More about Report center





What guides us
+Show What guides us Dropdown

Show What guides us Dropdown


Making financial lives better through the power of every connection.


Responsible growth
See how our strategy of responsible growth drives every aspect of our business and culture




Making an impact
Investing in people and communities through our business and partnerships



																	Environmental sustainability



																	Driving economic & social progress



																	Enabling financial health




Our business practices
Maintaining a culture of being accountable and responsible



																	Governance



																	Risk management



																	Client focus



																	Vendor management




Our people
Investing in our employees at home and in the workplace so they can better serve our clients



																	Diversity & inclusion



																	Attracting & developing talent 



																	Wellness



																	Recognizing & rewarding performance



																	Volunteerism




Reporting
Providing detailed reports, fact sheets and financial updates about the way we do business



																	GRI Content Index



																	Report center



																	Materiality












											ESG Report
Read about our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance performance in our new repor..
											
learn  More about ESG Report





											Inspiring tomorrow's leaders
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities...
											
learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders





											Report center
Get fact sheets, reports and financial updates, and learn about our lending, investing and giving...
											
learn  More about Report center





Partnering locally
+Show Partnering locally Dropdown

Show Partnering locally Dropdown


What's happening in your community?


United States


Find by State:

Select State


																																												
																							> Alabama


																																												
																							> Alaska


																																												
																							> Arizona


																																												
																							> Arkansas


																																												
																							> California


																																												
																							> Colorado


																																												
																							> Connecticut


																																												
																							> Delaware


																																												
																							> Florida


																																												
																							> Georgia


																																												
																							> Hawaii


																																												
																							> Idaho


																																												
																							> Illinois


																																												
																							> Indiana


																																												
																							> Iowa


																																												
																							> Kansas


																																												
																							> Kentucky


																																												
																							> Louisiana


																																												
																							> Maine


																																												
																							> Maryland


																																												
																							> Massachusetts


																																												
																							> Michigan


																																												
																							> Minnesota


																																												
																							> Mississippi


																																												
																							> Missouri


																																												
																							> Montana


																																												
																							> Nebraska


																																												
																							> Nevada


																																												
																							> New Hampshire


																																												
																							> New Jersey


																																												
																							> New Mexico


																																												
																							> New York


																																												
																							> North Carolina


																																												
																							> North Dakota


																																												
																							> Ohio


																																												
																							> Oklahoma


																																												
																							> Oregon


																																												
																							> Pennsylvania


																																												
																							> Rhode Island


																																												
																							> South Carolina


																																												
																							> South Dakota


																																												
																							> Tennessee


																																												
																							> Texas


																																												
																							> Utah


																																												
																							> Vermont


																																												
																							> Virginia


																																												
																							> Washington


																																												
																							> West Virginia


																																												
																							> Wisconsin


																																												
																							> Wyoming





Featured Metro Areas:

Select Metro Area



																											>
																											Atlanta, GA



																											>
																											Baltimore, MD



																											>
																											Boston, MA



																											>
																											Charlotte, NC



																											>
																											Chicago, IL



																											>
																											Dallas, TX



																											>
																											Detroit, MI



																											>
																											Greater Los Angeles, CA



																											>
																											Greater Washington, D.C.



																											>
																											Houston, TX



																											>
																											New York, NY



																											>
																											Phoenix, AZ



																											>
																											San Diego, CA



																											>
																											San Francisco Bay Area, CA



																											>
																											Seattle, WA



																											>
																											Silicon Valley, CA



																											>
																											South Florida, FL






Global




																					United States & Canada



																					Asia Pacific



																					Europe, Middle East & Africa



																					Latin America



																							VIEW ALL


How we're involved




																					Supporting people with disabilities



																					Investing in women



																					Service members & veterans



																					Student Leaders®



																					Environmental, social and governance performance



																							VIEW ALL


Resources




																					Report center



																					Looking for grants or sponsorships



																					Find a community development financial institution near you












											Supporting those who've served
See how we're helping service members and veterans make the transition to civilian life...
											
learn  More about Supporting those who've served





											Empowering people with disabilities
Through advocacy, employment, and volunteering, we're proud to support people with disabilities...
											
learn  More about Empowering people with disabilities





											Inspiring tomorrow's leaders
Student Leaders® connects teens to summer jobs, service and leadership opportunities...
											
learn  More about Inspiring tomorrow's leaders





Newsroom

Show Newsroom Dropdown


Welcome to Bank of America's Newsroom




Press releases 
Bank of America press releases, searchable by category and year


Press kits 
Comprehensive information on newsworthy subjects






Journalist resources 
Resources for journalists writing stories about Bank of America


Executive biographies
Biographies of Bank of America executives






Awards & recognition 
Awards and recognition Bank of America has received from publications and organizations










Investor relations

Show Investor relations Dropdown


Access Financial Information




Financial information 
Review financial information including our SEC filings, press releases and quarterly earnings


Investor presentations 
Access recent financial presentations delivered to investors


Fixed income information
See credit ratings, information on preferred stock and securitizations and additional fixed income investor materials






Annual reports & proxy statements 
View and download current or historical annual reports and proxy statements


Stock information 
Look up your stock price, view historical quotes, dividend information and more


Shareholder services 
Access your shareholder account, review your history, and perform account transactions






Newsroom 
Access press materials, speeches, executive biographies, corporate facts and more


Corporate governance
Learn more about our management team, board of directors and the principles that govern our business


Contact us
Reach our investor relations team by phone or e-mail






DID YOU KNOW?






Careers

Show Careers Dropdown


















Who we are
Our leaders
Experienced, savvy veterans with the foresight, integrity and thought leadership necessary for growth.








Home
				
					
						
							 / 
						
						
							
								
									
										Who we are
									
									
								
							
							
						
					
						
							 / 
						
						
							
								
									
										Our team
									
									
								
							
							
						
					
						
							 / 
						
						
							
							
								
									
										Anne M. Finucane 



Print this article
Share this article












Anne M. Finucane 
Download Biography




Anne M. Finucane  | Vice Chairman

Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) efforts. As part of this, she focuses on the company's outreach to shareholders on social and governance issues, implementing innovative ways to deploy capital, such as the Catalytic Finance Initiative, and expanding on our environmental business opportunities in support of our responsible growth strategy. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global marketing and communications.Finucane chairs the global ESG Committee at Bank of America, which directs all of the company’s ESG efforts. She stewards Bank of America’s $125 billion environmental business initiative, including its $10 billion Catalytic Finance Initiative to mobilize market capital to deliver new investment into high-impact clean energy projects. She oversees the company’s $1.2 billion Community Development Financial Institution portfolio and helps manage Bank of America's 10-year, $1.5 trillion community development lending and investing goal – the largest of its kind ever established by a U.S. financial institution. She also chairs the Bank of America Charitable Foundation, including its 10-year, $2 billion charitable giving goal.Active in the community, Finucane serves on both corporate and nonprofit boards of directors including Carnegie Hall, the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, the American Ireland Fund, the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, CVS Health, Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Partners Healthcare, and Special Olympics. She serves on the U.S. State Department’s Foreign Affairs Policy board and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.Finucane has won numerous professional and public service accolades. Most recently, she was named to Fortune’s Most Powerful Women List and AdWeek’s 2016 Power List: Top 100 Leaders in Marketing, Media & Tech. In 2013, she received the New York Women in Communications Matrix Award and the International Women’s Media Foundation Leadership Award. She was named 2013 Advertising Woman of the Year by Advertising Women of New York, and American Banker magazine annually names her one of the “25 Most Powerful Women in Banking.”

Download Biography

















 		Our team
 	

Brian Moynihan 
Dean Athanasia
Catherine P. Bessant 
Sheri B. Bronstein
Paul M. Donofrio
Anne M. Finucane 
Geoffrey S. Greener
Christine P. Katziff 
Terry Laughlin 
David G. Leitch
Thomas K. Montag 
Thong M. Nguyen
Andrea B. Smith 
Bruce R. Thompson 




























							Who we are 


												Our company



												Our leadership



												Where we are



												History & heritage






							What guides us 


												Responsible growth



												Making an impact



												Our business practices



												Our people



												Reporting






										Partnering locally 

 



													See what is happeningnear you







										Newsroom 



														Press releases , link will open in new window




														Press kits , link will open in new window




														Journalist resources , link will open in new window




														Executive biographies, link will open in new window




														Awards & recognition , link will open in new window







										Investor relations 



														Financial information , link will open in new window




														Investor presentations , link will open in new window




														Fixed income information, link will open in new window




														Annual reports & proxy statements , link will open in new window




														Stock information , link will open in new window




														Shareholder services , link will open in new window













												Careers 



												Locations 



												Contact us 



												Help 



												Accessible banking 



												Privacy & security 



												Social community guidelines 



												Site map 


Advertising practices 


Advertising practices
We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.
Here's how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our Sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.
If you prefer that we not use this information, you can opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.
To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.































				Connect with us

, link opens in a new window



, link opens in a new window



, link opens in a new window





				This site contains PDF documents that require you to have the latest version of Adobe Reader in order to read them. Download the latest update of Adobe Reader.
				


				Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender © 2017 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
				






Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.This material does not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situations or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security, financial instrument, or strategy. Before acting on any information in this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any opinions expressed herein are given in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and are only correct as of the stated date of their issue.Content contained herein may have been produced by an outside party that is not affiliated with Bank of America or any of its affiliates (Bank of America). Opinions or ideas expressed are not necessarily those of Bank of America nor do they reflect their views or endorsement. These materials are for informational purposes only. Bank of America does not assume liability for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's reliance on the information provided. Certain links may direct you away from Bank of America to an unaffiliated site.  Bank of America has not been involved in the preparation of the content supplied at the unaffiliated sites and does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for its content. When you visit these sites, you are agreeing to all of their terms of use, including their privacy and security policies.Merrill Lynch Wealth Management makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation (BofA Corp.). Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp. Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.  Investment, insurance and annuity products: Are Not FDIC Insured | Are Not Bank Guaranteed | May Lose Value | Are Not Deposits | Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency | Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity MLPF&S and Bank of America, N.A. make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of BofA Corp or in which BofA Corp has a substantial economic interest. Company goals are inspirational and not guarantees or promises that all goals will be met. Statistics and metrics included in our ESG documents are estimates and may be based on assumptions or developing standards.General disclaimer for Bank of America Merrill Lynch.


 











































 







Anne M.  Finucane, Vice Chairman, Bank of America | Bank of America Newsroom



































 





Login




Home
Skip to Content
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Footer


 
 



Our Story
Global Impact
Partnering Locally
Points of View
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Careers





BANK OF AMERICA
Newsroom
 



 


Home / Newsroom / Executive Biographies 












  







NewsroomSign Up For Email AlertsRSS Feeds 








Enter your keywords: 










 



 Advanced Search 







 





Facts & ResourcesCompany Overview Facts about Bank of AmericaJournalist Resources Resources for journalists seeking information about Bank of AmericaPress Kits Press kits and prime rate informationPress Releases Bank of America’s press release archivesExecutive Biographies Biographies and photos of senior Bank of America executives 


 



              Anne M.  Finucane, Vice Chairman, Bank of America            





      Category:          

Executive Biographies 






 






Anne M. Finucane is vice chairman at Bank of America and a member of the company’s executive management team. She is responsible for the strategic positioning of Bank of America and leads the company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) efforts. As part of this, she focuses on the company's outreach to shareholders on social and governance issues, implementing innovative ways to deploy capital, such as the Catalytic Finance Initiative, and expanding on our environmental business opportunities in support of our responsible growth strategy. In addition, she oversees public policy, customer research and analytics, global marketing and communications.Finucane chairs the global ESG Committee at Bank of America, which directs all of the company’s ESG efforts. She stewards Bank of America’s $125 billion environmental business initiative, including its $10 billion Catalytic Finance Initiative to mobilize market capital to deliver new investment into high-impact clean energy projects. She oversees the company’s $1.2 billion Community Development Financial Institution portfolio and helps manage Bank of America's 10-year, $1.5 trillion community development lending and investing goal – the largest of its kind ever established by a U.S. financial institution. She also chairs the Bank of America Charitable Foundation, including its 10-year, $2 billion charitable giving goal.Active in the community, Finucane serves on both corporate and nonprofit boards of directors including Carnegie Hall, the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, the American Ireland Fund, the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, CVS Health, Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Partners Healthcare, and Special Olympics. She serves on the U.S. State Department’s Foreign Affairs Policy board and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.Finucane has won numerous professional and public service accolades. Most recently, she was named to Fortune’s Most Powerful Women List and AdWeek’s 2016 Power List: Top 100 Leaders in Marketing, Media & Tech. In 2013, she received the New York Women in Communications Matrix Award and the International Women’s Media Foundation Leadership Award. She was named 2013 Advertising Woman of the Year by Advertising Women of New York, and American Banker magazine annually names her one of the “25 Most Powerful Women in Banking.”Download Anne Finucane's biography (printable PDF format)Follow Anne Finucane on Twitter: @AnneFinucaneConnect with Anne Finucane on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/annefinucaneRecent Press ReleasesJune 6, 2017 - Bank of America Continues Delivering Responsible Growth Through Commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) FactorsJan. 23, 2017 - Bank of America Again Named to Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality IndexNov. 30, 2016 - Bank of America and (RED) Team Up on World AIDS Day to Help End Mother-to-Child Transmission of HIVNov. 10, 2016 - Bank of America Issues Its Third and Largest Green Bond Oct. 3, 2016 - Vital Voices and Bank of America Host Mentoring Program to Empower Women Leaders From Across the Asia Pacific RegionSept. 19, 2016 - Bank of America Commits to Carbon Neutrality and 100 Percent Renewable Electricity by 2020July 14, 2016 - Bank of America Expands Support of Special Olympics, Reinforces Commitment to InclusionMay 31, 2016 - Bank of America, (RED)® and Chef Mario Batali Encourage Friends and Families to Dine Out to Help Support the Fight Against AIDSMay 3, 2016 - Bank of America Is a Leader in First-Ever Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality IndexApril 6, 2016 - Catalytic Finance Initiative Brings Together Banks and Investors, Directs $8 Billion in Capital for High-Impact Sustainable ProjectsMarch 2, 2016 - Support for Women Leaders Crucial to Solving Most Urgent Issues of Our Time, Senior Leaders Tells Guests at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Vital Voices’ Public Forum in LondonJan. 22, 2016 - Bank of America and (RED)® Extend Partnership to Support the Global Fight Against AIDS  Articles and SpeechesMay 11, 2017 - BofA’s Anne Finucane promotes new chief marketing officer, Charlotte Business JournalJan. 14, 2016 - Businesses Can Drive the Transition to a Sustainable Economy, Huffington Post Photo Gallery and Videos    Anne Finucane Photo Gallery Milken Institute Global Conference 2017: “Investing in Sustainable Development” Bloomberg 2017: Anne Finucane discusses women’s economic empowerment         Bloomberg TV “Market Makers” Interview, Mar. 2015 American Association of Advertising Agencies Annual Gathering, Mar. 2015   Boards and MembershipsAmerican Ireland FundBrigham and Women’s HospitalCarnegie HallCouncil on Foreign RelationsCVS HealthJohn F. Kennedy Library FoundationNational September 11 Memorial & MuseumSpecial Olympics  



      Related Materials:          





Anne_Finucane.pdf (127.84 KB) 











 

































































Search Results for "Anne Finucane" - The Business Journals





































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +





















                        Search Results for "Anne Finucane"                    














 Search












Everything (190)


News (186)


Press Releases (4)



More
                                




Everything (190)


News (186)


Press Releases (4)






















Selected Filters
Anne Finucane 

Edit Filters 







Filter By






Date Range

By Date Range








Go 

Company


Bank of America N.A. (99) 

Bank of America (42) 

Bank of America Corp. (29) 

Merrill Lynch & Co. (14) 

FleetBoston Financial Corp. (12) 



Wells Fargo (8) 

Carolina Panthers (6) 

Fidelity Investments (6) 

Hill Holliday (6) 

International Speedway Corp. (5) 

Merrill Lynch (5) 

Speedway Motorsports Inc. (5) 

Wachovia Bank NA (5) 

BofA (4) 

Digitas (4) 

NASCAR (4) 

National Football League (4) 

BBDO (3) 

BBDO Worldwide (3) 

Boston Properties (3) 

Dallas Cowboys (3) 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (3) 

Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos (3) 

MBNA Corp. (3) 

Major League Baseball (3) 

New England Patriots (3) 

Uber (3) 

Washington Redskins (3) 

Bank of America Charitable Foundation (2) 

Bank of America Foundation (2) 

Bingham McCutchen LLP (2) 

Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts (2) 

Boston Celtics (2) 

Boston Globe (2) 

Boston Harbor Hotel (2) 

Boston University (2) 

California Academy of Sciences (2) 

Charlotte Bobcats (2) 

Citigroup (2) 

Citizens Bank (2) 

Delaware North (2) 

Fleet (2) 

Interpublic Group (2) 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology (2) 

NFL (2) 

Nstar (2) 

San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (2) 

Sovereign Bank (2) 

Starbucks Corporation (2) 

State Street (2) 

Tory Burch Foundation (2) 

Wachovia (2) 

Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (2) 

Wray Ward (2) 

Yerba Buena Center for the Arts (2) 

ABC News (1) 

Advertising Age (1) 

Akamai Technologies (1) 

Ally Bank (1) 

American Bar Association (1) 

American Steel Institute PAC (1) 

American Tower (1) 

Amtrak (1) 

Asian Art Museum (1) 

Babson College (1) 

Baltimore Ravens (1) 

Bank of America Stadium (1) 

Barr Foundation (1) 

Base Closure and Realignment Commission (1) 

Beacon Capital Partners (1) 

Belvedere Capital Partners, LLC (1) 

Bentley University (1) 

Bloomberg (1) 

Blue Cross Blue Shield (1) 

Boston Business Journal Power 50 (1) 

Boston Coach Executive Limousine Services (1) 

Boston College Club (1) 

Boston Foundation (1) 

Boston Herald (1) 

Boston Pops (1) 

Boston Symphony Orchestra Inc. (1) 

Brand Union (1) 

Business Journal (1) 

CLSA (1) 

California Bavarian Corporation (1) 

California Public Employees (1) 

California Public Employees' Retirement System (1) 

Carolinas HealthCare (1) 

Catalytic Finance Initiative (1) 

Center for Future Banking (1) 

Center for Responsive Politics (1) 

Charlotte Convention Center (1) 

Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department (1) 

Charlotte in 2012 Host Committee (1) 

Chiquita (1) 

Citizens Financial Group Inc. (1) 

Coca-Cola (1) 

Comcast Business Services (1) 

Commerce Group Inc. (1) 

Community Capital (1) 

Display More



Location



All Cities
Albany
Albuquerque
Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Birmingham
Boston
Buffalo
Charlotte
Chicago
Cincinnati
Columbus
Dallas
Dayton
Denver
Greensboro/Winston-Salem/High Point
Honolulu
Houston
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Los Angeles
Louisville
Memphis
Milwaukee
Minneapolis/St. Paul
Nashville
New York
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland
Raleigh/Durham
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Francisco
Seattle
Silicon Valley
South Florida
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Washington, D.C.
Wichita




People


Anne Finucane (129) 

Brian Moynihan (32) 

Cathy Bessant (13) 

David Darnell (8) 

Ken Lewis (8) 



Barbara Desoer (6) 

Barney Frank (6) 

Sallie Krawcheck (6) 

Tom Montag (6) 

Bruce Thompson (5) 

Kenneth Lewis (5) 

Andrea Smith (4) 

Andrew Plepler (4) 

Gary Lynch (4) 

Jack Bovender (4) 

Joe Price (4) 

Liam McGee (4) 

Ed O’Keefe (3) 

Greg Curl (3) 

Josh Feldmeth (3) 

Karen Kaplan (3) 

Neil Cotty (3) 

Steele Alphin (3) 

Warren Buffett (3) 

Alexandra Liftman (2) 

Andrew Cuomo (2) 

Anne Saunders (2) 

CeCe Sutton (2) 

Chad Holliday (2) 

Charles "Chad" Gifford (2) 

Charles Bowman (2) 

Charlie Rose (2) 

Christine Katziff (2) 

Claire Huang (2) 

David Aldrich (2) 

Dick Bove (2) 

Dick Kovacevich (2) 

Ellen Zane (2) 

Hill Holliday (2) 

Hugh McColl (2) 

Jed Rakoff (2) 

Jennifer Roberts (2) 

Joseph Campanelli (2) 

Karen Peetz (2) 

Kerry Sullivan (2) 

Lance Jensen (2) 

Mitt Romney (2) 

Richard Bove (2) 

Richard Krezwick (2) 

Scott Silvestri (2) 

Terry Laughlin (2) 

Tim Arnoult (2) 

Timothy Cahill (2) 

Travis Kalanick (2) 

Abby Johnson (1) 

Aditya Bhasin (1) 

Adrian Peterson (1) 

Agnes Bundy Scanlan (1) 

Al Hunt (1) 

Al de Molina (1) 

Alan Leventhal (1) 

Alan Morel (1) 

Amber Riley (1) 

Amos Hostetter (1) 

Andrea Nuciforo (1) 

Angela Merkel (1) 

Anne Clarke Wolff (1) 

Anne M. Finucane (1) 

Anne Pace (1) 

Anthony Foxx (1) 

Arthur T. Demoulas (1) 

Barack Obama (1) 

Beth Mooney (1) 

Bev Perdue (1) 

Bill Johnson (1) 

Bo Hussey (1) 

Bob Hagemann (1) 

Bob Steel (1) 

Bob Stickler (1) 

Boston Beer Co. Robert Kraft (1) 

Boston Ron Sargent (1) 

Brad Warner (1) 

Brett Carter (1) 

Brian Roberts (1) 

Brien Blakely (1) 

Bryan Koop (1) 

Cam Newton (1) 

Care.com Robert DeLeo (1) 

Carrie Tolstedt (1) 

Chad Gifford (1) 

Charles Noski (1) 

Charlie Elberson (1) 

Charlie Wilson (1) 

Chris Dodd (1) 

Chris Lehane (1) 

Christopher Anderson (1) 

Cindi Basenspiler (1) 

Cokie Roberts (1) 

Communispace Gary Gottlieb (1) 

Connie Hubbell (1) 

Display More


Industry


Banking & Financial Services (88) 

Media & Marketing (32) 

Human Resources (11) 

Sports Business (9) 

Technology (8) 



Retailing & Restaurants (4) 

Logistics & Transportation (4) 

Health Care (3) 

Commercial Real Estate (3) 

Energy (2) 

Education (1) 

Environment (1) 

Legal Services (1) 

Residential Real Estate (1) 

Display More















190
                            Results                        


Sort By


Relevancy
Recent




 







News

                Jul 26, 2017, 10:11AM EDT            

                San Francisco Business Times            


            Uber eyes Meg Whitman and 5 others for CEO        

             floated is Bank of America Vice Chairman Anne Finucane.

Uber didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.

Trending: These are the top 5 tech CEOs in San Francisco as ranked by their female…        













News

                Jul 24, 2017, 10:48AM EDT            


            Tell us: Would you take the wheel at Uber?        

            Last week, we reported that Uber board members had reached out to Bank of America Vice Chairman Anne Finucane as a possible CEO candidate. Uber is said to be favoring hiring a woman for the top spot…        













News

                Jul 21, 2017, 6:54AM EDT            

                Boston Business Journal            


            Uber considering BofA exec Anne Finucane for CEO job: Report        

Anne Finucane, the well-known Boston-based Bank of America executive, has been contacted by Uber Technologies about taking over the beleaguered Silicon Valley company’s CEO job, Axios has reported…        













News

                Jul 20, 2017, 2:39PM EDT            

                San Francisco Business Times            


            Uber board members have reached out to this high-ranking Bank of America exec for CEO post        

            Board members of Uber have reached out to Bank of America Vice Chairman Anne Finucane as a possible CEO candidate, Axios reported Thursday.

Citing multiple sources close to the matter, Axios said…        













News

                May 9, 2017, 4:08PM EDT            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            BofA’s Anne Finucane promotes new chief marketing officer        

Anne Finucane, Bank of America’s vice chair, internally announced a few changes to her team recently.

Finucane, who was named vice chair in 2015, has been spending more time on corporate governance…        














 








News

                Apr 26, 2017, 1:03PM EDT            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Bank of America addresses gender pay gap issue at annual meeting        

             proposal, requiring the board to prepare a gender pay gap report, according to preliminary results.

The bank addressed its diversity and inclusion efforts in a panel moderated by vice chair Anne Finucane at…        













Press Releases
May 18, 2017, 3:46PM EDT


            Bank of America Vice Chairman Anne Finucane and Journalist and MSNBC Commentator Mike Barnicle Honored by Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program        

            Bank of America Vice Chairman Anne Finucane and Journalist and MSNBC Commentator Mike Barnicle Honored by Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program
PR Newswire
BOSTON, May 18, 2017



BOSTON, May…
        






News

                May 17, 2016, 3:56PM EDT            

                Bank Notes                                ,
                            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Female Bank of America employee sues bank for discrimination        

             of BofA’s highest-ranking executives, Anne Finucane, said the data validates the company’s efforts and “reinforces the idea that Bank of America can only succeed when women succeed.”

I caught up with…        













News

                May 6, 2016, 1:22PM EDT            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            What’s it really like for women working at big banks? Local BofA exec tells all        

             community engagement efforts. Twenty-six firms made the list this year.

One of Charlotte-based BofA’s (NYSE:BAC) highest-ranking executives, Anne Finucane, said the data validates the company’s efforts and…        













News

                May 3, 2016, 2:49PM EDT            

                Bank Notes                                ,
                            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Bank of America, MetLife recognized on Bloomberg’s first gender-equality index        

             part of our work to ensure steady, responsible economic growth, we are committed to investing in women, women-owned businesses and products that benefit women in communities across the globe,” said Anne…        














 








News

                Apr 15, 2016, 2:52PM EDT            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Bank of America ups investment in Tory Burch program for women entrepreneurs        

             million for 2016 and 2017.

“Women business owners are a critical component of sustainable economic growth,” said Anne Finucane, BofA’s vice chairman. “Our partnership with the Tory Burch Foundation…        













News

                Apr 13, 2016, 4:02PM EDT            

                Finance & Law                                ,
                            

                Denver Business Journal            


            Bank of America, Tory Burch partner with Accion to help Colorado's female entrepreneurs        

             women entrepreneurs. Bank of America has invested $1 billion into more than 20 CDFIs across the country.

“Women business owners are a critical component of sustainable economic growth,” said Anne…        













News

                Sep 28, 2015, 12:47PM EDT            

                Bank Notes                                ,
                            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            BofA's Jack Bovender details decision to name Moynihan chairman last fall        

             approve the proposition.

Anne Finucane, vice chairman and global chief strategy and marketing officer, and Jack Bovender, the board’s lead independent director, traveled around the country meeting with…        













News

                Sep 25, 2015, 6:00AM EDT            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Did BofA learn from fight over boardroom?        

            ,” Bovender says. “And we’ve said we’re sorry about that, and the only thing we could do was to develop a strategy to fix it.”

Bovender and BofA Vice Chairman Anne Finucane spent the last months meeting with…        













News

                Sep 23, 2015, 2:36PM EDT            

                Bank Notes                                ,
                            

                Charlotte Business Journal            


            Two Charlotte executives make American Banker's 'Most Powerful Women in Banking' list        

            -resources executive. She will oversee the bank’s stress testing in her new role.

Bank of America has two other executives on this year’s list: Anne Finucane, vice chairman and global chief strategy and marketing…        














 







Page
1 of 13            


Next 


 












Filter By





 Close
















 


  



























Bank of America’s chief strategist says it’s a ‘better’ company since the financial crisis | Charlotte Observer





























































News
Sports
Entertainment
Real Estate

































                        87°
                    













































Bank of America strategy officer Anne Finucane, right, in Davos, Switzerland, for the World Economic Forum in January 2014. From left: Deborah Dugan, CEO of RED, an organization that raises money to fight AIDS; Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America; and musician Bono of the band U2. 


Photo courtesy of Bank of America



Bank of America strategy officer Anne Finucane, right, in Davos, Switzerland, for the World Economic Forum in January 2014. From left: Deborah Dugan, CEO of RED, an organization that raises money to fight AIDS; Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America; and musician Bono of the band U2. 


Photo courtesy of Bank of America























Bank Watch

News and notes on Charlotte's banks and the financial industry





Bank Watch

Bank of America’s chief strategist says it’s a ‘better’ company since the financial crisis



By Deon Robertsderoberts@charlotteobserver.com


















LinkedIn
Google+
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
Order Reprint of this Story







                    March 09, 2015 2:00 AM
                



Bank of America’s chief strategist says the Charlotte-based bank is a “better,” more simplified company than it was before the financial crisis, from its employment practices to its services.
“It is a better bank than it was six years ago. I think that we had an opportunity to look at everything: our employment practices, our CSR (corporate social responsibility) practices, our products, our services. And in each of those instances, I think we took a hard look, simplified and made it better,” Anne Finucane said in a video interview with Bloomberg posted online last week.
Finucane, who holds the additional title of chief marketing officer at Bank of America, also said the banking industry is “much” more transparent than it was before the crisis. Just last week, the Federal Reserve disclosed how the 31 largest U.S.-based bank holding companies did on the regulator’s latest “stress tests,” annual post-crisis exams designed to determine how lenders would fare in another major economic downturn. Finucane did not discuss the stress tests in the segment Bloomberg posted online. 
Banking is still a “complicated business, but there is a transparency to it, and we have multiple regulators looking over what we’re doing,” she said. 


“My feeling is that it’s taken a long time, the industry has improved. It’s improved in its earnings. It’s improved in its reputation. It’s improved in its business with our customers and our clients, and I think that it’s improved over time with the regulators, too.”




Finucane, whose other responsibilities include overseeing Bank of America’s communications operations and advertising strategy, said the improving U.S. economy is a positive for the banking industry, whose image has taken a beating since the financial crisis. 
“I do think when you have employment levels that have improved as much as they have, and the economy is improving, I do think that banks will not be seen as negatively,” she said.
Bank of America has often found itself the target of criticism, as well as costly litigation, since the crisis, thanks in large part to its acquisitions of mortgage lender Countrywide financial in 2008 and investment bank Merrill Lynch in 2009. 
As part of a $17 billion settlement in August with the Department of Justice, Bank of America admitted that it, Countrywide Financial and Merrill Lynch took part in faulty mortgage-backed securities practices. 
A lack of transparency into lenders’ exposures to risky mortgages packaged into such securities has been cited as a key contributor to the financial crisis. 



Banks also must be transparent, Finucane said. "On the other hand, our clients expect us to make money for them. And we need to do that, too. So, we just have to be smarter about it.”
As for her comments about Bank of America becoming a simpler company, that effort has been ongoing under the tenure of CEO Brian Moynihan. The push to make the bank simpler has been a departure from the empire-building that made the lender the coast-to-coast behemoth it is today.
In a column last week, John Carney, of The Wall Street Journal, points out that Bank of America has slashed the number of subsidiaries to 103 from more than 1,300. Also, the bank’s loan book is now smaller than it has been since 2007, before the acquisition of Countrywide and Merrill Lynch, Carney wrote.
Although Moynihan has helped steer the bank through the financial crisis, challenges remain. He finds himself under continued pressure from investors to boost profits, as litigation expenses continue to be a drag on the bank’s earnings. Moynihan was awarded $13 million for his performance in 2014, a drop of $1 million from the year before as the bank posted a 58 percent drop in profit. 


Related stories from  The Charlotte Observer


















Bank bonuses mixed, reflecting a mixed year




















Bank of America shares rise on Fed’s ‘stress test’ results








Roberts: 704-358-5248;Twitter: @DeonERoberts








Never miss a local story.
Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access..

SUBSCRIBE NOW










  Comments  















Videos







2 hours ago

Jameds Bradberry is possibly the Panthers' next breakout star









0:31


2 hours ago
Jameds Bradberry is possibly the Panthers' next breakout star






0:40


an hour ago
Is Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin fast enough for autograph hounds at training camp?






1:43


2 hours ago
Hundreds have their criminal records cleared at clinic










                            View More Video
                        












                        Bank Watch
                    





                                        Report card puts Bank of America behind rivals in customer satisfaction –again
                                    







                                        Trump is ‘looking at’ breaking up banks. What would that mean for Charlotte?
                                    







                                        Another Charlotte bank is getting swallowed up in a merger
                                    







                                        Smaller banks keep buying each other – and a Charlotte name is going away
                                    







                                        Meet the 61-year-old man who was dragged out of Wells Fargo’s annual meeting
                                    






                            Bank Watch
                        


































Subscriptions




Start a Subscription
Customer Service
eEdition
Vacation Hold
Pay Your Bill






Site Information




About Us
Contact Us
Newsletters
News in Education
Photo Store






Social, Mobile & More




Text News Alerts
Mobile & Apps
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Google+






Advertising




Information
Place a Classified
Local Deals
Shopping
CLT Digital









More




Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
























































