

























First Dallas Securities Inc. Sells 325 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Gilead Sciences Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Gilead Sciences Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Acquires 26,248 Shares of KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY)
HCP, Inc. (NYSE:HCP) Position Boosted by National Pension Service
Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (SIX) Issued By Wedbush
Analyzing Smart Global Holdings (SGH) and Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS)
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for TCP Capital Corp. (TCPC)
AAR Corp. (AIR) Board of Directors Declares Share Buyback Plan
FIRST REPUBLIC BANK (NYSE:FRC) Plans $0.17 Quarterly Dividend
Peak Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ:SKIS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.07
Critical Comparison: Trinity Industries (TRN) versus General Electric (GE)
J.Jill (JILL) and Christopher & Banks Corporation (CBK) Head to Head Survey
National Pension Service Increases Stake in Realty Income Corporation (NYSE:O)
Codexis (CDXS) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows
Clearfield (CLFD) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Charles & Colvard (CTHR) Receiving Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Report Finds
Cree (CREE) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.02
Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.39
Creative Planning Has $1.51 Million Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS)
Bank of Nova Scotia Purchases 41,547 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH)
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) Stake Decreased by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX


 


First Dallas Securities Inc. Sells 325 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 

First Dallas Securities Inc. cut its position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 7,025 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 325 shares during the period. First Dallas Securities Inc.’s holdings in Gilead Sciences were worth $477,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of GILD. First Foundation Advisors boosted its position in shares of Gilead Sciences by 5.2% in the first quarter. First Foundation Advisors now owns 118,366 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $8,040,000 after buying an additional 5,815 shares in the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new position in shares of Gilead Sciences during the first quarter worth about $37,520,000. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Gilead Sciences by 17.5% in the first quarter. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. now owns 87,040 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $5,912,000 after buying an additional 12,976 shares in the last quarter. Destination Wealth Management acquired a new position in shares of Gilead Sciences during the first quarter worth about $494,000. Finally, Montecito Bank & Trust boosted its position in shares of Gilead Sciences by 42.2% in the first quarter. Montecito Bank & Trust now owns 8,697 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $591,000 after buying an additional 2,582 shares in the last quarter. 74.05% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) opened at 74.19 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $68.84 and its 200 day moving average is $68.56. Gilead Sciences, Inc. has a 52-week low of $63.76 and a 52-week high of $84.15. The stock has a market capitalization of $96.95 billion, a PE ratio of 7.84 and a beta of 1.21. 


 Get Gilead Sciences Inc. alerts:



Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, July 26th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $2.56 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.14 by $0.42. The company had revenue of $7.14 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.35 billion. Gilead Sciences had a net margin of 43.42% and a return on equity of 76.64%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $3.08 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Gilead Sciences, Inc. will post $8.42 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, September 28th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 15th will be issued a $0.52 dividend. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.80%. Gilead Sciences’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 21.99%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/27/first-dallas-securities-inc-sells-325-shares-of-gilead-sciences-inc-nasdaqgild.html. 
A number of brokerages have issued reports on GILD. Redburn Partners began coverage on shares of Gilead Sciences in a report on Wednesday. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $87.00 target price on shares of Gilead Sciences in a report on Tuesday. Leerink Swann reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $74.00 target price on shares of Gilead Sciences in a report on Tuesday. BidaskClub raised shares of Gilead Sciences from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $72.00 target price on shares of Gilead Sciences in a report on Friday, July 21st. Fifteen research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fifteen have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Gilead Sciences presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.77.
In other Gilead Sciences news, EVP Gregg H. Alton sold 40,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, July 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.00, for a total value of $2,960,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 137,488 shares in the company, valued at $10,174,112. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director John Francis Cogan sold 9,943 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.25, for a total transaction of $668,666.75. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 47,562 shares in the company, valued at $3,198,544.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 128,276 shares of company stock worth $9,190,610. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. 
Gilead Sciences Company Profile
Gilead Sciences, Inc is a research-based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and commercializes medicines in areas of unmet medical need. The Company’s portfolio of products and pipeline of investigational drugs includes treatments for Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (HIV/AIDS), liver diseases, cancer, inflammatory and respiratory diseases and cardiovascular conditions. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GILD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Gilead Sciences Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gilead Sciences Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 







































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







Account Login - First Dallas Securities, Inc.












 



ACCOUNT LOGIN








User ID


Password









   


Sign Up



   


Forgot Password

Forgot User ID? Opens a dialog box



Message Area

Welcome to our new website! This new site offers real-time account data and downloads into Quicken®. Please login using your User ID and Password. If you have any questions, please call your Financial Advisor or call Online Support toll-free at 1-877-488-3748. Outside the U.S. please dial (704) 715-3860.









These valuations reflect securities or assets held at First Clearing, LLC, which carries your account and acts as your custodian for funds and securities deposited with them through First Dallas Securities, Inc., your introducing firm, or as a result of transactions processed for your account by First Clearing, LLC. The prices indicated are obtained from sources considered reliable but may not represent actual market values. If there is no readily determinable market value for a security, its value will be carried at zero. If you have questions concerning the valuation of any of the securities, please contact your registered representative.


User ID








First Dallas Securities Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























first dallas securities inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
First Dallas Securities Incorporated operates as a brokerage firm. The Company specializes in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and certain other investment products. First Dallas Securities conducts business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

2905 Maple Avenue
Dallas, TX 75201
United States


Phone:
1-214-954-1177


Fax:
1-214-954-1281


Web url:
www.firstdallas.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Craig Donaldson Hodges


Chief Executive Officer




Robert Leo Kerch Jr


President/Chief Compliance Ofcr




Robert J Woodard


Senior Vice President




Gary Bradshaw


Senior Vice President




Michael E Rask


Head:Trading







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































First Dallas Financial Group























skip navigation







Jim Almond CFP®, William A Mathews MBA



				Contact Us
			




5550 Granite Parkway, Suite 170


Plano,
				
TX
75024






Phone: 972-248-2032



Fax: 972-248-3010



E-mail address: 
Jim@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
Bill@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Mary@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Janine@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Jessica@firstdallasfinancial.com











Home


About Us


Our Associates


Our Location


Our Firm


Our Services


Tell A Friend




Resources


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Videos




Market Watch

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Contact Us































































share

|





 








 Welcome to First Dallas Financial Group Click here to view Our Associates.






Newsletters




Feeling Confident: Steps to Saving More

Ideas that may help readers save more without making a big sacrifice in their cash flow.



HOT TOPIC: Social Security and Medicare Update: The 2016 Trustees Reports

Key information regarding the current and future financial health of Social Security and Medicare programs. 




Surprise! It’s Retirement Time

Consider these tips to prepare for the possibility that you might retire earlier than planned.



HOT TOPIC: Robos Have Arrived, But Life Often Calls for a Human Touch

Understanding what robo advisors do, how they do it, and their limitations versus what a human advisor can offer. 



More Newsletters »




Calculators




Impact of Inflation

Estimate the future cost of an item based on today’s prices and the rate of inflation you expect.



Car Affordability

How much can you afford to pay for a car?



IRA Eligibility

Use this calculator to determine whether you qualify for the different types of IRAs.



Lease Payment

How much would your monthly lease payment be?



More Calculators »












				Contact Us
			




5550 Granite Parkway, Suite 170


Plano,
				
TX
75024






Phone: 972-248-2032



Fax: 972-248-3010



E-mail address: 
Jim@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
Bill@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Mary@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Janine@firstdallasfinancial.com


E-mail address: 
 Jessica@firstdallasfinancial.com






Market Watch


July 28, 2017 @ 03:53 PM 


Ticker Name
Percent Difference (when noted with %) otherwise Last Price
Difference (where applicable)





Dow Jones Industrials ETF

+0.1%
 



Nasdaq Composite ETF

-0.0%
 



S&P 500 ETF

-0.0%
 

 


Enter stock ticker symbol:

Get Quote




[
Markets 
  	| 
  	Charts 
  	| 
  	Quotes 
  	| 
  	Portfolio
]


    Market data delayed per exchange rules.
    All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
    © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
  




Learning Center



Articles
Educate yourself on a variety of financial topics.


Calculators
A host of financial tools to assist you.


Newsletters
Timely Newsletters to help you stay current.


Videos

                  
                    A dynamic library of videos.
                  
                


Flipbooks

                  These magazine-style flipbooks provide helpful information. 
                



Glossary

Financial terms from A to Z.










Home


About Us


Our Associates


Our Location


Our Firm


Our Services


Tell A Friend




Resources


Articles


Calculators


Flipbooks


Newsletters


Glossary


Videos




Market Watch

Detailed Quote
Symbol Lookup
Multi Quote
Markets at a Glance
Charting
Portfolio



Contact Us






Check out the background of firms and investment professionals on FINRA's BrokerCheck.Securities are offered through Cambridge Investment Research, a registered broker/dealer and Member FINRA/SIPC to residents of Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, and Virginia.Advisory services offered through Cambridge Investment Research Advisors, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor.Cambridge Investment Research and First Dallas Financial Group are not affiliated companies.   



Site Map






 











 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











FIRST DALLAS SECURITIES INC - DALLAS, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



DALLAS



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            FIRST DALLAS SECURITIES INC
                                    



 





















F 


FIRST DALLAS SECURITIES INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2905 MAPLE AVE DALLAS, TX 75201
Get Directions



(214) 954-1177
www.firstdallas.com





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2000, First Dallas Securities Inc has been providing Security Brokers And Dealers from Dallas. First Dallas Securities Inc is incorporated in Texas. First Dallas Securities Inc has estimated annual revenues of $0.00 and also employs an estimated 40 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















		    - First Dallas Securities	


























 







 













Home
Disclosures
First Dallas Online
Contact First Dallas
 



Member FINRA and SiPC


You may obtain information about SiPC, including the SiPC brochure, by contacting SiPC at 202-371-8300
 





Welcome to First Dallas Securities
Today’s marketplace offers an array of investment opportunities. There are more investment opportunities today than in any time in America’s history. The growth of these opportunities has created a “department store” mentality for many investment firms. There is an industry desire to be all things to all people.
In such a financial climate, First Dallas Securities has chosen to go the other way. We believe focusing primarily on common stocks with an educated eye on bonds and mutual funds is a fundamental strategy that improves our clients’ chances to create a larger and more solid long-term result.
First Dallas Securities believes focusing on such a small segment of all the investment opportunities that are available gives a much better view of the subject, and the closer and more often it is studied and evaluated, the better the chance for successful investment.
First Dallas Securities places a special emphasis on the southwest, but searches the entire United States for companies that fit specific criteria. Included are core growth companies and emerging companies in various industries. We examine both high tech and old economy companies that are resurfacing with a solid game plan for new century markets.
Since its inception in 1989, First Dallas Securities’ philosophy of focusing primarily on common stocks continues to be validated as a sound approach to creating stronger investment strategies.










This information is not an offer to sell securities. First Dallas Securities is licensed in the following states. If you wish to contact us, please let us know the state in which you reside.
Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | IdahoIllinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | MissouriNebraska | Nevada | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | PennsylvaniaRhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Washington | Wisconsin | Wyoming
©2017 First Dallas Securities 












		     First Dallas Online - First Dallas Securities	


























 







 













Home
Disclosures
First Dallas Online
Contact First Dallas
 



Member FINRA and SiPC


You may obtain information about SiPC, including the SiPC brochure, by contacting SiPC at 202-371-8300
 





First Dallas Online
Click here to login to First Dallas Online

Features
First Dallas Online, our Internet-based service, enables you to view your account positions and activity online. The service also includes access to online research.
 



 

First Dallas Online Service



Client Account Access



Stock Price Quotes



Market Commentaries



Industry Reports



Company Reports




 
 





System Requirements for Internet Access to First Dallas Online
For best results, please use one of the following web browsers:
 








– Microsoft Internet Explorer version 6 or 7 when running Windows XP
– Microsoft Internet Explorer version 7 when running Windows Vista
Internet Explorer can be downloaded for free by visiting:
http://www.microsoft.com/windows/internet-explorer


 
 





– Firefox version 2 or 3 for Windows XP, Windows Vista, Mac OS X 10.4 & 10.5
Firefox can be downloaded for free by visiting:
http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox


 
 





 – America Online (AOL) version 9 for Windows XP and Windows Vista
– America Online version AOL for OS X for Mac OS X 10.4 &10.5
America Online can be downloaded for free by visiting:
http://daol.aol.com/software


 
 





 – Safari version 3 for Windows XP, Windows Vista, Mac OS X 10.4 & 10.5
Safari can be downloaded for free by visiting:
http://www.apple.com/safari






Requirements
To enroll in Access Online, the following system requirements are needed:

First Clearing brokerage account, asset management account or IRA
A subscription to an Internet Service Provider (ISP)
A secure web browser capable of 128-bit encryption
Microsoft Windows XP or Higher/ Macintosh OS X 10 or Higher
A Pentium 233 MHz processor with at least 128 MB of RAM for temporary file storage
A Macintosh system should be of comparable capacity and performance
Browser performance with less-capable hardware will be marginal.

As with all Web applications, performance will vary with Internet traffic loads and usage patterns










This information is not an offer to sell securities. First Dallas Securities is licensed in the following states. If you wish to contact us, please let us know the state in which you reside.
Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | IdahoIllinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | MissouriNebraska | Nevada | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | PennsylvaniaRhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Washington | Wisconsin | Wyoming
©2017 First Dallas Securities 












		    - First Dallas Securities	


























 







 













Home
Disclosures
First Dallas Online
Contact First Dallas
 



Member FINRA and SiPC


You may obtain information about SiPC, including the SiPC brochure, by contacting SiPC at 202-371-8300
 





Welcome to First Dallas Securities
Today’s marketplace offers an array of investment opportunities. There are more investment opportunities today than in any time in America’s history. The growth of these opportunities has created a “department store” mentality for many investment firms. There is an industry desire to be all things to all people.
In such a financial climate, First Dallas Securities has chosen to go the other way. We believe focusing primarily on common stocks with an educated eye on bonds and mutual funds is a fundamental strategy that improves our clients’ chances to create a larger and more solid long-term result.
First Dallas Securities believes focusing on such a small segment of all the investment opportunities that are available gives a much better view of the subject, and the closer and more often it is studied and evaluated, the better the chance for successful investment.
First Dallas Securities places a special emphasis on the southwest, but searches the entire United States for companies that fit specific criteria. Included are core growth companies and emerging companies in various industries. We examine both high tech and old economy companies that are resurfacing with a solid game plan for new century markets.
Since its inception in 1989, First Dallas Securities’ philosophy of focusing primarily on common stocks continues to be validated as a sound approach to creating stronger investment strategies.










This information is not an offer to sell securities. First Dallas Securities is licensed in the following states. If you wish to contact us, please let us know the state in which you reside.
Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | IdahoIllinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | MissouriNebraska | Nevada | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | PennsylvaniaRhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Washington | Wisconsin | Wyoming
©2017 First Dallas Securities 








First Dallas Securities Inc. Buys Mylan NV, Forterra Inc, American Express Co, Sells Trinity ...HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)First Dallas Securities Inc. Buys Mylan NV, Forterra Inc, American Express Co, Sells Trinity ...GuruFocus.comJanuary 11, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare- By insider Dallas, TX, based Investment company First Dallas Securities Inc. buys Mylan NV, Forterra Inc, American Express Co, AbbVie Inc, Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAB de CV, sells Trinity Industries Inc, Eagle Materials Inc, United Rentals Inc, Atmos Energy Corp, Helmerich & Payne Inc during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, First Dallas Securities Inc.. As of 2016-12-31, First Dallas Securities Inc. owns 99 stocks with a total value of $117 million. These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: MYL, FRTA, VLRS, TSM, CX, GILD, C, JBLU, BX, GIII, Added Positions: AXP, ABBV, WHR, JPM, USCR, FB, FDX, CF, GM, BETR, Reduced Positions: TRN, EXP, GEO, URI, TPL, ATO, HP, AAL, LTXB, XEL, Sold Out: NXPI, EPD, AGCO, COP, GSK, WEC, TXN, LFVN, HW, CEF, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with KNL. Click here to check it out. AXP 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of AXPPeter Lynch Chart of AXPFor the details of First Dallas Securities Inc.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=First+Dallas+Securities+Inc.These are the top 5 holdings of First Dallas Securities Inc.Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL) - 38,708 shares, 9.86% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.07%The GEO Group Inc (GEO) - 129,474 shares, 3.99% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 19.3%Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) - 92,337 shares, 3.96% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.7%Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc (RHP) - 72,083 shares, 3.9% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 3.82%AT&T Inc (T) - 89,258 shares, 3.26% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.04%New Purchase: Mylan NV (MYL)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Mylan NV. The purchase prices were between $34.14 and $38.92, with an estimated average price of $37.16. The stock is now traded at around $37.44. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.42%. The holdings were 43,255 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Forterra Inc (FRTA)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Forterra Inc. The purchase prices were between $16.5 and $22.4, with an estimated average price of $18.89. The stock is now traded at around $19.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.73%. The holdings were 39,575 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAB de CV (VLRS)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion SAB de CV. The purchase prices were between $13.77 and $19.89, with an estimated average price of $16.63. The stock is now traded at around $13.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.5%. The holdings were 38,950 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (TSM)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd. The purchase prices were between $28.55 and $31.55, with an estimated average price of $30.1. The stock is now traded at around $30.17. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.48%. The holdings were 19,330 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Cemex SAB de CV (CX)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Cemex SAB de CV. The purchase prices were between $7.43 and $9.15, with an estimated average price of $8.27. The stock is now traded at around $7.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.47%. The holdings were 68,725 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Gilead Sciences Inc (GILD)First Dallas Securities Inc. initiated holdings in Gilead Sciences Inc. The purchase prices were between $71.61 and $78.47, with an estimated average price of $74.33. The stock is now traded at around $73.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.45%. The holdings were 7,350 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: American Express Co (AXP)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in American Express Co by 147.31%. The purchase prices were between $59.9 and $75.32, with an estimated average price of $69.23. The stock is now traded at around $76.84. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.66%. The holdings were 17,349 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: AbbVie Inc (ABBV)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in AbbVie Inc by 66.38%. The purchase prices were between $55.78 and $64, with an estimated average price of $61.04. The stock is now traded at around $61.19. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.62%. The holdings were 28,876 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Whirlpool Corp (WHR)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in Whirlpool Corp by 88.49%. The purchase prices were between $147.69 and $183.65, with an estimated average price of $165.57. The stock is now traded at around $183.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 4,750 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co by 65.98%. The purchase prices were between $66.51 and $87.13, with an estimated average price of $76.26. The stock is now traded at around $87.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 9,622 shares as of 2016-12-31.Read MoreAdded: Facebook Inc (FB)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in Facebook Inc by 56.25%. The purchase prices were between $115.05 and $133.28, with an estimated average price of $122.81. The stock is now traded at around $125.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 5,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: FedEx Corp (FDX)First Dallas Securities Inc. added to the holdings in FedEx Corp by 23.32%. The purchase prices were between $169.7 and $201.02, with an estimated average price of $183.52. The stock is now traded at around $189.17. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 6,081 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in NXP Semiconductors NV. The sale prices were between $96.59 and $104.49, with an estimated average price of $99.37.Sold Out: Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in Enterprise Products Partners LP. The sale prices were between $24.53 and $27.44, with an estimated average price of $26.05.Sold Out: ConocoPhillips (COP)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in ConocoPhillips. The sale prices were between $40.65 and $52.64, with an estimated average price of $46.11.Sold Out: AGCO Corp (AGCO)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in AGCO Corp. The sale prices were between $48.89 and $60.66, with an estimated average price of $54.02.Sold Out: GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in GlaxoSmithKline PLC. The sale prices were between $37.39 and $43.44, with an estimated average price of $39.52.Sold Out: WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC)First Dallas Securities Inc. sold out the holdings in WEC Energy Group Inc. The sale prices were between $54.58 and $59.72, with an estimated average price of $57.36.Here is the complete portfolio of First Dallas Securities Inc.. Also check out:1. First Dallas Securities Inc.'s Undervalued Stocks2. First Dallas Securities Inc.'s Top Growth Companies, and3. First Dallas Securities Inc.'s High Yield stocks4. Stocks that First Dallas Securities Inc. keeps buyingThis article first appeared on GuruFocus.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with KNL. Click here to check it out. AXP 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of AXPPeter Lynch Chart of AXPReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextLive TV reporter acts perfectly calm as spider casually crawls all over herMashableDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredJackie Kennedy Quotes: 10 Sayings From The Former First LadyInternational Business TimesJordan Spieth Chugs from British Open Trophy With Country Star Randy RogersYahoo ViewUn-Lucky? Released Dallas WR Whitehead claimed by lowly JetsYahoo SportsTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredCitigroup CEO touts the $100 billion gold mine Citi took from American ExpressCNBCThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo Finance3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k








