


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Online Service Center : Products Available Online












   
		




















Products Available for Viewing On-Line
ANNUITY PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services and MetLife Resources:

Enhanced Preference Plus Account
Financial Freedom Account
Flexible Purchase Pension Annuity
Flexible Purchase Pension Contract
Flexible Retirement Annuity
MetLife Financial Freedom Select
Growth Plus Account
Integrated Resources
MetLife Asset Builder
Preference Guaranteed Select
Preference Plus® Account
Preference Plus Select
Premier Variable Annuity
Retirement Deferred Annuity
Single Deferred Annuity
Single Premium Deferred Annuity
Tax-Sheltered Annuity Preference Plus Account
Variable Annuity 1
Variable Annuity 2
Variable Annuity 3
VestMet® 

MAX - 1
MAX - 3
MetLife
MetLife AAA
Single Premium (AL-A)
Single Premium (B)
Single Premium (FD)
Single Premium (M-L)
Single Premium (M-N)


MetLife Insurance Company USA:

Vintage VA
Vintage L
Vintage XC
Marquis Portfolios
PrimElite III
PrimElite IV
IRA Share Class
Brighthouse Prime OptionsSM
Protected Equity Portfolio (PEP)
Series L
Series VA
Series XC
Series C
MetLife Series SSM Variable Annuity
Brighthouse Simple Solutions Variable Annuity
MLI USA Pioneer PRISM
MLI USA Pioneer PRISM L
MLI USA Series XTRA
MLI USA Series XTRA 6
MLI USA Fixed Annuity AR/XR
MLI USA Fixed Annuity PG/AS
MLI USA Fixed Annuity FA
MLI USA Fixed Annuity Premier Select II
MLI USA Fixed Annuity AR/XR (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity PG/AS (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity FA (Non-MVA)
MLI USA Fixed Annuity XG
Texas Plan
Iowa Plan
CLICO 224
Capital Strategist
Flexible Bonus
Flexible Value
Foresight
Signet Imprint
Investors Choice
Retirement Companion Plan
Secureannuity 223
Secureannuity 224
SFL 224
Smart Choice
Strive
Ultimate
MLI USA Series VA-4 
MLI Variable Series/Class O
Class A
Class AA
Class B
Class C
Class L
Class VA
Class XC
MetLife Class SSM Variable Annuity
First MLI Class XTRA
FMLI Class XTRA 6
FMLI MetLife Simple Solutions Variable Annuity
First MLI Pioneer PRISM
First MLI Pioneer PRISM L
MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR
First MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR
MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS
First MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS
MLI Fixed Annuity FA
First MLI Fixed Annuity FA
MLI Fixed Annuity AR/XR (Non-MVA)
MLI Fixed Annuity PG/AS (Non-MVA)
MLI Fixed Annuity FA (Non-MVA)
PrimElite IV
Account For Keeps
Traditional One Year
MLI Class VA-4 
MLI Variable Series/Class O
Brighthouse Shield Level Selector




Brighthouse  Guaranteed Income Builder


New England Financial:

American Forerunner Series (AFS)
Flexible Premium Retirement Annuity
The Asset Builder (SPFA)
American Growth Series Variable Annuity(Flex Payment VA)
Zenith Accumulator Variable Annuity


Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife Resources Annuity Products:

Brighthouse  Guaranteed Income Builder

 
LIFE INSURANCE PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services:

Universal Life I (Flexible Premium Life)
Universal Life II (Flexible Premium Multifunded Life)
Universal Life 2001 (Flexible Premium Multifunded Life)
Flexible Premium Variable Universal Life
Metropolitan Tower Life Universal Life
Flexible Premium Adjustable Life Insurance with Coverage Continuation
Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance with Coverage Continuation
Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Universal Life 2005 (NY only)
Joint and Last Survivor Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Joint and Survivor Universal Life 2005 (NY only)  
Life Paid-Up at Age 75
Twenty Payment Life
15 Year Endowment
20 Year Endowment
25 Year Endowment
Life Paid-Up at Age 65
Double Protection to Age 65
Increasing Life & Endowment
Endowment at Age 80
Cumulative Endowment
Life & Annuity Paid-Up at Age 70
Convertible Life
20 Payment Life - Added Protection w/Options
20 Payment Life - Added Protection
Life Paid-Up At Age 70 or 10 Payment Life
30 Payment Life
15 Payment Life
20 PLAP
Endowment at Age 65 - PULO
Endowment at Age 60
Endowment at Age 65
Life at Age 65
Greater Protection - Union Life Assumed Co.
20 Payment Life
Juvenile 20 Payment Life
20 Payment Life with Options
Life 70
Life Paid-Up at Age 75 with Options
Paid Up Life Option
R65 Intermediate
Endowment at Age 75
Account for Living
First Provider
Brighthouse Promise Whole Life

Promise Whole Life Select 10
Promise Whole Life Select 20
Promise Whole Life Select 65

Brighthouse One Year Term
MetLife Term

					Flexible Premium Universal Life with Coverage Continuation - Guarantee Advantage UL - GAUL (05) (NY only)  
					
MetLife Guaranteed Term
MetLife Premier Accumulator Variable Universal Life

MetLife Insurance Company USA:

Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Universal Life 2005 (except NY)
Joint and Last Survivor Flexible Premium Universal Life Insurance- Joint and Survivor Universal Life 2005 (except NY)  
Flexible Premium Universal Life with Coverage Continuation - Guarantee Advantage UL - GAUL (05) (except NY)
Brighthouse Promise Whole Life

Promise Whole Life Select 10
Promise Whole Life Select 20
Promise Whole Life Select 65

Brighthouse One Year Term
MetLife Term
MetLife Guaranteed Term

New England Financial:

Coli Executive Benefit
Customlife
Economatic
Endowment
Graded Premium Life
Retirement Income
Increasing Whole Life
Juvenile Life
Limited Pay Endowment
Limited Pay Life
Modified Premium Life
Paid Up Family Insurance
Single Premium Life
Whole Life
Survivorship Graded Premium Life
Survivorship Ordinary Life
Variable Life
Variable Survivorship Life
Variable Universal Life
Survivorship Modified Premium Life
Decreasing Premium Life
Limited Pay Variable Life
Decreasing Term
Enterprise Term
Increasing Premium Term
Renewal and Convertible Term
Yearly Renewable Term
First Provider
Flexible Premium Adjustable Life
Private Placement Variable Survivorship Life
ULtraflex Survivorship Life
Zenith Survivorship Life
Zenith Survivorship Life Plus
Zenith Survivorship Life 2002

GenAm Life Products:

MLI USA Guaranteed Level Term
Universal Life-01 (UL-01)*
Joint Survivorship Universal Life (JSUL)*
Universal Life Secondary Guarantee (ULSG)**
Universal Life to Age 100 (UL-100)*
Universal Life to Age 95 (UL-95)*
Class Variable Life (JSVUL-01 & VUL-01)*
Zenith Flexible Life (CCVUL)*
Variable Universal Life 2002*

 
AUTO AND HOME INSURANCE PRODUCTS
MetLife Auto & Home Products:
Auto / RV


Auto


Motorcycle


Recreational Vehicle


Boat


Home / PELP


Home


Mobile Home


Condo


Landlords


Renters


Fire


Personal Excess Liability


Packaged Policy


PAK II


Combo


GrandProtectSM


 
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS
New England Financial Investment Products:

AIM Funds
Alliance Funds
American Funds Services
Calvert Group
CDC NVEST Funds
Davis Funds
Delaware/Voyageur Funds
Dreyfus Funds
Enterprise Fund
Federated
First Eagle (Sogen)
Gabelli Funds
Guardian Investors
IDEX Funds
ING Pilgrim Funds
Invesco Funds
John Hancock Funds
JP Morgan (Vista)
Lord Abbett
Mass Financial Services
Phoenix Equity Planning Corporation
Scudder Investments (Class ABC)
Scudder Investments (Class S)
Selected Funds
State Street Research Funds
Sun America
Van Kampen/Morgan Stanley

 
DISABILITY PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services Disability Products:


Accident & Health


Accident Only


Buy / Sell


Expense Plus


Expense Plus 2005


Income Guard


Mortgage Comp


Omni Plus


Profession Disability Income


Omni Essential


Omni Select


Omni Advantage


Priority Plus


Security Disability Income


Security Disability Residual Income


Simplex


Security Overhead Expense


Salary Saver


Travel Plus


Versatile Income


24 Hour Worldwide Accident


New England Financial Disability Products:

Disability Income
Disability Business Buy-Out
Disability Business Expense

General American Disability Products:

83 DISABILITY INCOME
83 BUSINESS OVERHEAD EXPENSE
86 ANNUALLY RENEWABLE DISABILITY INCOME
86 BUSINESS OVERHEAD EXPENSE BASE
86 DISABILITY INCOME
86 GUARANTEED RENEWABLE DI BASE
86 KEY-PERSON DISABILITY INCOME
86 PROFESSIONAL/EXECUTIVE DISABILITY IN
90 ANNUALLY RENEWABLE DISABILITY INCOME
90 DISABILITY BUY-OUT
90 EMPLOYEE OVERHEAD EXPENSE BASE
90 GUARANTEED RENEWABLE DI BASE
90 Key-Person Disability Income
90 Poe Additional Monthly Overhead Expense
90 Professional Overhead Expense Base
90 Professional/Executive Disability IN
90 Senior Prof/Exec DI
91 Annually Renewable Disability Income
91 Annually Renewable Disability Income Base
91 Disability Buy-Out
91 Employee Overhead Expense Base
91 Professional Overhead Expense Base
91 Professional/Executive Disability Income
Accident
Business And Professional
Business Disability Income
Business Disability Insurance Policy
Business Overhead Expense
Commercial
DI Extension Lifetime
Disability Income
Guaranteed Renewable Disability Income
Residual Disability Income

 
CRITICAL ILLNESS PRODUCTS
MetLife Financial Services:

Critical Illness Insurance

 
LONG TERM CARE PRODUCTS

Long Term Care - LTC-97/VIP Series

 
TOTAL CONTROL ACCOUNT PRODUCTS

Total Control Account Settlement Option
Total Control Account Guaranteed Interest Certificate






 





























Disclaimers
The account balances, values and transaction details presented
	here are derived from our contract administrative system; they are not a
	legal statement of your account. Please refer to your confirmations and
	account statements as records of your account. Investments will
	fluctuate with changes in the securities markets and, therefore, may be
	worth more or less when redeemed.
This report is provided for general informational purposes only,
	and the values contained in this report are simply intended as a general
	guide. Values are presented as available on the date of the report. The
	contents of this report should not be relied upon to compute taxes, for
	lending, or for legal purposes. Please use the individual statements you
	receive directly from the financial institutions to verify the activity
	and value of your accounts, and consult a qualified investment, tax or
	legal professional for advice.
Copyright © 2017 Metropolitan Life
	Insurance Company New York, NY - All Rights Reserved





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Annuities | MetLife




































 menu Close 





 Home 






Search






 




  




 Contact Us


 LOG IN 
      

 











CLOSE



  





MetLife has become aware of a recent phishing attack against some of our customers. ‘Phishing’ is a fraudulent attempt to obtain an individual’s personal information, often through a misleading email, text or other online communication. Keeping your personal information secure is a top priority of MetLife. That's why we encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data, and why we do not ask you to verify your personal or account information by email, text message or online. If you suspect you received a phishing email, please forward it to: phish@metlife.com. Delete the email after you forward it, and do not click on any links it contains. If you believe you entered information into a linked website, change your login information immediately. For helpful hints to protect your personal information, visit the following website: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0003-phishing


Policy holders, please log in here:






 For Individuals For Businesses For Brokers 



For Individuals
MetLife's Online Service - Life, Annuities, Disability, Long-Term Care, Critical Illness, Auto, Home, Total Control Account (eSERVICE)
Benefits Through Your Employer (MyBenefits)




For Businesses
MetLink - Access your company's benefits data
MyBenefits - Benefits Through Your Employer
SBR - Manage executive benefits




For Brokers
MetLife's Online Service - Life, Annuities, Disability, Long-Term Care, Critical Illness, Auto, Home, Total Control Account (eSERVICE)
Benefits Through Your Employer (MyBenefits)








 Select an option MetLink MyBenefits SBR 







 Select an option My Benefits Home Check your group disability claim Check Your Group Disability Claim Check Your Dental Claim/Plan Check Your Retirement Income Retirement Education 














Forgot username or password?
Forgot username or password?
Forgot your password?





Not registered?
Create a new account






By signing in, I agree to the

Terms of Use


Go to MyBenefits without signing in



  other account types 
        




  




FOR BUSINESSES







 MetLink 
 MyBenefits 
 SBR 



FOR RETIREES







 Retirement Plan Access 



FOR INVESTORS







 MetLife Securities Client View 
 NetXInvestor 



FOR PROVIDERS







 Dental Professionals Account 





FOR EMPLOYERS







 Group Benefits Administration 
 Employer - Sponsored Savings Plans Administration 
 Annuities Administration 



FOR BROKERS & CONSULTANTS







 MetBroker 
 MetLife Resources Savings & Annuity Programs 
 MetLife Resources Annuity Programs 
 Structured Settlements Broker Resources 





FOR METLIFE SECURITIES INC. REPRESENTATIVES







 Brokerage & Securities Account 





Account questions? Call 1-866-363-8669 Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET
 Need an account? Register 







 


  

Contact MetLife:
All fields are required














First Name







Last Name







Address







City










 State AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY 




Zip







Email







Phone










 In reference to ... New Product Existing Product/Policy 






 Auto & Home 
 Life Insurance 






Policy/Contract #












SUBMIT 

By clicking Submit, you agree that we* may contact you at the number you've provided, possibly using automated technology or a prerecorded voice, to talk about our products and services. If you don't want to give this permission, you can still get a quote or make a purchase by calling us directly at 1-800-638-5433
*A MetLife company or third party acting on MetLife's behalf.




      Thank you for contacting us.
     

      Someone from MetLife will be reaching shortly to provide you help.
     



      Error!
     

      An error occured while submitting your information.
     



CALL: 1-800-METLIFE



ALL OTHER CONTACT OPTIONS






 INSURANCE INSURANCE









 Auto  
 Dental  
 Disability  
 Home  
 Life  
 Vision  
 Accident & Health  
 
 FOR BUSINESS & BROKERS FOR BUSINESS & BROKERS









 Benefits for Employees  
 Small Business  
 Institutional Retirement  
 Broker Information  
 Institutional Investments  
 
 ABOUT US ABOUT US









 Navigating Life Together  
 Corporate Responsibility  
 Investor Relations  
 Diversity & Inclusion  
 MetLife Foundation  
 Careers  
 Insights  
 Newsroom  
 
 SUPPORT & MANAGE SUPPORT & MANAGE









 Contact Us  
 File a Claim  
 Find a Dentist  
 Find a Vision Provider  
 Forms Library  
 













 Home 
 Support and Manage 
 Current Customers 
Annuity Contract Holders








Annuity Contract Holders
Find out how recent changes at MetLife may affect your annuity contract(s).











MetLife is making some important changes to the way we do business.
We intend to separate a portion of our individual life insurance and annuity business, establishing a company called Brighthouse Financial. While we no longer sell individual annuities, we’re committed to providing current customers with world-class service and support.  
Call us at 1-800-638-7732 and we’ll be happy to help answer any questions you have.  
 




Log in to your account
 View prospectuses and performance reports here 











         Frequently Asked Questions
        

Expand All
Collapse All





Will my annuity remain with MetLife or will it be transitioned to Brighthouse Financial?








If you have an annuity contract that was issued by one of these companies, your annuity has been transitioned to Brighthouse Financial1:

First MetLife Investors Insurance Company (to be renamed Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY)   
MetLife Insurance Company USA (to be renamed Brighthouse Life Insurance Company)  
New England Life Insurance Company 

 
You should receive a letter in the mail explaining the move.
If you have an annuity contract that was issued by one of these companies, your annuity will remain with MetLife:        

General American Life Insurance Company   
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company   
Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company





How do I know which company issued my annuity?








The issuing company for your contract can generally be found on the front page of your contract.




Who can I contact for more information?








You can contact your financial professional with any questions, or reach MetLife at the numbers below:

For General Inquiries: 1-800-638-5433
Individual Annuities: 1-800-638-7732





Can I still purchase a MetLife annuity? How do I purchase a Brighthouse Financial product?








MetLife will generally no longer write new annuity business after March 3, 2017. If you would like to purchase a life or annuity product, you may reach out to your Financial Professional to learn more. You can also learn more about Brighthouse Financial on their website.




What if I want to cancel, or make other changes to my contract?








You may continue to do so, as provided for in your contract. The terms and conditions of your contract have not changed. Ask your financial professional or call 1-800-638-5433 for details.











Blog
  

5 Questions to Ask Before You Retire

A benefits package that fits your vision of retirement is an important part of your financial future.




Blog
  

Simple Answers to Your Money Questions

Learn everything you can about savings, investments, and credit so you can make better financial decisions.





Need Something Else?
Log in to your account
Find a form
View prospectuses and performance reports










1 Brighthouse annuities and life insurance are issued by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Charlotte, NC 28277 and in New York, only by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY, New York, NY 10017 and not MetLife. MetLife, a registered service mark of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, is used under license to Brighthouse Services, LLC and its affiliates.







 About MetLife

 Careers 
 Investor Relations 
 MetLife Foundation 
 Press Room 
 The MetLife Blog 
 
 What's Right for You

 Brokers 
 Businesses/HR Professionals 
 Investments 
 Institutional Retirement 
 Expatriates 
 
 Support

 Forms Library 
 Change Address 
 Healthcare Reform 
 Unclaimed Policy Finder 
 File a Claim 
 
 Contact Us

 Find a Dentist 
 Find a Vision Provider 
 Unsubscribe/Opt Out 
 Domestic Abuse Confidentiality 
 
 My Account

 Login Options 
 Register 
 
 

 





         Country 
       



USA








         Americas
         
 

         USA
         
 

         Argentina
         
 

         Brasil
         
 

         Chile
         
 

         Chile Provida
         
 

         Colombia
         
 

         Mexico
         
 

         Uruguay
         


         Asia
         
 

         Australia
         
 

         Bangladesh
         
 

         China
         
 

         Hong Kong
         
 

         India
         
 

         Japan
         
 

         Korea
         
 

         Malaysia
         
 

         Nepal
         
 

         Vietnam
         


         Europe
         
 

         Bulgaria
         
 

         Cyprus
         
 

         Czech Republic
         
 

         France
         
 

         Greece
         
 

         Hungary
         
 

         Ireland
         
 

         Italy
         
 

         Poland
         
 

         Portugal
         
 

         Romania
         
 

         Russia
         
 

         Slovakia
         
 

         Spain
         
 

         Turkey
         
 

         Ukraine
         
 

         United Kingdom
         


         Middle East and Africa
         
 

         Bahrain
         
 

         Egypt
         
 

         Jordan
         
 

         Kuwait
         
 

         Lebanon
         
 

         Oman
         
 

         United Arab Emirates
         




MetLife Worldwide







Follow us



 



 



 



 





  
CALL: 1-800-METLIFE



Privacy Policy

Legal Notices

Feedback


© 2017 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New York, NY 10166 - All Rights Reserved.
L0317491412[exp0319] 
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









