






























Zacks Investment Research Lowers First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (FCFP) to Hold - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for First Community Financial Partners Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor First Community Financial Partners Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Blair William & Co. IL Raises Position in General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD)
Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHKP) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Sell”
Adidas AG (OTCMKTS:ADDYY) Raised to Market Perform at Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Blackline Safety Corp (BLN) Insider Acquires C$13,875.00 in Stock
Recon Capital Series Trust Recon Capital FTSE 100 ETF (UK) Downgraded to Underperform at Sanford C. Bernstein
Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Sells 30 Shares of American Express Company (AXP)
Centrica PLC (CNA) Insider Acquires £151.70 in Stock
Merck & Company, Inc. (MRK) Stake Boosted by Alexandria Capital LLC
The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Stake Decreased by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC
Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company
Zacks Investment Research Lowers First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (FCFP) to Hold
BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Lions Gate Entertainment Co. Class A Voting Shares (LGF.A) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
4,334 Shares in Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM) Acquired by Citadel Advisors LLC
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company
OppenheimerFunds Inc. Acquires 10,130 Shares of Aegion Corp (AEGN)
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Alcobra Ltd. (ADHD) to Post -$0.13 Earnings Per Share







Zacks Investment Research Lowers First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (FCFP) to Hold


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Monday, July 3rd. 
According to Zacks, “First Community Financial Partners, Inc. is a bank holding company which provides commercial, family and personal banking products and services. First Community Financial Partners, Inc. is headquartered in Joliet, Illinois.   “


 Get First Community Financial Partners Inc. alerts:



Separately, ValuEngine raised shares of First Community Financial Partners from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one  has given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. First Community Financial Partners presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $13.58.





ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (FCFP) to Hold” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/first-community-financial-partners-inc-fcfp-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research-updated-updated.html. 
A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of FCFP. American International Group Inc. increased its position in  First Community Financial Partners by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 8,372 shares of the bank’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 557 shares in the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in  First Community Financial Partners by 29.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 9,311 shares of the bank’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares in the last quarter.  Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. bought a new position in  First Community Financial Partners during the first quarter worth $212,000.  Renaissance Technologies LLC acquired a new position in  First Community Financial Partners during the first quarter valued at approximately $254,000.  Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in  First Community Financial Partners during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $364,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  18.03% of the company’s stock. 
First Community Financial Partners Company Profile
First Community Financial Partners, Inc (First Community) is a bank holding company. The Company has a banking subsidiary, First Community Financial Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service community bank principally engaged in the business of commercial, family and personal banking. The Bank offers customers a range of loan, deposit, and other financial products and services.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on First Community Financial Partners (FCFP)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com





Receive News & Ratings for First Community Financial Partners Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Community Financial Partners Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































First Community Financial Partners Inc (FCFP) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















First Community Financial Partners Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Community Financial Partners Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



OppenheimerFunds Inc. Increases Stake in Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII)					

OppenheimerFunds Inc. Buys New Stake in Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB)					

Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Shares Bought by First Interstate Bank					

United Services Automobile Association Sells 3,168 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)					

Jones Financial Companies Lllp Boosts Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)					

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS) Shares Sold by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan					

FedEx Corporation (FDX) Shares Bought by Covington Investment Advisors Inc.					

First Community Financial Partners Inc (FCFP) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P.					

American International Group Inc. Has $269,000 Position in Intersect ENT, Inc. (NASDAQ:XENT)					

Alliancebernstein L.P. Lowers Stake in Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (NYSE:BKD)					

The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Position Held by Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY					

Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 3,531 Shares of KBR, Inc. (NYSE:KBR)					

Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) Shares Sold by Alliancebernstein L.P.					

American International Group Inc. Has $270,000 Stake in TerraForm Global, Inc. (GLBL)					

American International Group Inc. Cuts Stake in Wingstop Inc. (NASDAQ:WING)					

Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT)					

Leisure Capital Management Boosts Position in Citigroup Inc. (C)					

Stifel Financial Corp Raises Stake in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)					

Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Stake Maintained by Princeton Capital Management Inc.					

Schroder Investment Management Group Acquires 37,531 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE)					





 





						First Community Financial Partners Inc (FCFP) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P.					

						 July 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Alliancebernstein L.P. reduced its position in  First Community Financial Partners Inc (NASDAQ:FCFP) by 9.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 118,331 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 13,003 shares during the period. Alliancebernstein L.P.’s holdings in First Community Financial Partners were worth $1,509,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of FCFP. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of  First Community Financial Partners during the fourth quarter worth about $364,000.  Gluskin Sheff & Assoc Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  First Community Financial Partners during the first quarter worth about $4,370,000.  State Street Corp raised its position in shares of  First Community Financial Partners by 13.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 154,471 shares of the bank’s stock worth $1,807,000 after buying an additional 18,449 shares during the period.  Context BH Capital Management LP acquired a new position in shares of  First Community Financial Partners during the first quarter worth about $801,000.  Finally, American International Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  First Community Financial Partners by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 8,372 shares of the bank’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 557 shares during the period. 18.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/25/first-community-financial-partners-inc-fcfp-stake-reduced-by-alliancebernstein-l-p.html. 




A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on FCFP shares. Zacks Investment Research raised First Community Financial Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. ValuEngine raised First Community Financial Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one  has assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.58.
About First Community Financial Partners
First Community Financial Partners, Inc (First Community) is a bank holding company. The Company has a banking subsidiary, First Community Financial Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service community bank principally engaged in the business of commercial, family and personal banking. The Bank offers customers a range of loan, deposit, and other financial products and services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FCFP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Community Financial Partners Inc (NASDAQ:FCFP).






Receive News & Ratings for First Community Financial Partners Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Community Financial Partners Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
























First Busey Corporation Finalizes Acquisition of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and First Community Financial Bank - NASDAQ.com








































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for BUSE


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire



First Busey Announces 2017 Second Quarter Earnings
First Busey Corporation Finalizes Acquisition of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and First Community Financial Bank



Referenced Stocks


BUSE
0%
Rate It





First Busey Corporation Finalizes Acquisition of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and First Community Financial Bank


By GlobeNewswire,  July 03, 2017, 10:00:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A









CHAMPAIGN, Ill., July  03, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- First Busey Corporation ("Busey") (NASDAQ:BUSE), the holding company for Busey Bank, today announced the completion of its previously announced merger with First Community Financial Partners, Inc. ("First Community") (NASDAQ:FCFP), the holding company for First Community Financial Bank. The transaction was announced on February 6, 2017.
Under the terms of the definitive agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each share of First Community common stock issued and outstanding as of the effective time was converted into and constituted the right to receive 0.396 shares of Busey common stock and $1.35 in cash. Based on Busey's five-day volume weighted average closing price of $29.27 on June 30, 2017, the implied per share purchase price was $12.94 with an aggregate transaction value of approximately $235.5 million. Busey will operate First Community Financial Bank as a separate banking subsidiary of Busey until it is merged with Busey Bank, which is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2017.
First Busey President and Chief Executive Officer Van A. Dukeman said, "This business combination is consistent with our strategy of expanding into markets with both population and commercial density in the Midwest through disciplined partnerships with companies who have similar operating and cultural philosophies. Joining together with First Community offers significant growth possibilities for the combined associate, customer, community and shareholder base."
First Community had total consolidated assets of $1.34 billion, total loans of $1.05 billion and total deposits of $1.11 billion as of March 31, 2017.
Roy C. Thygesen, Chief Executive Officer of First Community, said, "We are excited First Community customers will be able to take advantage of an expanded array of commercial, consumer and wealth management services and capabilities. As importantly, our combined size gives us the lending capacity to support growth in our clients' credit needs for years to come, delivered in the community banking approach they have come to expect, by the same experienced professionals they know and trust."
Both companies value an engaged and empowered workforce and are committed to building a premier, service-oriented, community experience. Busey has been consistently recognized among the Best Places to Work in Illinoissince 2016 by Best Companies Group and additional partners, as well as named one of the 2016 Best Banks to Work For by American Banker magazine. Further, both Busey and First Community were named among the top performing small-cap banks and thrifts—Sm-All Stars—by Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. in 2016; they were two of only 26 selected in the nation, and the only two Illinois banks to be named. 
Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum & Nagelberg LLP served as legal counsel to First Busey Corporation and Stephens Inc. served as financial advisor and provided a fairness opinion to First Busey Corporation. Howard & Howard Attorneys PLLC served as legal counsel to First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and FIG Partners served as financial advisor and provided a fairness opinion to First Community Financial Partners, Inc.
Busey Corporate ProfileFollowing the merger, First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ:BUSE) is an approximately $7 billion financial holding company headquartered in Champaign, Illinois. Busey Bank, First Busey Corporation's wholly-owned bank subsidiary, is also headquartered in Champaign, Illinois and has twenty-eight banking centers serving Illinois, thirteen banking centers in the St. Louis, Missouri metropolitan area, five banking centers serving southwest Florida and a banking center in Indianapolis, Indiana. Busey Bank also offers mortgage loan products through fifteen loan production offices in the St. Louis, Kansas City, Chicago, Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan areas and across the Midwest. Trevett Capital Partners, a wealth management division of Busey Bank, provides asset management, investment and fiduciary services to high net worth clients in southwest Florida. Busey Bank had total assets of $5.4 billion as of March 31, 2017.
First Community Financial Bank, First Busey Corporation's wholly-owned bank subsidiary acquired in the merger, is headquartered in Joliet, Illinois. First Community Financial Bank has nine locations in Joliet, Plainfield, Homer Glen, Channahon, Naperville, Burr Ridge, Mazon, Braidwood, and Diamond, Illinois. 
In addition, First Busey Corporation owns a payment processing subsidiary, FirsTech, Inc., through Busey Bank, which processes over 27 million transactions per year using online bill payment, lockbox processing and walk-in payments at its 3,000 agent locations in 36 states.
Busey Wealth Management, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Busey Corporation. Through Busey Trust Company, Busey Wealth Management provides asset management, investment and fiduciary services to individuals, businesses and foundations. As of March 31, 2017, Busey Wealth Management's assets under care were approximately $5.5 billion.
For more information about us, visit www.busey.com.
Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking StatementsStatements made in this report, other than those concerning historical financial information, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of First Busey.  Forward-looking statements, which may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of First Busey's management and on information currently available to management, are generally identifiable by the use of words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should" or other similar expressions.  Additionally, all statements in this document, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events.  A number of factors, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements.  These factors include, among others, the following: (i) the strength of the local, national and international economy; (ii) the economic impact of any future terrorist threats or attacks; (iii) changes in state and federal laws, regulations and governmental policies concerning First Busey's general business (including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and the extensive regulations to be promulgated thereunder, as well as the Basel III Rules); (iv) changes in interest rates and prepayment rates of First Busey's assets; (v) increased competition in the financial services sector and the inability to attract new customers; (vi) changes in technology and the ability to develop and maintain secure and reliable electronic systems; (vii) the loss of key executives or employees; (viii) changes in consumer spending; (ix) unexpected results of current and/or future acquisitions, which may include failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and the possibility that the transaction costs may be greater than anticipated; (x) unexpected outcomes of existing or new litigation involving First Busey;  (xi) changes in accounting policies and practices; and (xii) the economic impact of exceptional weather occurrences such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, and blizzards.  These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements.  Additional information concerning First Busey and its business, including additional factors that could materially affect its financial results, is included in First Busey's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
CONTACT:
Amy Randolph
217.365.4049
amy.randolph@busey.com







Source: First Busey Corporation





                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            BUSE,
 FCFP




Latest News Video

Weekend events with Meredith Dunkel... Why Carlyle Group's Ullman Whistles... Despite Slumping PC Market, Intel P... موسكو تحمل واشنطن مسؤولية تدهور الع... 








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Heads for Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 03:56 PM
					



Tesla, Inc.'s Model 3: What We Know So Far


						7/28/2017 03:51 PM
					



Trump Torpedoes U.S. Steel Stock: What You Need to Know


						7/28/2017 03:43 PM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































 

First Community Financial Partners,Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  First Community Financial Partners,Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or...     SEC Filings  First Community Financial Partners,Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets  ByME Staff 8-k -July 3, 2017 29  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 First Community Financial Partners,Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of AssetsItem 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
On July2, 2017, First Community Financial Partners,Inc., an Illinois corporation (“First Community”), merged with and into First Busey Corporation (the “Merger”), a Nevada corporation (“First Busey”), with First Busey as the surviving corporation, to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February6, 2017, by and between First Busey and First Community (the “MergerAgreement”). At the effective time of the Merger, each share of First Community common stock converted to the right to receive 0.396 shares of common stock of First Busey and $1.35 in cash. The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit2.1 to First Busey’s Current Report on Form8-K dated February6, 2017, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Ruleor Standard; Transfer of Listing.
On June30, 2017, First Community notified the NASDAQ Stock Market (“NASDAQ”) that the anticipated closing of the Merger would occur on July2, 2017 and requested that NASDAQ suspend trading of First Community’s common stock. Following such request, NASDAQ withdrew the listing of First Community’s common stock and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a notification of removal from listing on Form25 to deregister First Community’s common stock under Section12(b)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.
The information set forth under Items 2.01, 3.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.
Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.
The information set forth under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
As a result of the Merger, on July2, 2017, each of First Community’s directors ceased to be a director of First Community, and each of First Community’s officers ceased to be an officer of First Community.
Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
As a result of the Merger, on July2, 2017, the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and the Bylaws, as amended, of First Community ceased to be in effect.
 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits.    Exhibit No.   Description     2.1   Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February6, 2017, between First Community Financial Partners,Inc. and First Busey Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit2.1 to First Community Financial Partners,Inc.’s Current Report on Form8-K filed on February6, 2017)*       *   Certain schedules to this agreement have been omitted to Item601(b)(2)of RegulationS-K and First Busey, on behalf of First Community, agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedule upon request.      About First Community Financial Partners,Inc. (NASDAQ:FCFP) First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (First Community) is a bank holding company. The Company has a banking subsidiary, First Community Financial Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service community bank principally engaged in the business of commercial, family and personal banking. The Bank offers customers a range of loan, deposit, and other financial products and services through approximately six full-service banking offices located in Cook, DuPage, and Will Counties, Illinois. The Bank also offers customers a range of financial products and services that are related or ancillary to loans and deposits, including cash management, funds transfers, bill payment and other online banking transactions, automated teller machines and safe deposit boxes. Its deposit accounts include non-interest-bearing demand deposits, negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) and money market accounts, savings deposits and time deposits. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      HYPERDYNAMICS CORPORATION (OTCMKTS:HDYN) Files An 8-K Other Events    TAUTACHROME INC. (OTCMKTS:TTCM) Files An 8-K Other Events    H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:HEES) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure     AMERISERV FINANCIAL, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASRV) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Syntel, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNT) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (NYSE:FCH) Files An 8-K Other Events  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Analyst Activity – Credit Suisse Group Initiates Coverage On Beazley Plc (NASDAQ:BZLYF) With a Outperform 
 Analyst Activity – Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy on Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) 
 Analyst Activity – Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy on BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) 
 Analyst Activity – Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reiterates Sell on Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ:BHGE) 
 Analyst Activity – Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage On Bright Horizons Family Solutions (NYSE:BFAM) With a Buy 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37738LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1252Biotech Stocks1171Stock Market News1117Small Caps712Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 







































First Community Financial Partners Inc - :FCFP - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















First Community Financial Partners Inc (FCFP)
Follow




                                12.90
                            







Jun 30, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  13.10


Day Low/High

                                    12.90 /
                                    13.10


52 Wk Low/High

                                    8.35 /
                                    13.90
                                


Avg Volume 
32.40K











Exchange



Shares Outstanding
17.81M


Market Cap
229.80M


EPS
0.20


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




FCFP Crosses Above Average Analyst Target






First Community Financial Partners Reaches Analyst Target Price













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Apr 25, 2017 5:02 PM EDT









FCFP Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of First Community Financial Partners Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $12.67, changing hands for $12.85/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Mar 31, 2017 9:03 AM EDT









FCFP Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of First Community Financial Partners Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $12.67, changing hands for $12.70/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Feb 10, 2017 9:52 AM EST













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Jan 23, 2017 4:37 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  DLHC, FCFP, FSS, HRTG, L, LPSN, MLNX
    
Downgrades:  DNBF, ESRT, HTBI, KTEC, OMAM, VLP, WNRL
    
Initiations:  FPAY
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Nov 21, 2016 11:00 AM EST













FCFP Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of First Community Financial Partners Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $10.33, changing hands for $10.35/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Nov 16, 2016 8:59 AM EST













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Oct 24, 2016 7:30 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AVG, CIT, CRNT, CX, EGL, FOE, GOOD, ISNS, KRNT, KTEC, LBY, LPX, MIXT, MPC, MTSI, NATR, NVTA, REGN, SSTK
    
Downgrades:  CBPX, DVA, FCFP, ITG, PBH, STN
    
Initiations:  CFMS, JCAP, LILA, LILAK, NIHD, PYPL
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Aug 9, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Jul 21, 2016 5:02 PM EDT













First Community Financial Partners Becomes Oversold (FCFP)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jun 3, 2016 12:04 PM EDT













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Apr 27, 2016 6:48 PM EDT













First Community Financial Bank Adds Commercial Team Lead


Mar 22, 2016 6:21 PM EDT













First Community Financial Bank And Mazon State Bank To Merge


Mar 14, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













First Community Financial Bank Adds Commercial Banking Team


Mar 2, 2016 1:03 PM EST













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Year End 2015 Financial Results
Earnings Per Share Increase 78%; Total Assets Eclipse $1 Billion

Jan 20, 2016 5:34 PM EST













First Community Financial Partners Is Added To The American Bankers Association ABA NASDAQ Community Bank Index


Dec 2, 2015 5:18 PM EST













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results
Company Eclipsed $1.0 Billion in Assets, Demonstrated Continued Earnings Per Share Growth

Oct 16, 2015 4:35 PM EDT













First Community Financial Partners To Ring Closing Bell At NASDAQ On Monday, August 3, 2015


Jul 29, 2015 2:41 PM EDT













First Community Financial Partners, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results
Results Reflect Improved Profitability and Revised Capital Structure; NASDAQ Trading Commenced July 17th

Jul 21, 2015 6:56 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades: ABT, CZNC, ELS, GE, THS
    
Downgrades: HTZ, MMYT, OLN, RBCAA, RDCM, SWC, TNAV, UGP, YY
    
Initiations:  FCFP, SSE
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jul 20, 2015 11:00 AM EDT






























Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 6/30/2017


B
(Buy)






Get the (FCFP) Report Here 







From Our Partners



First Community Financial reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



eBay Bids

SeekingAlpha



Icahn Bails On Trump Taj Mahal

SeekingAlpha



First Community Financial Partners downgraded to Hold from Buy at Maxim

The Fly



Heads, You Win; Tails, You Still Win

SeekingAlpha



Financials - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 1:00 PM

SeekingAlpha



First Community Financial misses by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Financials - Top Gainers / Losers as of 1:00 PM

SeekingAlpha



First Community Financial downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Hovde Group

The Fly



First Community Financial EPS of $0.24

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

B (Buy)



Get the (FCFP) Report Here 













 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 









































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      



















First Community Financial Bank | Personal, Business and Commercial Banking























































Online Banking
Contact
Investor Relations
Connect Facebook
LinkedIn






Not yet enrolled? Sign Up Here.





















































 
Banking Where People Come First Take a close look and discover what a real community bank is all about.


Better Together
First Community is excited to grow forward with Busey. Learn
more about this partnership.

Read More




Personal Banking
For flexible loan and deposit options, we're the community bank with people you know

Read More




Business Solutions
For commercial loans and cash management, 
           	      we're the community bank for business

Read More




Client Perspectives
Because in the end, we know the customer's
           	      perception is all the matters

Read More




Our Locations
Meet the people dedicated to meeting your needs
           	      and the needs of our communities

Read More




Mortgage Loans
Whether you’re buying or refinancing, you’ll enjoy
           	      more options and great personal service

Read More
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













FCFP | First Community Financial Partners Inc Stock - Investing.com


















































 













































x




Breaking News












How would you best describe yourself?
Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Active Trader 


Thank you!











 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





 



 


 




















First Community Financial Partners Inc (FCFP)	


 
NASDAQ








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume
Earnings





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once


Follow First Community Financial Partners's earnings
For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














12.9000
0.0000
  
0.00%



30/06 - Closed. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US31985Q1067 


CUSIP:
31985Q106

 



Volume: 0
Bid/Ask: 0.0000 / 0.0000
Day's Range: 12.9000 - 13.1000

 
START TRADING NOW 





First Community Financial Partners
12.9000
0.0000
0.00%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming Chart
Interactive Chart




News & Analysis
 
 


News
Analysis & Opinion




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data




FCFP Overview

 
			

Information about the First Community Financial Partners Inc Stock. You can find more details by going to one of the sections under this page such as historical data, charts, technical analysis and others.









 




 
      Candlestick Chart
 Area Chart


1
5
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M


 
      Show/Hide News

Technical Chart 



Loading


        Last Update: 


1 Day
1 Week
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
5 years
Max







Prev. Close12.9Day's Range12.9 - 13.1Revenue51.23MOpen13.0552 wk Range8.63 - 13.9EPS0.7VolumeN/AMarket Cap229.8MDividend (Yield)0 (N/A)Average Vol. (3m)35,278P/E Ratio18.39Beta - 0.31-Year Change43.65%Shares Outstanding17,814,270Next Earnings DateN/A



Technical Summary




Type
5 mins
15 mins
Hourly
Daily
Monthly




Moving Averages
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Sell
Buy


Technical Indicators
Strong Sell
Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Buy


Summary
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Buy




Candlestick Patterns



 
Filter Table By:



Candle Sticks Characteristics:

                Time Frame                
ALL
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M



                Type                
ALL
Bullish
Bearish



                Pattern Indication                
ALL
Reversal
Continuation



                Reliability                
High / Mid / Low
High / Mid
High Only





Apply Restore Default Settings





Pattern
Timeframe
Reliability
Candles Ago
Candle Time




Emerging Patterns



Belt Hold Bearish
30

Current



Engulfing Bearish
30

Current


Completed Patterns



Bullish Engulfing
1D

4
Jun 26, 2017



Morning Doji Star
1D

4
Jun 26, 2017



Morning Star
1D

4
Jun 26, 2017






First Community Financial Partners Inc News & Analysis

News




First Busey Corporation Finalizes Acquisition of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and First Community Financial Bank
By Yahoo! Finance - Jul 03, 2017





First Busey Corporation Finalizes Acquisition of First Community Financial Partners, Inc. and First Community Financial Bank
By Globenewswire - Jul 03, 2017





ETFs with exposure to First Community Financial Partners, Inc. : June 8, 2017
By Yahoo! Finance - Jun 08, 2017




Analysis




Why First Community Financial Partners (FCFP) Stock Might Be A Great Pick
By Zacks Investment Research - Nov 14, 2016 



American Capital (ACAS) Q3 Earnings Lag On Low Revenues
By Zacks Investment Research - Nov 03, 2016 






Find A Broker



























 Trending Stocks




Create Alert
Add to Portfolio

 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
 









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 



 Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile






Condition


Price
Change
Volume
Earnings





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









_fpb_save Manage my alerts 



Back 






 
 Name 
 Last 
 High 
 Low 
 Chg. 
 Chg. %
 Vol.
 Time





 
Amazon.com
1,020.04
1,032.85
1,001.00
-25.96
-2.48%
7.62M
20:00:01
 


 
Apple
149.50
150.23
149.19
-1.06
-0.70%
16.83M
20:00:05
 


 
Tesla
335.07
339.60
332.51
+0.61
+0.18%
4.84M
20:00:02
 


 
AK Steel
5.465
5.951
5.310
-0.515
-8.61%
55.56M
20:00:00
 


 
Facebook
172.45
173.43
169.05
+2.01
+1.18%
24.04M
20:00:02
 


 
Starbucks
54.00
55.96
53.41
-5.50
-9.24%
52.72M
20:00:02
 


 
United States Steel
22.98
24.50
22.79
-2.02
-8.08%
34.60M
20:00:00
 


 
AMD
13.950
14.100
13.680
-0.170
-1.20%
66.36M
20:00:01
 


 
Netflix
184.04
185.03
181.20
+1.36
+0.74%
6.17M
20:00:01
 


 
Micron
29.28
29.98
28.96
-0.96
-3.17%
30.66M
20:00:01
 





First Community Financial Partners Inc Company Profile

IndustryRegional Banks
SectorFinancial
Employees131
Equity TypeORD


First Community Financial Partners, Inc. (First Community) is a bank holding company. The Company has a banking subsidiary, First Community Financial Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a full-service community bank principally engaged in the business of commercial, family and personal banking. The Bank offers customers a range of loan, deposit, and other financial products and services. The Bank also offers customers a range of financial products and services that are related or ancillary to loans and deposits, including cash management, funds transfers, bill payment and other online banking transactions, automated teller machines and safe deposit boxes. The Bank's loan portfolio consists primarily of non-residential real estate loans, which include owner occupied commercial real estate and investor commercial real estate, multi-family, construction and land development loans.
Read More


Start Trading With Top Industry Brokers



Brokers
Regulation
Minimum Deposit






U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States), Securities and Exchange Commission (United States)


Start Trading 



U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States)
$250

Start Trading 





My Sentiments



Add your sentiment:


or





 



Members' Sentiments:


Bullish
0%
Bearish
100%








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read Investing.com's comments guidelines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 
 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P 500 Futures2,470.00-2.00-0.08%  Nasdaq Futures5,912.50+3.00+0.05%  Dow 3021,830.31+33.76+0.15%  S&P 500 VIX10.35+0.24+2.37%  DAX12,162.70-49.34-0.40%  Nikkei 22519,959.84-119.80-0.60%  US Dollar Index93.18-0.59-0.63%  Euro Index93.73+0.38+0.40%  Gold1,269.41+9.41+0.75%  Silver16.712+0.139+0.84%  Copper2.877-0.001-0.02%  Crude Oil WTI49.73+0.69+1.41%  Brent Oil52.55+1.06+2.06%  Natural Gas2.942-0.025-0.84%  US Cotton #268.78-0.11-0.16%  US Coffee C137.98+2.43+1.79%  EUR/USD1.1752+0.0075+0.64%  GBP/USD1.3146+0.0081+0.62%  USD/JPY110.65-0.60-0.54%  USD/CAD1.2441-0.0114-0.91%  AUD/USD0.7986+0.0019+0.24%  USD/CNH6.7348-0.0092-0.14%  ETH/USD191.01-8.88-4.44%  BTC/USD2,770.1+201.9+7.86%  US 10Y Yield2.289-0.021-0.91%  US 30Y Yield2.894-0.033-1.14%  US 2Y Yield1.351-0.008-0.57%  US 5Y Yield1.832-0.013-0.69%  US 10Y T-Note125.94+0.18+0.14%  US 30Y T-Bond153.14+0.62+0.41%  Euro Bund162.03-0.13-0.08%  UK Gilt126.19-0.19-0.15%  Start Trading Today 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1752

+0.0075 +0.64%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 5

 



EUR/USD
1.1752

+0.0075 +0.64%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 5



GBP/USD
1.3146

+0.0081 +0.62%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 4
Sell 8



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 4



USD/JPY
110.66

-0.59 -0.53%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 10
Sell 2



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 1



AUD/USD
0.7986

+0.0019 +0.24%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 4



USD/CAD
1.2441

-0.0114 -0.91%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 11
Sell 1



Indicators:
Buy 5
Sell 0



EUR/JPY
130.04

+0.16 +0.12%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 6



EUR/CHF
1.1393

+0.0127 +1.13%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 7
Sell 5



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 6



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1752
Strong Sell
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3146
Sell
 


 
 
USD/JPY
110.66
Strong Buy
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7986
Strong Sell
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2441
Strong Buy
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.04
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1393
Neutral
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading Today 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  FCFP12.90000.00000.00% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
MO
66.87
-9.59%
52.84M

 


 
SBUX
54.00
-9.24%
52.72M

 


 
FB
172.45
+1.18%
24.04M

 


 
AAPL
149.50
-0.70%
16.83M

 


 
BABA
157.54
+2.20%
14.20M

 


 
BIDU
220.00
+9.45%
12.56M

 


 
AMZN
1,020.04
-2.48%
7.62M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
BIDU
220.00
+9.45%
12.56M

 


 
FSLR
48.87
+9.06%
9.23M

 


 
MHK
248.78
+4.38%
1.14M

 


 
COL
113.74
+4.33%
2.77M

 


 
LYB
89.74
+3.71%
3.70M

 


 
HIG
54.82
+3.59%
4.27M

 


 
EXPE
159.50
+3.40%
4.33M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
FLS
41.30
-10.93%
6.68M

 


 
MO
66.87
-9.59%
52.84M

 


 
SBUX
54.00
-9.24%
52.72M

 


 
GT
32.51
-8.37%
17.91M

 


 
MAT
19.64
-7.82%
22.83M

 


 
WDC
84.97
-7.54%
11.13M

 


 
SCG
61.30
-6.60%
2.35M

 

 


Promotions

 
Should You Try Trading New Markets?
Nadex 

 
Webinars






Identify sell and buy market areas

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Does your trading edge suck? Lets fix it

Thursday, August 3, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Intraday indicator Pivot point (daily formula)

Tuesday, August 8, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Neurolinguistics programming & trading psychology

Tuesday, August 15, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 





   
















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 











  FCMP Stock Quote - First Community Financial Partners Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Community Financial Partners Inc   FCMP:US      Ticker Change   FCMP:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Financials   % Price Change +0.03%     Industry Banks   % Price Change -0.60%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   First Community Financial Partners, Inc. is a bank holding company owning or controlling one and more banks.    Address  2801 Black RoadJoliet, IL 60435United States   Phone  1-815-725-0123   Website   www.fcbankgroup.com     Executives Board Members    Roy C Thygesen  Chief Executive Officer    Patrick J Roe  President/COO     Show More         