
























First Foundation Advisors Lowers Position in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Bell Bank Lowers Stake in Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA)
First Foundation Advisors Lowers Position in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)
Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $2.71 Million Stake in Hercules Capital, Inc. (NYSE:HTGC)
PennantPark Investment Corporation (NASDAQ:PNNT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Compass Point
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ:HBAN) Upgraded to “Hold” by BidaskClub
Smith Moore & CO. Has $516,000 Position in Duke Energy Corporation (NYSE:DUK)
HSBC Holdings plc Upgrades National Grid Transco, PLC (NYSE:NGG) to “Buy”
Stevens Capital Management LP Invests $11.27 Million in Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)
Miller Investment Management LP Continues to Hold Stake in Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT)
8,444 Shares in General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) Acquired by Campbell & CO Investment Adviser LLC
First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (NYSE:FCF) Director Purchases 5,000 Shares
Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) Upgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Ted Baker plc (LON:TED) Receives Buy Rating from Liberum Capital
Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $6.09 Million Stake in Southern Company (The) (NYSE:SO)
Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC Purchases 4,029 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE)
Ecopetrol S.A. (NYSE:EC) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Sell
Brokerages Set State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) PT at $87.71
Shire PLC (LON:SHP) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital
Petrofac Limited (LON:PFC) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc.


 


First Foundation Advisors Lowers Position in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

First Foundation Advisors lowered its position in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 29.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 7,913 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 3,264 shares during the period. First Foundation Advisors’ holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $474,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Renaissance Investment Group LLC raised its position in Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Renaissance Investment Group LLC now owns 7,972 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $477,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Emerson Electric by 0.8% in the first quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 4,689 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $281,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Cadence Bank NA raised its position in shares of Emerson Electric by 0.3% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 12,322 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $738,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Lourd Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lourd Capital LLC now owns 9,242 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $553,000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Howland Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 15,982 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $957,000 after buying an additional 66 shares in the last quarter. 68.88% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR) traded down 0.02% during trading on Monday, reaching $60.03. 1,795,015 shares of the company traded hands. Emerson Electric Company has a 12-month low of $49.22 and a 12-month high of $64.36. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.64 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $59.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.61. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.57 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “First Foundation Advisors Lowers Position in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)” was reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/first-foundation-advisors-sells-3264-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-nyseemr-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on EMR shares. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Cowen and Company reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. TheStreet raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price objective (up from $65.00) on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Emerson Electric currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 








































Client Support | First Foundation Inc.















































Skip to main content










Client Support












Business Online Services




Digital Banking Support Hours: 


 


8:00AM to 5:00PM (PST)

			Toll Free: (888) 698-7442
			Email: digitalbanking@ff-inc.com




 


 


 




BillPay Support Hours: 


 


4:00AM to 10:00PM (PST)

			Toll Free: (855) 203-1043




 
 
Virtual Support
First Foundation is also available for virtual support via WebEx. Click here to get started.
 
Report a Lost or Stolen ATM or Debit Card
Support Hours: Any time
Toll Free: (800) 472-3272
For cards issued from Pacific Rim Bank
Toll Free: (800) 528-2273
 
 
First Foundation Bank and Trust Service Issues
Please call the above numbers for the services listed. If you require additional support for other banking services, or wish to inquire on other services we have available, please contact your banker by phone, text, email, or leave a message on their direct line any time of day. We appreciate your business and are committed to earning it 24 hours a day.
 
Reorder Center


Reorder Personal Checks


Reorder Business Checks


 
Knowledge Center

Video Education and Product Information
Comprehensive videos that explain our online services specialized education.








Additional Support
Our banking team is ready to assist.

  Have Us Contact You
    Visit a Branch Near You
  Contact Us





 
















Home | First Foundation Inc.
















































Skip to main content























Wealth & well-being startswith a strong foundation.







Online Loan Application
Apply for a loan with First Foundation Bank online by clicking here





Business Mobile
First Foundation Bank Business Mobile is now available in your app store




New & Noteworthy











Personal Banking






Explore
Personal Banking





Personal Banking Home
Checking
Savings
Online & Mobile Banking
Home Lending
Loans & Lines
Support & Order Center
Insurance








Business Banking






Explore
Business Banking





Business Banking Home
Checking & Savings
Business Lending
Cre Lending
Specialty Deposits
Treasury Management
Equipment Finance

Insurance









Private Wealth Management






Explore
Private Wealth Management





Private Wealth Home
Investment Management
Wealth Planning
Our Team
Trust Services
Family Enterprise Consulting
Philanthropy Services
Insurance

































 
New & Noteworthy


First Foundation Announces Recipients of 2017 ‘Supporting Our Communities’ Award
More >
  








Investor Relations

  Executive Management
  Corporate Governance
  SEC Filings
  Events Calendar
  Financial Reports & Presentations
  Shareholder Services











Press Releases


 


07/26/2017
First Foundation Announces 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results
 



07/06/2017
First Foundation Bank Appoints Larry Scarpone as Vice President, Credit Manager of Equipment Finance
 



06/15/2017
First Foundation to Acquire Community 1st Bank
 
 



    Read More  
 







Media Mentions


 


07/17/2017
Advisers bracing for Fed's unprecedented bond sale
 



06/15/2017
First Foundation Buys Bank
 



06/29/2017
M&A at midyear: Lackluster volume but attention-getting prices
 
 



    Read More  
 







Thought Leadership


 


07/27/2017
A Not-So-Lonely Planet
 



06/28/2017
Vacation Cyber Safety Travel Tips
 



05/22/2017
The Dilemma of the Family Business – To Sell or Not to Sell
 
 



    Read More  
 











Connect with us
Receive timely updates about First Foundation as well as content from our team of experts about the markets, the economy, and investments.





Receive our newsletter

Subscribe here






Have us contact you
Tell us when & how






Follow us on social
LinkedIn




















First Foundation Inc - NASDAQ:FFWM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















First Foundation Inc (FFWM)
Follow




                                    17.38
                                

0.21
1.20




                        NASDAQ : Financial
                    

Jul 28, 2017 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  17.59


Open
17.58


Day Low/High

                                    17.36 /
                                    17.69


52 Wk Low/High

                                    19.87 /
                                    24.89
                                


Volume
101.90K


Avg Volume 
99.70K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
33.34M


Market Cap
586.16M


EPS
0.70


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            18.51
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Ratings Changes Today











First Foundation Announces 2017 Second Quarter Financial Results

















First Foundation Bank Appoints Larry Scarpone As Vice President, Credit Manager Of Equipment Finance
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today they have hired Larry Scarpone as Vice...

Jul 6, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









First Foundation Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM) ("First Foundation"), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that it will report...

Jun 23, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP Is Investigating First Foundation Inc. For Potential Breaches Of Fiduciary Duty By Its Board Of Directors


Jun 20, 2017 9:50 AM EDT









First Foundation To Acquire Community 1st Bank
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM) ("First Foundation"), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, and Community 1st Bancorp (OTCBB:...

Jun 15, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









First Foundation Announces Increase In Availability Under Loan Agreement
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank ("FFB"), today announced that it entered into the First...

May 22, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









First Foundation Announces Recipients Of 2017 'Supporting Our Communities' Award
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced the recipients of 'Supporting Our...

May 16, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









First Foundation Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors ("FFA") and First Foundation Bank ("FFB"), announced today its financial results for...

Apr 24, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









First Foundation Bank Appoints Kori Dolkas And Justin Stewart As Vice President, Branch Managers Of Two Of Its California Locations
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today the appointments of Kori Dolkas and...

Apr 20, 2017 4:30 PM EDT









First Foundation Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that it will report its financial...

Apr 3, 2017 4:36 PM EDT









First Foundation To Participate In Raymond James 38th Annual Institutional Investors Conference
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced that CEO, Scott F.

Feb 28, 2017 9:00 AM EST









First Foundation Announces Launch Of At-The-Market Equity Offering
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced the initiation of an up to $80 million...

Feb 16, 2017 10:00 PM EST









First Foundation Announces New Loan Agreement
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank ("FFB"), today announced that it entered into a loan...

Feb 9, 2017 9:00 AM EST









First Foundation Announces 2016 Financial Results
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors ("FFA") and First Foundation Bank ("FFB"), announced today its financial results for...

Feb 6, 2017 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Advisors Appoint Daniel Fan As Director Of Wealth Planning
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today they have appointed Daniel Fan as...

Jan 24, 2017 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Bank Appoints Nathan Holt As Assistant Vice President, Branch Manager Of Las Vegas Location
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today they have hired Nathan Holt as Assistant...

Jan 20, 2017 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that it will report its financial...

Jan 6, 2017 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Announces Two-for-One Stock Split
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that its Board of Directors has declared...

Dec 22, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Completes Branch Acquisition Transaction
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced the completion of the previously...

Dec 12, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Reaches Analyst Target Price
In recent trading, shares of First Foundation Inc have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $29.33, changing hands for $29.68/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Dec 8, 2016 9:21 AM EST













First Foundation Files Shelf Registration
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM) (the "Company"), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today that it has filed a...

Dec 7, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Appoints Shelly O'Byrne As Senior Vice President, Director Of Trust Services
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced they have appointed Shelly O'Byrne as Senior...

Dec 2, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Announces Open Application Window For Its 2017 "Supporting Our Communities" Initiative
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, announced today that the Supporting Our Communities...

Nov 22, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation's Scott Kavanaugh And Doug Freeman Named Among Orange County's Most Influential Business Leaders On "OC500" List
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that two members of the firm's executive...

Nov 14, 2016 4:30 PM EST













First Foundation To Attend FBR 23rd Annual Investor Conference
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that members of the Company's leadership...

Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EST













First Foundation Announces 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors ("FFA") and First Foundation Bank ("FFB"), announced today its financial results for...

Oct 27, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













First Foundation Announces Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that it will report its financial...

Oct 6, 2016 9:00 AM EDT













First Foundation To Acquire Two Branches In Orange County
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that First Foundation Bank has entered...

Oct 3, 2016 4:30 PM EDT













First Foundation Announces New Offering Of SBA Lending
First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM), a financial services company with two wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, First Foundation Advisors and First Foundation Bank, today announced that First Foundation Bank will now offer...

Aug 18, 2016 9:00 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 3:59 PM EDT 7/28/2017


C-
(Hold)






Get the (FFWM) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Financials - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 2:00 PM

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation beats by $0.07, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at FBR Capital

The Fly



Bank M&A animal spirits getting a lift - Piper

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation initiated with a Neutral at Piper Jaffray

The Fly



New Strong Buy Stocks for April 28th

Zacks



First Foundation beats by $0.01, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation Sees Composite Rating Move Up To 96

Investor's Business Daily



First Foundation Joins Elite List Of Stocks With 95-Plus Composite Rating

Investor's Business Daily



First Foundation beats by $0.06, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation shares 'a relative bargain,'  says DA Davidson

The Fly



First Foundation announces two-for-one stock split

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at FBR Capital

The Fly



First Foundation reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha



First Foundation initiated with an Outperform at FBR Capital

The Fly



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C- (Hold)



Get the (FFWM) Report Here 













 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



























 















Citrix Workspace Delivery Solutions Case Study: First Foundation Inc | TechValidate








 Menu

Product
Tour
Why
Customers
Editions
About
Library
Blog
Contact

Sign In








TechValidate Content Library
/
Citrix
/
Citrix Workspace Delivery Solutions
/

Case Studies
/









Case Study: First Foundation Inc





Introduction
This case study of First Foundation Inc is based on a November 2015 survey of Citrix Workspace Suite customers by TechValidate, a 3rd-party research service.



Share
Embed
Download



“Users can login to any workstations regardless of which location they are at. Because of agnostic platform support (Windows, Mac, Chromebook) deploying remote access to users also has been easy especially with the HTML5 version of the Citrix Receiver.”
“VDI, when deployed correctly, will increase user productivity and lessen IT burdens. The bundling of mobility to the suite makes management of mobile devices easier and allows us to better secure mobility channels.”




Challenges

Chose Citrix Workspace Suite for the following reasons:
	
They wanted a single, integrated solution for all end user computing needs
They wanted to add enterprise mobility management capabilities
They wanted to add data/file sync and share capabilities
They wanted to add secure mobile productivity (e.g. email, calendar, browser)
They wanted to add desktop and app virtualization capabilities
It had the most comprehensive feature set when compared to alternatives




Use Case

Is using the following capabilites of Citrix Workspace Suite:
	
Desktop Virtualization (XenDesktop)
Enterprise Mobility Management (XenMobile)
Data/file sync and share (ShareFile)
Mobile productivity apps (Worx Apps)
Secure access gateway and/or WAN optimization (NetScaler and CloudBridge)

Key C-level strategic priorities that align with their purchase of Citrix Workspace Suite:
	
Drive business productivity and efficiency
Align business and IT
Improve security and privacy
Increase speed of IT service delivery

Considered the following other vendors before choosing Citrix Workspace Suite:
	
VMware (includes Airwatch)




Results

Achieved/expects to achieve the following benefits with Citrix Workspace Suite:
	
Improved worker productivity
Reduced cost of desktop, device, and app management
Increased security (data, app, device, compliance, and privacy)
Improved operational efficiency

How Citrix Workspace Suite improves their security strategy:
	
Reduces the chance of incidents
Supports their data security initiatives
Prevents data leaks due to personal file sharing alternatives

How Citrix Workspace Suite enables their mobility strategy:
	
Improves security of all mobile devices (laptops, smartphone, tablets)
Provide users with an alternative to a consumer storage solution (e.g. DropBox, Box, etc.)

Chose Citrix Workspace Suite over other solutions for the following:
	
Integrated feature set
Product strategy






Company Profile
Company:
First Foundation Inc
Company Size:
Medium Enterprise
Industry:
Financial Services


About Citrix Workspace Suite
Citrix Workspace Delivery Solutions, the first platform for designing, building and delivering mobile workspaces. The cloud-based platform allows both partners and customers to rapidly build and offer desktops-as-a-service (DaaS), virtual application delivery and mobility services from any cloud.

Learn More:

Citrix
Citrix Workspace Suite








Source:
Adrian Darmawan, SVP, Chief Technology Officer, First Foundation Inc




Validated

 
Published:

Jan.  6, 2016

 
TVID:

8A4-A76-17B




Research by








Share
Cite
Embed
Download








About This Data
This data was sourced directly from verified users of Citrix Workspace Delivery Solutions by TechValidate.
TechValidate verifies the identity and organizational affiliation of all participants that contribute to published research data. When research participants so desire, we also guarantee their anonymity so that they may share information honestly and freely.



More Research on Citrix Workspace Delivery Solutions







Our Product
Customer Content
Market Research
Customer Insights
Research Portals
Connectors


Why TechValidate
Use Cases
Challenges We Solve
The Content We Create
Content Usage Examples
More Usage Examples


About Us
Careers
Partners
Our Customers
Downloadable Logos


More
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Our Blog
The TechValidate Content Library
Content Marketing Resources













© Copyright 2017 SurveyMonkey. All marks used on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Credits
Site Map













AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION INC.











Company number N17000001408
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic Non Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 2/1/2017
        

Principal Address
            8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, 33556
            


Mailing Address 8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, FL, 33556
        
AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION INC. Principals

Vice President, President
                Vulich Steven Jjr
                 


Address
                6997 REUNION CIRCLE, FOUNTAIN, CO, 80817
                 



A, Vice President, President
                Vulich Calley A
                 


Address
                6997 REUNION CIRCLE, FOUNTAIN, CO, 80817
                 



President
                Mccormack Michael J
                 


Address
                8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, FL, 33556
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name MCCORMACK           MICHAEL       J (p)
        

Agent Address
                8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, FL, 33556
                

Description
AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION INC. has been set up 2/1/2017 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION INC. principal adress is 8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, 33556. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, FL, 33556. 
The company`s registered agent is MCCORMACK           MICHAEL       J 8506 NORTH MOBLEY ROAD, ODESSA, FL, 33556.  
The company`s management are Vice President, President - Vulich Steven Jjr, A, Vice President, President - Vulich Calley A, President - Mccormack Michael J.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
AMERICA FIRST FOUNDATION, INC.
AMERICA FIRST GROUP CORP
AMERICA FIRST HOME HEALTH AID CARE, INC.
AMERICA FIRST IMPORT EXPORT CORPORATION
AMERICA FIRST, INC.
AMERICA FIRST INSURANCE COMPANY














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















America First Foundation, Inc – Proudly Serving America

































































admin@americafirstus.org(888) 701-4442 



 









 The America First Foundation
America’s Non Profit – donate today
And Secure Our Southern Border!
 
Make History With Us!  $8,713.12Goal $1,515,500,025.00 0%of our goal520Days Left 231Donations Donate Now


You Make All The Difference! You Are... One, Of Many! 





Together Let's Be America Again! Diversity Is What Makes Us The Most Powerful Nation In The World.






 About America First FoundationWe were founded to support ALL U.S. Citizens concerning Local and National Interests. The America First Foundation does not belong to any political party or interest. We simply put our American families First in our times of need. The America First Foundation, Inc is an Official United States Registered Nonprofit, 501C3-Tax Exempt, Public Charity. This is America's #1 trusted nonprofit. Tax ID 82-0720826.Why America First?America First is a Non-Profit Organization that sees the need for change in our country.  We fund areas of concern, bringing positive changes with tremendous immediate impact.Join Our EffortsWe look forward to interacting with others who share our passion for positive change in America.  Join us in our efforts to do just that.Impact The CountryAre you ready to have a significant impact on our country?  There are many ways you can do your part as a Proud American.  Contact us to find out how.Fund Meaningful CausesAmerica First is dedicated to causes that lack sufficient funding.  Search our campaigns and support what you connect with.Disaster Resource CentersAmerica First provides many types of Disaster Relief for incidents such as Hurricanes, Tornados, Floods, Earthquakes and much more.  We are here for you in your time of need.Have an Idea?Is there a cause you think we should fund?  Let us know!  We will review your request and send it to our funding department specialists for consideration.  Please use our Contact Form.


 Join Us America And Let's Secure Our Southern Border Together!We Care About The Future Of America. See the images below depicting the current situation at our southern border. You can come back at any time and see the progress we have made. We are currently in our approach to our members of Congress. We urge you to contact your congress and let them know about The America First Foundation and our efforts to secure our southern border! Get their attention and let's do this America!All WorksAmericans CareCitizens On PatrolOutdated BorderVulnerable Areas Proud To Be An AmericanAmericans Care Citizen Patrolling BorderCitizens On Patrol Weak Spots In The BorderVulnerable Areas Arizona/Mexico Border FenceOutdated Border / Vulnerable Areas Outdated Border FencingOutdated Border Vulnerable Border BarrierCitizens On Patrol


 Check Out Our Awesome Team Please allow us to introduce ourselves to you. We look forward to working alongside ALL Americans in our combined efforts to make history. We The People, We ARE America!Michael Founded The America First Foundation and is eager to make America a better place for all citizens. Michael John McCormack Founder and PresidentSteven is excited to bring the services of The America First Foundation to you and your loved ones in your times of need.Steven Vulich Vice PresidentCalley enjoys being a part of The America First Foundation and looks forward to helping others in need around the country.Calley Vulich Emergency Management DIrectorWe credit our success to the many Volunteers we have. We urge anyone that wants to Volunteer to Contact Us.David Volunteer


 Follow Us For The Latest News On Our ProgressFellow Americans, Please Come Back And See The Latest News And The Difference Your Support Has Made On Your Cause. Putting America First Allows All U.S. Citizens To Have Control Over What Matters The Most To Them. Thank You For Your Support And God Bless America!Donate NowClick Here To Help Donate To The ``Border Wall``. Let's Create U.S. History Together And Secure Our Border! 0%Donate NowFeatured EventsLet’s Build The Wall!13 February 17
+ Google MapAre You Concerned About Illegal Immigration And Drugs Pouring Across Our Southern Border? Now Is The Time To Take Action! America Has A Front Door And We Expect All Immigrants To Respect Our Country And Be Vetted Properly. If You Agree, Please Do Your Part And DONATE…To


















 Ready to take action and have an Impact?Interested in connecting with us? We'd love to hear from you! Check out the different ways to get involved. Unlike other Non-Profits, We are reachable and review each and every one of your messages. Send us your interest today! 
Spread the wordContact us with your  social media marketing strategy. If we like it, we’ll let you promote us!
Spread the Word
Like what we are doing here at the America First Foundation? Help promote us to your audience!
Opportunities
This is a wonderful opportunity for you to show us what you can do and the audience size you can reach. We know there are many wonderful people out there who can help us make a difference. Reaching out to the masses will help us reach the country and possibly the world! If you have a significant impact on the reach you can provide we may contact you to see if you are interested in heading up our Social Media Marketing Department! What a wonderful opportunity.
Requirements
We only require that you positively put out our message and have Social Media Marketing experience and can make an impact. We prohibit falsifying or promoting materials that do not represent our core values which are; Respect, Honor, Selfless, Dignity and Responsibility.
Tell us who you are










  
  
  

Contact Us 
Join our BoardThe America First Foundation is currently looking for Celebrity Board Members to join our team of motivated professionals.
Show your interest in possibly becoming a Board Member
Thank You for showing your interest in becoming a Board Member with The America First Foundation, Inc. We will review your interest and qualification and will respond as quickly as we can to your request. Please make sure you add your Name, Email, Contact Number (Not to an Agent), and any other pertinent information that will help us expedite your application. We take your privacy seriously, as we do not share any of your personal identifying information with anyone.










  
 
 
 
 

Apply Now 
Sponsor UsAre you or your organization interested in Sponsoring The America First Foundation? Click below to let us know your interest!
Thank you for your interest in becoming an America First Foundation Sponsor!
You can use the information form below to let us know who you are and how you would like to sponsor The America First Foundation, Inc. We credit our success with the valued relationships we share with our sponsors. We will soon have a place on our site for our sponsors and cannot wait to add you or your organization to our list!
Contact us with your interest and explore the possibilities this relationship will have.
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We look forward to hearing from you!
 
From the Executive Staff at America First Foundation.
 










  
 
 
 
 

Sponsor 
Volunteer with UsAre you someone who shares our passion for positive change? If your up to the challenge, submit your Interest below.
Interested in Volunteering with America First?
Thank you for your interest in Volunteering with us. There are many ways you can do this and we encourage everyone to send us their interest and how they can help. We need your help in areas such as Disaster Relief, Disaster Cleanup, Specific areas of expertise, Certified First Aid Volunteers, Handing out supplies such as Water, Blankets, Cots, Food, other supplies, etc…
Our Foundation gives out free T-Shirts, Lanyards, Buttons, Hats and Other items to our Volunteers to identify that you are acting as an America First Foundation Volunteer.
Once again, Thank You for showing your interest in helping other Americans in their time of disparity and need during a time of crisis.
 










   
   
  
   
 Years of Experience *   1234 
   
   

Submit Your Interest320000000US Population~20173Active Causes22Disasters in 201757Volunteers


 Contact UsWe look forward to hearing from you. Please feel free to use the form below to send us a note. If you prefer to talk to a live person, please give us a call.









 
  
  
 



Open The Map Close The Map Find UsThe America First Foundation~A Nation Coming Together For A Greater Cause.Phone(888) 701-4442Address3902 Henderson Blvd., Ste 208-1013

Tampa, FL 33629
Email Usadmin@americafirstus.org
support@americafirstus.org











































About First Foundation | First Foundation Inc.















































Skip to main content










About First Foundation















Our History
Since 1990, First Foundation has built a reputation for providing integrated investment management, wealth planning, consulting, trust, insurance, and banking services.



1990
	Founded as one of Orange County’s first fee-only investment managers.

2004
	Created services to meet the needs of ultra high-net-worth individuals.

2007
	First Foundation Bank opened on October 1, with $32 million in capital.

2008
	Family and Consulting services are added.

2010
	First Foundation is adopted as the name for all affiliates.

2011
	First Foundation San Diego Office opens for business.

2012
	First Foundation Bank acquires Desert Commercial Bank.

2013
	First Foundation Las Vegas Office opens for business.

2014
	First Foundation lists shares on NASDAQ Global Stock Market.

2015
	First Foundation launches Commercial and Private Client Insurance Services.

2015
	First Foundation enters Hawaii market through merger with Pacific Rim Bank.




Our Mission
Our mission is to enhance the wealth and well-being of our clients through a comprehensive suite of integrated services.













"I am more excited than ever about where we are today and what we can accomplish in the years ahead."

Scott F. KavanaughChief Executive Officer 


Our Leadership 


 

Scott F. Kavanaugh
Chief Executive Officer
  

 

John M. Michel
Chief Financial Officer
  

 

Rick Keller
Chairman of the Board
  

 

David DePillo 
President of First Foundation Bank
  

 

John Hakopian
President of First Foundation Advisors
  




 




Our Services
Comprehensive Financial Services to Enhance Your Wealth & Well Being


 BANKING

Business
Personal



 TRUST

Trustee Services
Estate Settlement
Guardianship
Family Business



 PHILANTHROPY

Foundation Services
Community Non-Profit Services



 CONSULTING

Financial Literacy
Life Skills Training
Women in Wealth
Family Wealth Planning




 INSURANCE

Risk Management
Life Insurance
Property & Casualty
Personal & Business



  WEALTH Planning

Financial Planning
Cash Flow Analysis
Goals Determination
Business Sale Planning



 INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

Flexible Hybrid Architecture
Investment Research
Portfolio Construction
Asset Allocation










A Letter from our CEO



The path that First Foundation has taken to provide banking, trust services, financial planning, investment management, estate and legacy planning, foundation support,and insurance services to our clients, all under one roof and all under the fiduciary standard of care, is a path not often traveled.  But we prefer it this way.  At First Foundation, we’ve never taken the easy path, but we’ve always chosen the right one – for our clients, our families, our communities, and each other.
In 2008 we created First Foundation, but our story dates back to 1990 when Rick Keller and his team at the Keller Group were providing wealth management services to individuals and businesses in Orange County.  The Keller Group was one of the nation’s first wealth management firms to align their success with their clients, not just in how they invested but in how they were compensated for the work they did. In industry parlance this is referred to as ‘fee-only’ and ‘operating under the fiduciary standard’.  For the Keller Group, it was just how business was done.
As the needs of clients became more complex, Rick sought additional support to offer his clients true, comprehensive wealth management.  In 2007, Rick and I, along with the support of many, created First Foundation Inc. and added the capabilities of a bank to the existing investment management and financial planning platform. We would later add trust services, legacy planning, consulting, and insurance services. This was to be the core offering of our platform and delivered in way that maintained a relentless focus on client service.  I like to say that we have the capabilities of a multi-diversified financial institution, yet the personal touch of a boutique firm.
With the service offering firmly in place, we began to reach new clients and experience significant growth.  We not only grew our existing client base but we expanded into new regions.  All of this activity was supported by a team of extraordinarily talented people.  We also looked to reinvest in the communities in which we serve, and build specific programs and solutions to help empower the non-profits affecting positive change in our own backyard.
As we sit here today, I am very pleased at what we have built, but I also know that this is just the beginning. In fact the entire team at First Foundation is focused on continuing to find ways to better serve our clients and build on what we have started.  As you will likely see, we have created something that is unique at First Foundation and we hope to have the opportunity to show you what our platform can do for your wealth and well-being.
- Scott F. Kavanaugh, Chief Executive Officer







Our Values
First Foundation colleague’s goals are to act with integrity and:


 
 
 
 
 



Listen: We listen to our clients to understand their needs.
Respect: We treat our clients with understanding and compassion.
Collaborate: We dialogue with our clients while achieving their goals.
Innovate: We seek and support new ideas to better serve our clients.
Serve: We focus on being timely and proactive in responding to our clients.

Previous   Next 






Working at First Foundation

 




 


Join Our Team
Interested in joining our team? If you share a passion for working hard, striving for excellence, and placing clients’ needs first, then we should talk. Please click here to learn more about careers with First Foundation.
Learn More





























First Foundation Inc. | Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP



































Skip to content










Call us:  
-








Toggle navigation




Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLPAttorneys at Law






















First Foundation Inc. 



Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP is investigating First Foundation Inc. (NASDAQ: FFWM) concerning possible breaches of fiduciary duty by First Foundation’s board of directors.
If you currently own First Foundation stock, and would like to receive more information regarding the investigation and your rights as a shareholder, please fill out the form below.

Full Name*Email*

Phone*Number of Shares You OwnPurchase Date

 










*The submission of this form does not create an attorney-client relationship.






 At Purcell Julie & Lefkowitz LLP, our attorneys represent shareholders throughout the United States who are victims of securities fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty or other corporate misconduct.  We fight not only to help shareholders recover their financial losses, but to change the problematic corporate practices that enabled the misbehavior in the first place.
If you are interested in learning about your rights and potential remedies as a shareholder, or otherwise have any questions, please contact Robert H. Lefkowitz via telephone at 212-725-1000 or via email at rl@pjlfirm.com













