
  FHRT:OTC US Stock Quote - First Hartford Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Hartford Corp   FHRT:US   OTC US        3.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   3.00    Day Range   3.00 - 3.00    Volume   100    Previous Close   3.00    52Wk Range   2.01 - 3.25                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   3.00    Day Range   3.00 - 3.00    Volume   100    Previous Close   3.00    52Wk Range   2.01 - 3.25    YTD Return   30.43%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   7.022    Shares Outstanding  (m)   2.341    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Real Estate   % Price Change -0.20%     Industry Real Estate   % Price Change -0.20%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   First Hartford Corporation purchases, develops, owns, manages, and sells real estate.  The Company extends credit to companies/tenants throughout the United States.  First Hartford owns real estate in Connecticut, New Jersey, and Rhode Island.    Address  149 Colonial RoadPO Box 1270Manchester, CT 06045United States   Phone  1-860-646-6555   Website   www.firsthartford.com     Executives Board Members    Neil H Ellis  Chairman/CEO    John Toic  President    David B Harding  Vice President    William M Connolly  Managing Partner:Connolly    Eric J Harrington  Treasurer     Show More         












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Real Estate Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Real Estate








Real Estate Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


Real Estate (realty or real property) signifies a patch of land coupled with buildings and any other structures affixed to it permanently. Real Estate also refers to business and/or housing properties typically sold by estate agents (usually) or by the owners themselves. Resting upon its usage, Real Estate can be vastly classified into the commercial, residential (housing) and industrial types.
Worldwide, the Real Estate Market is affected by political scenario and economic context, demographic forces, job opportunities, and various climatic parameters. The commercial market segment is on the mend by degrees due to elevated capital availability and the refreshment of processing industry activity. However, a rather wishy-washy recovery is noticed in the housing sector of the advanced world particularly. Meantime, the Chinese, Indian, Australian, Thai and Vietnamese Real Estate Markets, among others, are rather promising within the Asia Pacific.
The research reports under this Catalogue give unparalleled knowledge of the worldwide Real Estate Industry, disclosing major market restraints and growth pushers, segmentation, sizing (value/volume) and tempos of growth. Regional and individual country markets are also closely analyzed in the research reports. Big-to-small companies involved and the competitive environment are examined, and also granular forecasts are at hand in the research reports.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Morocco
                                                                                --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Zambia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                                                        --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Europe
                                                                                                                                                    --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                                                                                        --Austria
                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                        --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                    --Hungary
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Latvia
                                                                                                                    --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Netherlands
                                                                                                                    --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                    --Romania
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                                                    --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jordan
                                                                                                                                                        --Kuwait
                                                                                                                    --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Qatar
                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Iran
                                                                                North America
                                                                            --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Real Estate
--Real Estate Company Reports  

All Publishers Aruvian's R'search
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        Beijing Retailcn Consulting
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        China's Economy & Policy
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        datamining
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        Euromonitor International
                        FineIntel
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        ICON Group International
                        IS Advisors
                        JuxtConsult Research & Consulting
                        Ken Research 
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        MarketLine
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        Netscribes
                        Omi Advisories
                        Optimum Center International
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        QYResearch
                        Research Nester Pvt. Ltd.
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        Smart Research Insights
                        STOCHASIS Management Consultancy
                        Timetric
                        Vistar Business Monitor
                    



                            Found
                                 4721 publications                    



Europe & Africa Fly Ash Market Size, Demand, Opportunity & Growth Outlook 2023
US$ 4,150.00
 ... Class F Fly ash by product dominated the North Africa and Europe Fly ash ... Class F fly ash as it moderates the heat gain during concrete curing. Further, Libya ... Egypt and others are also driving the demand for fly ash. However, the higher permeability of cement due to the poor quality of fly ash ...  Jul, 2017 208 pages


Real Estate Property Managers Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  Coupon value of $300. REAL ESTATE PROPERTY MANAGERS REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Real Estate Property Managers Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Real Estate Property Managers Revenues World Report covers ...  Jul, 2017 868 pages


Real Estate Investment Trust Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  Coupon value of $300. REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Real Estate Investment Trust Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Real Estate Investment Trust Revenues World Report covers ...  Jul, 2017 494 pages


Real Estate Credit Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ... . Real Estate Credit Revenues MARKETS DATA - in US$ by Country by Product/Service by Year: Past 7 years to Current Year to Next 7 years. This data is found in about 200 tables. REAL ESTATE CREDIT REVENUES 1. Real estate credit ...  Coupon value of $300. REAL ESTATE CREDIT REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Real Estate Credit Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Real Estate Credit Revenues World Report covers ...  Jul, 2017 1274 pages


Real Estate Consultants Market World Report
US$ 950.00
REAL ESTATE CONSULTANTS MARKET WORLD PDF REPORT See descriptive brochure: here The Real Estate Consultants Market World Report gives Market Data for Products & Services in100 countries, by each Product, by 2 Time ... , at a reduced cost. DATABASE EDITIONS: REAL ESTATE CONSULTANTS MARKET WORLD REPORT World Market Database: Cost $2850, less the Coupon value of $500. Regional Market Database: Cost $1850, less ...  Jul, 2017 480 pages


Offices of Residential Real Estate Agents & Broker Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  tables. OFFICES OF RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS + BROKER REVENUES 1. Offices of residential real estate agents & broker Lines 2. Gross rents from real property owned by this establishment 3. Real estate brokerage fees & commissions 4. Residential property ...  Jul, 2017 853 pages


Offices of Real Estate Appraisers Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  value of $300. OFFICES OF REAL ESTATE APPRAISERS REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Offices of Real Estate Appraisers Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Offices of Real Estate Appraisers Revenues World ...  Jul, 2017 848 pages


Offices of Real Estate Agents & Brokers Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  in about 200 tables. OFFICES OF REAL ESTATE AGENTS + BROKERS REVENUES 1. Offices of real estate agents & brokers Lines 2. Gross rents from real property owned by this establishment 3. Real estate brokerage fees & commissions 4. Residential ...  of $300. OFFICES OF REAL ESTATE AGENTS & BROKERS REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Offices of Real Estate Agents & Brokers Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Offices of Real Estate Agents & Brokers ...  Jul, 2017 850 pages


Offices of Nonresidential Real Estate Agents Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  of $300. OFFICES OF NONRESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE AGENTS REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Offices of Nonresidential Real Estate Agents Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Offices of Nonresidential Real Estate Agents ...  Jul, 2017 853 pages


Lessors of Real Estate Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ... . Lessors of Real Estate Revenues MARKETS DATA - in US$ by Country by Product/Service by Year: Past 7 years to Current Year to Next 7 years. This data is found in about 200 tables. LESSORS OF REAL ESTATE REVENUES 1. Lessors of real estate ...  Coupon value of $300. LESSORS OF REAL ESTATE REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Lessors of Real Estate Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Lessors of Real Estate Revenues World Report covers ...  Jul, 2017 809 pages


Lessors of Miscellaneous Real Estate Property Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  of $300. LESSORS OF MISCELLANEOUS REAL ESTATE PROPERTY REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Lessors of Miscellaneous Real Estate Property Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Lessors of Miscellaneous Real Estate Property ...  Jul, 2017 863 pages


Activities Related to Real Estate Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  is found in about 200 tables. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO REAL ESTATE REVENUES 1. Activities related to real estate Lines 2. Gross rents from real property owned by this establishment 3. Real estate brokerage fees & commissions 4. Residential property ...  value of $300. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO REAL ESTATE REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Activities Related to Real Estate Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Activities Related to Real Estate Revenues World ...  Jul, 2017 896 pages


Activities Related to Real Estate Miscellaneous Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ...  of $300. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO REAL ESTATE MISCELLANEOUS REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Activities Related to Real Estate Miscellaneous Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Activities Related to Real Estate Miscellaneous ...  Jul, 2017 862 pages


Zueblin Immobilien Holding AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zueblin Immobilien Holding AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zublin Immobiliere France - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zublin Immobiliere France - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zona Franca de Iquique S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zona Franca de Iquique S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


zipRealty Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
zipRealty Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhuguang Holdings Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhuguang Holdings Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongtian Urban Development Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongtian Urban Development Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhong Hua International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhong Hua International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhong An Real Estate - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhong An Real Estate - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Whwh Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Whwh Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangsha Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangsha Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Gangtai Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Gangtai Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Dongri Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Dongri Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang China Commodities City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang China Commodities City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zahraa Maadi Investment & Development - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zahraa Maadi Investment & Development - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuzhou Properties Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuzhou Properties Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YunNan Metropolitan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YunNan Metropolitan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuexiu Property Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuexiu Property Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YTL Land & Development Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YTL Land & Development Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YT Realty Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YT Realty Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Youniq AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Youniq AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yoko Toshikaihatsu Co - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yoko Toshikaihatsu Co - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Ynh Property Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Ynh Property Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YMOS AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YMOS AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yihua Real Estate Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yihua Real Estate Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y.H. Dimri Building & Development Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y.H. Dimri Building & Development Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yeland Group Co., Ltd.  - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yeland Group Co., Ltd.  - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yasuragi Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yasuragi Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yapi Kredi Koray - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yapi Kredi Koray - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yanlord Land Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yanlord Land Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangguang Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangguang Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y ve Y Gayrimenkul Yatirim Ortakligi A.S. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y ve Y Gayrimenkul Yatirim Ortakligi A.S. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Sunrise Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Sunrise Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Prosolar Technology Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Prosolar Technology Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xi'an Gree Real Estate Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xi'an Gree Real Estate Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























FIRST HARTFORD CORP - SNYDER, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



SNYDER



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            FIRST HARTFORD CORP
                                    



 





















F 


FIRST HARTFORD CORP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2604 34TH ST SNYDER, TX 79549
Get Directions



(806) 866-0660





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


First Hartford Corp is located at 2604 34th St in Snyder and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Real Estate Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Real Estate

Real Estate Company Reports








Real Estate Company Research Reports





All Regions


Real Estate Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                    



                            Found
                                 3924 publications                    



Zueblin Immobilien Holding AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zueblin Immobilien Holding AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zublin Immobiliere France - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zublin Immobiliere France - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zona Franca de Iquique S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zona Franca de Iquique S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


zipRealty Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
zipRealty Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhuguang Holdings Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhuguang Holdings Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongtian Urban Development Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongtian Urban Development Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhong Hua International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhong Hua International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhong An Real Estate - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhong An Real Estate - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Whwh Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Whwh Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangsha Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangsha Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Gangtai Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Gangtai Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Dongri Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Dongri Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang China Commodities City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang China Commodities City Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zahraa Maadi Investment & Development - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zahraa Maadi Investment & Development - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuzhou Properties Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuzhou Properties Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YunNan Metropolitan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YunNan Metropolitan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuexiu Property Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuexiu Property Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YTL Land & Development Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YTL Land & Development Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YT Realty Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YT Realty Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Youniq AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Youniq AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yoko Toshikaihatsu Co - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yoko Toshikaihatsu Co - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Ynh Property Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Ynh Property Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YMOS AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YMOS AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yihua Real Estate Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yihua Real Estate Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y.H. Dimri Building & Development Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y.H. Dimri Building & Development Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yeland Group Co., Ltd.  - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yeland Group Co., Ltd.  - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yasuragi Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yasuragi Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yapi Kredi Koray - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yapi Kredi Koray - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yanlord Land Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yanlord Land Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangguang Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangguang Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y ve Y Gayrimenkul Yatirim Ortakligi A.S. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y ve Y Gayrimenkul Yatirim Ortakligi A.S. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Sunrise Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Sunrise Investment Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Prosolar Technology Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Prosolar Technology Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xi'an Gree Real Estate Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xi'an Gree Real Estate Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xemex Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xemex Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wynnstay Properties plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wynnstay Properties plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wurttembergische Leinenindustrie AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wurttembergische Leinenindustrie AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wuhan Langold Real Estate Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wuhan Langold Real Estate Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wuhan East Lake High-Technology Group Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wuhan East Lake High-Technology Group Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wuhan Double Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wuhan Double Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workspace Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workspace Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wolong Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wolong Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WKM Terrain-und Beteiligungs AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WKM Terrain-und Beteiligungs AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winzen Properties Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winzen Properties Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winwheel Bullion Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winwheel Bullion Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winthrop Realty Trust - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winthrop Realty Trust - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winsor Properties Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winsor Properties Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




























First Hartford Corp. Mesothelioma Lawyers, Law Firms, Lawsuits, Attorneys, Claims











































 
 






Asbestos Manufacturers, Distributers – First Hartford Corp.You are here: Home / Asbestos Manufacturers, Distributers – First Hartford Corp.





 First Hartford Corp.
 
Asbestos Manufacturers and Distributors
First Hartford Corp. is a defendant in Asbestos and Mesothelioma lawsuits where claimants allege that their health problems, including death were a direct result from exposure to asbestos-containing products manufactured or distributed by First Hartford Corp..
Asbestos is a naturally occurring fibrous mineral used throughout the U. S. in industrial plants, factories, mills shipyards, and refineries prior to the 1980s because of its low cost ability to resists heat and corrosion.
If you or someone you know was employed by a company where asbestos-containing products were used it is important to be aware how asbestos exposure may impact your future health. Main risk factors for developing Mesothelioma include age, gender, exposure history, exposure duration, and chemical makeup of asbestos fibers (breathed in or ingested). If you have been diagnosed with Mesothelioma time is of the essence to file a Mesothelioma lawsuit.
Asbestos manufacturers knew as far back as the early 1920’s that asbestos caused asbestosis and the first case of Malignant Mesothelioma was definitively linked to asbestos exposure in 1964.
The World health Organization reported that there were 92,253 mesothelioma deaths (and counting) reported by 83 countries. Today, more than 20 million Americans are at risk of developing malignant Mesothelioma in their lifetime due to asbestos exposure.

Quotes From Asbestos Executives About Their Workers
“…if you have enjoyed a good life while working with asbestos products, why not die from it.” 1966 memo from an executive of the Bendix Corporation (now part of Honeywell)
In early 1940s, the president of Johns-Manville called the managers of another company “a bunch of fools for notifying employees who had asbestosis.” When asked by another corporation’s representative, “Do you mean to tell me you would let them work until they drop dead?” he responded, “Yes. We save a lot of money that way.”

Have A Question About Mesothelioma Compensation?
Our Mesothelioma Patient Advocates can answer questions about trust funds, treatments, settlements and other types of Mesothelioma compensation.
Chat Now – Click Chat Banner to Start a Live Chat!
Call Now – Our Nationwide Toll Free Mesothelioma Helpline Number is 888.640.0914

Products Manufactured by First Hartford Corp.
Asbestos Settlement Trust Information
Asbestos Settlement Trusts were established to help compensate workers and their families for asbestos exposure which causes Mesothelioma and other asbestos-related diseases. When an Asbestos company establishes a Trust Fund all settlements are managed by trustees that decide the compensation amounts paid to Mesothelioma claimants. U. S. Courts allow Asbestos defendants to file for protection under a legal process known as bankruptcy reorganization. This allows the company to pay claims and stay in business.

There are close to 60 Asbestos Trust Funds set up by U. S. Courts.
Asbestos bankruptcy reorganization can be a lengthy process that can span several years.
Asbestos Trusts publish additional information about their Trust guidelines, qualifications and rules.
Representatives of current and future Mesothelioma claimants must consent to any significant changes to these trusts.
Since 1988, Asbestos trusts have paid out about $17.5 billion representing more than 3 million claims.
Since 2011, Asbestos Trust Funds have combined assets of $36.8 billion.
Since 2010, the average percentage paid per asbestos victim is 25 percent of a claim.
Asbestos Trust Funds set Statutes of Limitations that only allow a certain amount of time to file an Asbestos claim.
Mesothelioma Claimants can sometimes file both Asbestos Trust lawsuits and Asbestos claims.
S. Court must approve the amount that is set aside before the Asbestos Company will be granted bankruptcy protection.

It is very important to contact a Mesothelioma lawyer soon after you have been diagnosed with Mesothelioma. The only known cause of this Mesothelioma is exposure to asbestos. Mesothelioma is a progressive disease, with a 10-50 year latency period developing over years or even decades in many patients. Therefore, your statute of limitations does not begin with the time of exposure. Rather, it begins with your diagnosis that you have Mesothelioma.
If you have been diagnosed with Mesothelioma, you have legal rights. But you need to act quickly, because the statute of limitations in most states is 1-3 years.
Mesothelioma and Asbestos Exposure

Malignant Mesothelioma is commonly diagnosed in people between the ages of 50 and 75 years old.
There are 2,500-3,000 malignant Mesothelioma cases diagnosed each year in the United States.
1 in 3 U. S. military veterans will develop an asbestos related disease in their lifetime.

Malignant Mesothelioma has been linked to workplace asbestos exposure.
Evidence Required to File for an Asbestos claim may Include:
Diagnosis – Medical documentation (pathology reports).
Physician Statement – From a qualified physician regarding Mesothelioma diagnosis.
Exposure Evidence – Product information, witness affidavits, employment records, invoices.
First Hartford Corp. and Mesothelioma Claims
A person diagnosed with Mesothelioma may be entitled to recover compensation for the following:
Mesothelioma Damages
 



Disfigurement Damages (past and future)


Economic Damages (past and future)


End of Life Cost Damages   


Exemplary Damages


Funeral Expense Damages


Future Economic Damages


General Damages


Gross Negligence Damages


Loss of Companionship  


Loss of Consortium Damages


Loss of Earning Capacity Damages


Loss of Life Damages


Loss of Wages Damages (past and future)


Medical Expense Damages    


Mental Anguish Damages  


Monetary Compensation Damages   


Nominal Damages


Non-Economic Damages


Pain and Suffering Damages


Pecuniary and Non Pecuniary Damages


Physical Impairment Damages (past and future)


Asbestos Trust Funds  


Treble Damages


Workers Compensation Damages


Wrongful Death Claims



Other Factors that May Affect the Value of Your Mesothelioma case Include:

Age, Gender, Location, and Work History
History of Military Service
Pain and Suffering
Where Asbestos Exposure Occurred
How Many Asbestos Products are involved with Your Exposure

There Are 4 Primary Types of Mesothelioma Claims:

Product Liability – Can be filed against companies that manufactured and distributed asbestos products.
Medical Malpractice – Can be filed against doctors or hospitals if they misdiagnose, or delay your diagnosis of Mesothelioma.
Workers Compensation – Can be filed against an employer if you were exposed to asbestos while on the job.
Wrongful Death – Can be filed against asbestos manufacturers, asbestos distributors, or an employer of a product containing asbestos that directly caused a person’s death if their actions constituted gross negligence for a deceased worker s safety.


How a Mesothelioma Attorney Can Help
An Experienced Mesothelioma attorney will take the following steps to ensure that you receive just and fair compensation for your injuries:

A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you recover costly mesothelioma medical expenses.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you recover loss of income.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you get diagnosed with proper medical testing.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you sort out which asbestos companies are liable in your Mesothelioma claim.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you obtain old records, legal documents and work records that are important to your case.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will help you identify asbestos-containing products used in your workplace or home.
A Mesothelioma Lawyer will guide you through each step of the legal process and answer any questions you may have.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will provide expert witnesses that have testified in other Mesothelioma cases.
A Mesothelioma lawyer will make sure that your claim is filed within your states statute of limitations.
A Mesothelioma will check your eligibility to see if you qualify for asbestos bankruptcy trust funds.

An experienced Mesothelioma lawyer will help you to file a Mesothelioma lawsuit to hold negligent asbestos manufacturers and asbestos companies accountable for the severe pain and suffering that comes with a Mesothelioma cancer diagnosis.

Recent Mesothelioma Verdicts

$4.6 Million Mesothelioma Settlement: For a union insulator that developed malignant Mesothelioma from asbestos exposure.
$10.2 Million Mesothelioma Verdict: For a Paper Mill worker suffering from pleural Mesothelioma.
$8 Million Mesothelioma Award: For a man diagnosed with Mesothelioma. Non Asbestos Trust Funds and $1.5 Million for Asbestos Trust Funds.
$1.2 Million Mesothelioma Settlement: For a 76 year old carpenter that developed malignant Mesothelioma.
$1.1 Million Veteran Mesothelioma Settlement: For a Navy veteran machinist that developed malignant Mesothelioma at age 71.
$245,000 Asbestosis Settlement: For a Paper mill worker suffering from Asbestosis.
$2.5 Million Mesothelioma Settlement: For a union pipefitter man who died from malignant Mesothelioma.
$2.6 Million Shipyard Worker Mesothelioma Settlement: For the family of a 72-year old shipyard worker with Mesothelioma who suffered second hand exposure.
$5 Million Navy Veteran Mesothelioma Verdict: For a Navy Boilerman who developed Mesothelioma during his service.
$1.8 Million Mesothelioma Settlement: For a carpenter that developed malignant Mesothelioma at age 68.
$7.5 Million Mesothelioma Verdict: For a woman that developed peritoneal Mesothelioma from laundering her husband s work clothes.

Malignant Mesothelioma has been linked to workplace asbestos exposure.
TO GET HELP – Our Nationwide Toll Free Mesothelioma Helpline Number is 888.640.0914

Malignant Mesothelioma
Malignant Mesothelioma is rare form of cancer that affects lining of the lungs, abdomen, heart, and major organs in the body. Mesothelioma is a disease in which malignant cancer cells are found in the sac lining the chest (pleura) or the abdomen (peritoneum). There are about 3,000 new malignant Mesothelioma cases diagnosed each year in the U. S. If you are experiencing any Mesothelioma symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately.
Diagnosed With Mesothelioma?
If you or a family member has been diagnosed with malignant Mesothelioma you are going to have a lot of questions about living with Mesothelioma and what legal options you have against asbestos manufacturers and asbestos companies for your asbestos exposure. Mesothelioma is a seriously deadly disease. According to the American Cancer Society with the average survival time for people with Mesothelioma is 4-18 months.
Call TOLL FREE 888.640.0914 right now to talk with a live Mesothelioma Counselor that can answer many of your questions and give you the peace of mind that you need.
Family Member Died From Mesothelioma?
If you have a family member that has died from Mesothelioma cancer you should immediately consult with an experienced Mesothelioma diagnosis lawyer about what compensation may be available to you from asbestos trust funds that total more than 30 billion dollars.
It is VERY IMPORTANT that you file your Mesothelioma claim within your states Statute of Limitations.
We have seen many families lose their right to file a lawsuit because their Statute of Limitations had expired while they were grieving. We know it is a tough time to grieve the loss of a loved one, but please do not let your Statute of Limitations expire for filing your Mesothelioma lawsuit. In most states the Statute of Limitations is 2-3 years. Some states have 6 year Statute of Limitations.
Mesothelioma Latency Period
Mesothelioma has a long latency period of 10-50 years. Many Veterans, Shipyard Workers, Construction Workers, Power Plant Workers, Mill Workers, Steel Workers, Railroad Workers, Pipefitters, Insulators, Electricians, Carpenters, Welders, Auto Mechanics, Veterans, Factory Workers, and laborers are living in the early stages of a variety of asbestos related diseases. Many Mesothelioma lawyers will not accept asbestosis, asbestos lung cancer, pleural plaques, pleural thickening, colon cancer and esophageal cancer cases.
There is More Than 30 Billion Dollars Set Aside for Mesothelioma and Asbestos Victims in Asbestos Bankruptcy Trusts

Need a Mesothelioma Lawyer?
If you or a family member has been diagnosed with Mesothelioma or an asbestos related disease, we can help you start a Mesothelioma lawsuit against asbestos companies responsible for your injuries. Our experienced nationwide Mesothelioma lawyers will come to you.
Call our Mesothelioma Toll Free Helpline at 888.640.0914 and get help today!
24 Hour Live Chat Available >>> See Chat button on right side of page.
We can usually tell within a few minutes whether we can help you, and if we can t, maybe direct you to someone who can. We are always accessible by phone, email and online chat.
We are always available to answer your questions with a phone call and will always keep you informed. We will do everything we can to ensure that you receive the highest compensation for your injuries.
If you have a legal question about a Mesothelioma lawsuit, you don t have to come into our office. Call us, and you ll speak directly to a lawyer, and if a lawyer is not available, your call will be returned as quickly as possible.
Asbestos Trust Funds and Mesothelioma
24 Hour Call Back Guarantee!
Fill out our free Mesothelioma case evaluation form and an experienced Mesothelioma lawyer will call you to immediately start processing your claim at no cost to you.
GetAsbestos Manufacturers and Distributers: First Hartford Corp.

 



 





FREE CASE EVALUATION




Name:

Email:

Address:

City:

Zip Code:

Phone:

State:

Subject:

Your Message:




Boston Web Design




LEGAL RIGHTS & OPTIONSAsk a Mesothelioma Lawyer
Choosing a Mesothelioma Lawyer
Mesothelioma by State
Statute of Limitations
Timeline of Mesothelioma Claims
Mesothelioma Facts & Statistics
Mesothelioma News
MESOTHELIOMA COMPENSATIONBankrupt Asbestos Companies
Mesothelioma Bankruptcy Claims
Asbestos Claims
Death Claims
Case Value
Mesothelioma Claims
Mesothelioma Trust Funds
Mesothelioma Lawsuit
Verdicts & Settlements
Paying Medical Bills
Third Party Claims
VETERANS & MESOTHELIOMAAir Force Veterans
Army Veterans
Civilian Contractors
Coast Guard Veterans
Marine Veterans
National Guard Veterans
Navy Veterans
Retired Veterans
Veterans Mesothelioma Claims
Veterans Mesothelioma Guide
VA Treatment Centers
Navy Ships & Asbestos Exposurere
Women Veterans
ASBESTOS EXPOSUREAsbestos in Buildings
Asbestos Companies
Asbestos Exposure Job Sites
Asbestos Deaths by County
Asbestos Products
Bankrupt Asbestos Companies
Second Hand Asbestos Exposure
Aircraft Workers
Boilermakers
Brake Mechanics
Construction Workers
Electricians
Insulators
Oil Refinery Workers
Pipefitters
Power Plant Workers
Railroad Workers
Roofers
Shipyard Workers
Steel Workers
Asbestos Trades List  A-Z
DIAGNOSING OPTIONSBiopsy Procedures
Mesothelioma Diagnosis
Pathology Report
Post Mortem Diagnosis
Mesothelioma Medical Information
MESOTHELIOMA PROGNOSISLiving with Mesothelioma
Life Expectancy
Latency Period
Survival Rates
MESOTHELIOMA CANCERMesothelioma Symptoms
Mesothelioma Stages 1-4
Mesothelioma Cell Types
TREATMENT OPTIONSMesothelioma Treatments
Mesothelioma Treatment Centers
Pleural Mesothelioma
Pericardial Mesothelioma
Peritoneal Mesothelioma
Other Mesothelioma Types
Surgical Procedures





 The Mesothelioma Claims Law Center Has Been Connecting Lawyers and Doctors People Diagnosed with Mesothelioma for More Than 13 years!



Have a Question About Mesothelioma?
Call us today toll free at 888.640.0914 and talk to a live Mesothelioma counselor.
We welcome your questions, and we will to return your calls within 24 hours.
There is NO CHARGE FOR YOUR CALL OR THE CONSULTATION.
We Have 13 Years of experience connecting Mesothelioma patients with Mesothelioma Lawyers & Doctors.
Our Mesothelioma Lawyers have more than 2 billion dollars in settlements and verdicts.
We help you file Mesothelioma and Asbestos-related lawsuits in each state.
We Help People Diagnosed With Mesothelioma and Asbestos-Related Diseases File Lawsuits in Each State.



Alabama Mesothelioma Attorney
Alaska Mesothelioma Attorney
Arizona Mesothelioma Attorney
Arkansas Mesothelioma Attorney
California Mesothelioma Attorney
Colorado Mesothelioma Attorney
Connecticut Mesothelioma Attorney
Delaware Mesothelioma Attorney
Florida Mesothelioma Attorney
Georgia Mesothelioma Attorney
Hawaii Mesothelioma Attorney
Idaho Mesothelioma Attorney
Illinois Mesothelioma Attorney
Indiana Mesothelioma Attorney
Iowa Mesothelioma Attorney
Kansas Mesothelioma Attorney
Kentucky Mesothelioma Attorney
Louisiana Mesothelioma Attorney
Maine Mesothelioma Attorney
Maryland Mesothelioma Attorney
Massachusetts Mesothelioma Attorney
Michigan Mesothelioma Attorney
Minnesota Mesothelioma Attorney
Mississippi Mesothelioma Attorney
Missouri Mesothelioma Attorney
Montana Mesothelioma Attorney
Nebraska Mesothelioma Attorney
Nevada Mesothelioma Attorney
New Hampshire Mesothelioma Attorney
New Jersey Mesothelioma Attorney
New Mexico Mesothelioma Attorney
New York Mesothelioma Attorney
North Carolina Mesothelioma Attorney
North Dakota Mesothelioma Attorney
Ohio Mesothelioma Attorney
Oklahoma Mesothelioma Attorney
Oregon Mesothelioma Attorney
Pennsylvania Mesothelioma Attorney
Rhode Island Mesothelioma Attorney
South Carolina Mesothelioma Attorney
South Dakota Mesothelioma Attorney
Tennessee Mesothelioma Attorney
Texas Mesothelioma Attorney
Utah Mesothelioma Attorney
Vermont Mesothelioma Attorney
Virginia Mesothelioma Attorney
Washington Mesothelioma Attorney
West Virginia Mesothelioma Attorney
Wisconsin Mesothelioma Attorney
Wyoming Mesothelioma Attorney



Call toll free 888.640.0914
Mesothelioma Legal Claims Center




Disclaimer: MalignantMesotheliomaLawyers.com is for informational purposes only. This website is not a substitute for professional medical advice, examination, diagnosis or medical treatment. This Mesothelioma Survivor's Guide should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease and is not a substitute for professional medical care. You should always seek medical advice from your doctor or other qualified health professionals before starting any new treatment or making any changes to an existing treatment. You should not delay in seeking or disregard medical advice based on information on this website by any employee or contractor of Mesothelioma Claims Law Center

















Scroll to top





First Hartford Corporation                                                                                               - Manchester                                        , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Manchester



Subdividers and Developers, Nec



Subdividers And Developers, Nec



                            First Hartford Corporation
                                    



 





















F 


First Hartford Corporation                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



149 COLONIAL RD MANCHESTER, CT 06042
Get Directions



(860) 646-6555
 





Business Info



 Founded 1909
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $61,863,512.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Subdividers And Developers, Nec
 Contacts John Toic                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1909, First Hartford Corporation                                                                                               has been providing Subdividers And Developers, Nec from Manchester. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















First Hartford Corp in Manchester, CT 06042 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Connecticut
» Manchester
» Real Estate Agents & Brokers
» First Hartford Corp








 





First Hartford Corp


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





149 Colonial Rd  Manchester, Connecticut 06042


(860) 646-6555
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
First Hartford Corp is located at the address 149 Colonial Rd in Manchester, Connecticut 06042.  They can be contacted via phone at (860) 646-6555 for pricing, hours and directions.  First Hartford Corp specializes in Porches, New Homes, Air Conditioners.  First Hartford Corp has an annual sales volume of 10M – 19,999,999.  .For more information go to www.firsthartford.comFirst Hartford Corp provides Leasing, Inspections, Design to it's customers.  For maps and directions to First Hartford Corp view the map to the right.  For reviews of First Hartford Corp see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Replacement Windows
, Ceramic
, Built-In Units
, Insulation
, Storm Doors
, Asphalt
, Panels
, Central Air
, Filters
, Windows



SERVICES


Loans
, Inspections
, Financing Available
, Buyer Representation
, Property Management
, New Construction
, Design
, Custom Design
, Leasing
, Sales & Information


 BRANDS


Lennox
, Andersen
, Carrier
, Owens Corning
, Sub-Zero
, Trane
, GE
, Energy Star
, Kohler
, Amana


 SPECIALTIES


Residential Property
, Flooring
, Air Conditioners
, Porches
, Waterfront Property
, Air Conditioning Systems
, Residential
, Driveways
, New Homes
, Bathrooms



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (860) 646-6555
Website: www.firsthartford.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Neil H
Main Contact Last Name: Ellis
Main Contact Title: Ceo
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 32
Exact Sales Volume: 15000000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 10M – 19,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Real Estate Agents & Brokers
New Homes
Real Estate Services
Real Estate



People Also Viewed


Homestead Realty Cannon Valley


230 Deming St Apt 331 Manchester, Connecticut 06042




Northfield Green Assn Bldg


143 Ambassador Dr  Manchester, Connecticut 06042




Strano Realty Executives


16 Stephanies Way  Manchester, Connecticut 06040




Warren E Howland Inc


24 Ford St  Manchester, Connecticut 06040




Dolphin Appraisals/morra Assoc


43 Bigelow St  Manchester, Connecticut 06040




Zimmer Real Estate


58 Chestnut St 1 Apt Manchester, Connecticut 06040





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












First Hartford Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Real Estate

Real Estate Company Reports





First Hartford Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
F07DE263EDDB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





First Hartford Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of First Hartford Corp. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of First Hartford Corp. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key First Hartford Corp. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - OVERVIEW

1.1 First Hartford Corp. - Business Description
1.2 First Hartford Corp. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 First Hartford Corp. - Milestones and History

2 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 First Hartford Corp. - Strengths
5.2 First Hartford Corp. - Weaknesses
5.3 First Hartford Corp. - Opportunities
5.4 First Hartford Corp. - Threats

6 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 First Hartford Corp. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 First Hartford Corp. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 FIRST HARTFORD CORP. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: First Hartford Corp. Key Facts 
Table 2: First Hartford Corp. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: First Hartford Corp. Milestones and History 
Table 4: First Hartford Corp. Key Executives 
Table 5: First Hartford Corp. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: First Hartford Corp. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: First Hartford Corp. Products and Services
Table 8: First Hartford Corp. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: First Hartford Corp. Profitability 
Table 10: First Hartford Corp. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: First Hartford Corp. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: First Hartford Corp. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: First Hartford Corp. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: First Hartford Corp. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: First Hartford Corp. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: First Hartford Corp. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: First Hartford Corp. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: First Hartford Corp. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: First Hartford Corp. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: First Hartford Corp. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: First Hartford Corp. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: First Hartford Corp. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


First Hartford Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


IBL Modaraba First - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Curv Entertainment Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Mako Energy Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


eCom eCom.com Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
First Hartford Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:
























    FHRT Key Statistics - First Hartford Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Hartford Corp.

                  OTC: FHRT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Hartford Corp.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:19 p.m.


FHRT

/quotes/zigman/226607/delayed


$
3.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 100
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/226607/delayed
Previous close

$
			3.00
		


$
				3.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$3.00
$3.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.01
        

            $3.25
        

















			Company Description 


			First Hartford Corp. engages in the acquisition, development and management of land and properties. It operates through two business segments: Real Estate Operations and Fee for Service. The Real Estate Operations segment provides purchase, development, management, ownership and the sale of real est...
		


                First Hartford Corp. engages in the acquisition, development and management of land and properties. It operates through two business segments: Real Estate Operations and Fee for Service. The Real Estate Operations segment provides purchase, development, management, ownership and the sale of real estate. The Fee for Service segment provides developer services to CVS and Cumberland Farms in certain geographic areas. First Hartford was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Manchester, CT.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
4.18


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
2.03


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
3.42


Price to Sales Ratio
0.10


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
0.84


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
32.13


Enterprise Value to Sales
2.53


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
1.01

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
465,139.00


Income Per Employee
13,293.00


Receivables Turnover
4.47


Total Asset Turnover
0.26



Profitability

Gross Margin
28.56


Operating Margin
1.88


Pretax Margin
4.16


Net Margin
2.86


Return on Assets
0.75


Return on Total Capital
0.86


Return on Invested Capital
1.08

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Capital
102.37


Total Debt to Total Assets
90.99


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
88.35





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Neil H. Ellis 
87
1966
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. John  Toic 
43
2003
President & Director



Mr. Eric  Harrington 
46
2015
CFO, Treasurer & Accounting Manager



Mr. David B. Harding 
72
1992
Director & Vice President



Mr. Jeffrey M. Carlson 
61
1981
Secretary, Director & General Council





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/25/2017

John Filippelli                            


25,000


 



75,000


01/05/2017

John Filippelli                            


500


 
Disposition at $2.3 per share.


1,150


01/05/2017

John Filippelli                            


1,400


 
Disposition at $2.5 per share.


3,500


01/05/2017

John Filippelli                            


100


 
Disposition at $2.75 per share.


275


12/16/2016

John Filippelli                            


800


 



2,200


12/09/2016

John Filippelli                            


800


 
Disposition at $3.05 per share.


2,440


12/07/2016

John Filippelli                            


200


 
Disposition at $3.05 per share.


610


11/29/2016

John Filippelli                            


400


 



1,100


08/11/2015

John Filippelli                            


1,000


 
Disposition at $3.25 per share.


3,250


08/11/2015

John Filippelli                            


1,000


 
Disposition at $3.05 per share.


3,050


07/22/2015

John Filippelli                            


1,500


 
Disposition at $3.05 per share.


4,575


07/20/2015

John Filippelli                            


1,000


 
Disposition at $3 per share.


3,000


06/29/2015

John Filippelli                            


1,420


 
Disposition at $2.9 per share.


4,118


06/29/2015

John Filippelli                            


7,000


 
Disposition at $3 per share.


21,000








/news/latest/company/us/fhrt

      MarketWatch News on FHRT
    
No News currently available for FHRT





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/fhrt

      Other News on FHRT
    




 10-Q: FIRST HARTFORD CORP
4:12 p.m. April 24, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: FIRST HARTFORD CORP
9:19 a.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: FIRST HARTFORD CORP
9:58 a.m. Oct. 7, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: FIRST HARTFORD CORP
2:51 p.m. Aug. 5, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

First Hartford Corp.
149 Colonial Road


Manchester, Connecticut 06042-2307




Phone
1 8606466555


Industry
Real Estate Developers


Sector
Real Estate/Construction


Fiscal Year-end
04/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$61.86M


Net Income
$1.77M


Employees

        133.00


Annual Report for FHRT











/news/pressrelease/company/us/fhrt

      Press Releases on FHRT
    
No News currently available for FHRT







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:43 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:44pGold marks highest finish since mid-June, up 1.1% for the week
1:40pHow your pet could make you a target for scammers
1:39pOil sets sights on biggest weekly gain of the year
1:38pAugust gold climbs $8.40, or 0.7%, to settle at $1,268.40.oz
1:38pGold prices log highest finish since mid-June, up 1.1% for the week
1:34pStitch Fix has confidentially filed to go public: report
1:32pCan China make the reflation trade great again?
1:31pGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
1:30pMattel stock price target cut to $19 from $22 at MKM Partners
1:29pElectronic Arts stock price target raised to $132 from $126 at MKM Partners
1:28pExxon Mobil stock price target cut to $83 from $86 at CFRA
1:28pThe states where people spend the most on lotto tickets
1:28pTempur Sealy stock price target raised to $62 from $50 at CFRA
1:27pFiat Chrysler gets approval to sell diesel cars
1:26pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
1:25pHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
1:25pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
1:25pFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
1:24pTesla’s Model 3 will be launched with panache--and a party--later Friday
1:16pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,802.94

+6.39
+0.03%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.01

-6.18
-0.10%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.06

-5.36
-0.22%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































First Hartford Corp (FHRT.PK)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















First Hartford Corp (FHRT.PK)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsReal Estate Development & Operations













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FHRT.PK on OTC Markets Group


				3.00USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$3.00


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

629




52-wk High

$3.25


52-wk Low

$2.01











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)














					First Hartford Corp News




» More FHRT.PK News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates



		No consensus analysis data available.
» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsReal Estate Development & Operations

























First Hartford Realty Corporation












































 








 










Search Properties








About Us








Development








Housing








News





 





Responsive Web Design by creGROW
















 









First Hartford Realty Corporation












































 








 










Search Properties








About Us








Development








Housing








News





 





Responsive Web Design by creGROW
















 









About Us | First Hartford Realty Corporation






































 












			About Us		 




 
First Hartford Realty Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development, and management of land and properties. The real estate, owned and managed by the company through various subsidiaries is located in Connecticut, Delaware, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Texas.
First Hartford has several properties that are under development and a modest portfolio that has been operating successfully for decades. In the development area the Shoppes at Rio Grande Valley in Edinburg, Texas is our largest project. The Shoppes currently has 450,000 SF occupied with plans to expand to over 1,000,000 SF. We also have smaller projects underway in the Texas cities of Buda, Conroe, Del Valle, Humble, and Pearland.
First Hartford prides itself on flexibility to handle a variety of project types. But all have a common thread: construction. We act as general contractor on most of our projects so we can better control costs, quality and schedules.
 


Featured Properties

Union Parkade

Austin Retail

Humble Retail

Conroe Retail

Tri-City Plaza 





Responsive Web Design by creGROW














 









About Us | First Hartford Realty Corporation






































 












			About Us		 




 
First Hartford Realty Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development, and management of land and properties. The real estate, owned and managed by the company through various subsidiaries is located in Connecticut, Delaware, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Texas.
First Hartford has several properties that are under development and a modest portfolio that has been operating successfully for decades. In the development area the Shoppes at Rio Grande Valley in Edinburg, Texas is our largest project. The Shoppes currently has 450,000 SF occupied with plans to expand to over 1,000,000 SF. We also have smaller projects underway in the Texas cities of Buda, Conroe, Del Valle, Humble, and Pearland.
First Hartford prides itself on flexibility to handle a variety of project types. But all have a common thread: construction. We act as general contractor on most of our projects so we can better control costs, quality and schedules.
 


Featured Properties

Tri-City Plaza

Conroe Retail

Del Valle Retail

Steeple City Plaza

Lubbock Parkade 





Responsive Web Design by creGROW














 









About Us | First Hartford Realty Corporation






































 












			About Us		 




 
First Hartford Realty Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development, and management of land and properties. The real estate, owned and managed by the company through various subsidiaries is located in Connecticut, Delaware, Louisiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Texas.
First Hartford has several properties that are under development and a modest portfolio that has been operating successfully for decades. In the development area the Shoppes at Rio Grande Valley in Edinburg, Texas is our largest project. The Shoppes currently has 450,000 SF occupied with plans to expand to over 1,000,000 SF. We also have smaller projects underway in the Texas cities of Buda, Conroe, Del Valle, Humble, and Pearland.
First Hartford prides itself on flexibility to handle a variety of project types. But all have a common thread: construction. We act as general contractor on most of our projects so we can better control costs, quality and schedules.
 


Featured Properties

Union Parkade

Lubbock Parkade

Tri-City Plaza

Mid-City Retail

Shoppes at Rio Grande 





Responsive Web Design by creGROW














 




