


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund (PRGIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Growth & Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRGIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.36
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.39%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$25.13
							
							-
							
								$30.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$1,793.18

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Growth & Income Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks long-term capital growth and current income primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.01%
				
			

				
					10.01%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.63%
				
			

				
					14.63%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.12%
				
			

				
					7.12%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.94%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.94%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 21, 1982
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now






































Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Global Income Builder NextShares  



EVGBC
Symbol



$22.31
$-0.01


Net Asset ValueJul 21, 2017



$22.31
$0.02


Closing PriceJul 21, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund invests in common stocks, income instruments, preferred stocks and hybrid securities around the globe that the portfolio managers believe may provide attractive levels of income. For its investments in common stocks, the managers may also seek t o invest in securities they believe have the potential to grow income and/or provide capital appreciation over time.



The Approach
Fund managers employ a bottom-up, research driven process to identify what they believe are attractive global securities up and down the capital structure. Management endeavors to invest in income producing instruments, coupled with investments in common  stocks that may have the potential for growth of income and capital appreciation over time. Overall asset allocation decisions are made collectively by the portfolio managers.



The Features
The global, multi-asset class approach may provide diversification benefits as management seeks to uncover opportunities across an array of income producing securities and common stock. A flexible mandate with broad discretion (within the specified inves tment ranges) to allocate across investment instruments may help navigate the challenges that face traditional sources of income.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
03/30/2016


Investment Objective
Total return


Total Net Assets2
$15.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$380.7M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
700000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


CUSIP
27830G863







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alphabet Inc - CL C



Johnson & Johnson



Wells Fargo & Co



Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc



Interpublic Group of Cos Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Facebook Inc



Chubb Ltd



CDW Corp/DE



Melrose Industries PLC



Total
11.14







Portfolio Management




 
Christopher M. Dyer, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Michael A. Allison, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


John H. Croft, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Jeffrey D. Mueller


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


MSCI World Index1
9.04
-40.71
29.99
11.76
-5.54
15.83
26.68
4.94
-0.87
7.51





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


Inception
03/30/2016


Distribution Frequency
Monthly







Yield Information8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Distribution Rate at NAV
5.44%


Subsidized SEC 30-day Yield
2.19%


Unsubsidized SEC 30-day Yield
1.66%







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 20, 2017
$22.32
$0.05


Jul 19, 2017
$22.27
$0.07


Jul 18, 2017
$22.20
$0.03


Jul 17, 2017
$22.17
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$22.17
$0.10


Jul 13, 2017
$22.07
$0.05


Jul 12, 2017
$22.02
$0.10


Jul 11, 2017
$21.92
$0.00


Jul 10, 2017
$21.92
$0.01


Jul 07, 2017
$21.91
$0.03







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Jul 03, 2017
$0.10000


Jun 01, 2017
$0.10000


May 01, 2017
$0.10000


Apr 03, 2017
$0.05000


Mar 01, 2017
$0.05550


Feb 01, 2017
$0.04110


Jan 03, 2017
$0.09020


Dec 01, 2016
$0.07070


Nov 01, 2016
$0.04690


Oct 03, 2016
$0.04440





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus






Capital Gain History9






Ex-Date
Short-Term
Long-Term


 



No records in this table indicates that there has not been a capital gain greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. SEC 30-day yield is a standardized measure based on the estimated yield to maturity of a fund's investments over a 30-day period and is based on the maximum offer price at the date specified. The SEC 30-day yield is not based on the distributions made by  the fund, which may differ. Subsidized yield reflects the effect of fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Distribution Rate at NAV is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV. The Fund's monthly distribution may  be comprised of ordinary income, net realized capital gains and returns of capital.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 20, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$22.29
+$0.02
+0.09%


Closing NAV
$22.32
+$0.05
+0.22%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV-$0.03




Low
NAV-$0.03




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV-$0.03




Closing
NAV-$0.03




Trading Volume (Shares)
24,700









Trading History11Inception through Jul 20, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 19, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 18, 2017




$0.00
$0.08


Jul 17, 2017
-$0.04
-$0.04
-$0.04
-$0.04
$0.00
$0.08


Jul 14, 2017




$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 20, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%



1%


 +0.26% to +0.50%
2%
2%
0%
16%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
94%
94%
100%
83%


-0.26% to -0.50%
5%
5%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7,13,14,15as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Foreign Common Stocks
30.83


U.S. Common Stocks
27.39


U.S. Corporate Bonds
19.44


Foreign Corporate Bonds
11.05


Cash
4.55


Floating-Rate Loans
3.37


Preferred Stock
3.30


Convertible Bond
0.08


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$101.8B


Price/Earnings Ratio
17.57


Number of Holdings
506


Number of Equity Holdings
141


Price/Book Ratio
2.39


Average Coupon
6.43%


Average Maturity
9.87 yrs.


Average Duration
1.25 yrs.


Average Price
$105.04







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,16as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
MSCI World Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
14.47
12.32


Consumer Staples
7.91
9.67


Energy
7.97
6.04


Financials
20.00
18.01


Health Care
10.29
12.55


Industrials
12.28
11.51


Information Technology
11.67
15.65


Materials
4.33
4.90


Real Estate
3.29
3.21


Telecom Services
1.93
2.95


Utilities
5.86
3.19







Credit Quality (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
BBB
9.85


BB
37.69


B
42.70


CCC or Lower
6.33


Not Rated
3.42


Total
100.00





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.






Maturity Distribution (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Less Than 1 Year
0.00


1 To 3 Years
4.88


3 To 5 Years
16.05


5 To 10 Years
64.48


10 To 20 Years
1.50


20 To 30 Years
0.52


More Than 30 Years
12.57


Total
100.00







Assets by Country (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
United States
52.86


United Kingdom
9.08


France
5.52


Japan
4.25


Spain
3.67


Canada
3.54


Netherlands
2.59


Germany
1.84


Denmark
1.60


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00





View All








Geographic Mix (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
North America
56.40


Europe
31.80


Asia/Pacific
6.68


Latin America/Caribbean
0.57


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00







Portfolio Holdings6,7,19as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
US Dollars
2.22%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
1.81%


EV Cash Reserves Fund LLC
1.33%


Facebook Inc
0.94%


Deutsche Telekom AG
0.89%


Newell Brands Inc
0.87%


Amazon.com Inc
0.87%


Visa Inc
0.83%


Melrose Industries PLC
0.82%


Apple Inc
0.82%





View All








Basket Details20Jul 24, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees21,22,23Jul 24, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. A delay in transaction settlement may result in a negative cash position.
14. Preferred stocks include both U.S. and foreign securities.
15. The Fund may obtain exposure to certain market segments through investments in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) and futures. For purposes of the asset breakdowns, allocations with respect to the Fund's investments in ETFs and futures are based on the underly ing portfolio composition of each ETF and future as of the calendar quarter end.
16. Percent of equity holdings.
17. Percent of bond holdings.
18. Percent of total net assets.
19. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
20. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
21. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
22. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
23. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Christopher M. Dyer, CFA
Vice President, Director of Global Equity, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Christopher Dyer is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and director of global equity. He is responsible for building and leading a global equity investment team, and managing global and international equity portfolios. He  joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Chris began his career in the financial services industry in 2001. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was managing director and head of European equity for Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), where he was affiliated since 2001.
Chris earned a B.S., cum laude, from Georgetown University and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S. Georgetown University
M.B.A. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Michael A. Allison, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2000


Michael Allison is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, a director of equity strategy implementation and a structured equity portfolio manager on a number of Eaton Vance’s global and domestic equity income and tax-managed equity portfolios.  On those funds, he is responsible for portfolio construction, tax oversight and risk management. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2000.
Mike began his career in the investment management industry in 1988. Before joining Eaton Vance, Mike was an equity analyst for Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. He was also affiliated with Fleet Investment Advisors and Phoenix Home Life  Mutual Fund Insurance Co.
Mike earned a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S.B.A., The University of Denver


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


John H. Croft, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2004


John Croft is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s diversified fixed-income team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the firm’s diversified  fixed-income strategies. He joined Eaton Vance in 2004.
John began his career in the investment management industry in 1986. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a credit analyst with Fidelity Management & Research Co.
John earned a B.A. from Colgate University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.A. Colgate University
M.B.A. Booth School of Business, University of Chicago


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Jeffrey D. Mueller
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Jeffrey Mueller is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and a global portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s high-yield team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the  firm's high-yield strategies. He leads investment management and credit research for all non-U.S. high-yield opportunities. He joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Jeff began his career in the investment management industry in 2004. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a high-yield portfolio manager with Threadneedle Asset Management. He was previously affiliated with Centaurus Capital Ltd. and Amaranth Advisors LLC.
Jeff earned a B.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He was named in Financial News’ high-profile "Rising Stars in Asset Management" list in 2016, which highlights the top 40 investment management professionals in Europe unde r the age of 40.


Education

B.B.A. University of Wisconsin at Madison


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 13, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVGBCGlobal Income Builder NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 21, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016  







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares











































                        Introducing
                    




                            NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.    
                    








■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.













■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.












                                Overview















                                How do the costs of NextShares compare?
                            

















Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 






    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.








    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.







Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 










                                Learn how











                                How can NextShares potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions?












Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.





Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4







Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.



Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4








                                Learn how















                                How do NextSharesinvest?















Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital





    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.







    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.






Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital








                                Learn how











                                How do I buy and sell NextShares?
                            














    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.











Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    










    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.









Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    








                                Learn how














                                What kinds of investors
                                are NextShares designed for?
                            





























NextShares are designed for investors who seek:

■
        Professional, active portfolio management
■
        Long-term investments
■
        The potential for better performance through structurally lower costs
■
        The potential for lower capital gains taxes

NextShares are not suitable for frequent traders.

    Bottom line: NextShares have wide investor appeal.



        Comparing NextShares to mutual funds and ETFs
    


 
            PDF Download
        









                                Learn more







 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 









 













NextShares.com - Resources






































Resources



        Literature and More
      


White papers


            “Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds”
          

Download


 


            “Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Products at Age Seven”
          

Download




Brochure


            NextShares: Unleash the active.
          

Download


Commentary


Choosing the simplicity of NextShares


Download







        Video Library
      



The next evolution of fund investing™



 
NextShares are the first funds to combine the benefits of exchange trading with the potential for market-beating returns using proprietary active management.


What are NextShares?





NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.





Designed for active management





NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.


Are NextShares right for you?




NextShares have wide appeal for long-term investors.





How do I buy and sell NextShares?




 
NextShares are bought and sold on an exchange through a brokerage account, much like exchange-listed stocks and ETFs.






Everything you always wanted to know about NextShares*
*BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK


NextShares are new. And somewhat different. But new and different doesn't have to mean complicated or confusing. These questions and answers are intended to help potential users of NextShares get up to speed on this exciting investment product.

NextShares at a glance
NextShares terms and phrases
Comparing NextShares to ETFs
Comparing NextShares to mutual funds
Comparing NextShares to closed-end funds
Buying and selling NextShares
Creations and redemptions
Investor information
Owning NextShares
Master-feeder structure
Special considerations and risks
Regulation
Tax treatment
Competition
Intellectual property
Transparency
Misperceptions and myths





        Regulatory and Technical Documents
      


NextShares Regulatory Documents

            NextShares-related SEC filings and approvals.
          


Portfolio-Protected Active ETF Regulatory Documents

            SEC filings and related documents.
          


Issued U.S. Patents

            Issued patents underpinning NextShares.
          


NASDAQ Updates and Specifications

            Summaries of changes to trading protocols, feeds and services, with links to detailed specifications.
          






 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Resources
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 








 



Stock NextShares (EVSTC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Stock NextShares  



EVSTC
Symbol



$24.85
$0.01


Net Asset ValueJul 21, 2017



$24.85
$0.04


Closing PriceJul 21, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund leverages the skill, experience and knowledge of Eaton Vance's equity research organization. Charlie Gaffney oversees the investment process – assembling some of the equity analysts best research ideas in one fund.



The Approach
The investment approach is grounded in hands-on fundamental research, which involves finding companies with consistent earnings growth and leading business franchises. We believe these companies may offer more consistency of returns over the long haul. S ector diversification is achieved by allocating assets across sectors represented in the S&P 500 Index.



The Features
Provides investors with a foundation of research-driven investments picked by an experienced research staff. Style-neutral framework including both value and growth investments can help lessen exposure to the value/growth cycle over time. Stock selection  and active industry allocation decisions generally serve as the primary driver of the Fund's comparative performance.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
02/25/2016


Investment Objective
Long-term capital appreciation


Total Net Assets2
$13.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$628.1M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
550000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


CUSIP
27830G608







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Apple Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Alphabet Inc - CL C



Wells Fargo & Co



Chubb Ltd



Facebook Inc



Verizon Communications Inc



Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc



First American Financial Corp



FedEx Corp



Total
24.87







Portfolio Management




 
Charles Gaffney


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


S&P 500 Index1
5.49
-37.00
26.46
15.06
2.11
16.00
32.39
13.69
1.38
11.96





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


Inception
02/25/2016


Distribution Frequency
Annually







Risk Measures (3 Year)8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alpha (%)
-0.73


Beta
0.94


R-Squared (%)
95.18


Standard Deviation (%)
9.92


Sharpe Ratio
0.80







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 20, 2017
$24.84
-$0.01


Jul 19, 2017
$24.85
$0.17


Jul 18, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 17, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$24.68
$0.11


Jul 13, 2017
$24.57
$0.07


Jul 12, 2017
$24.50
$0.16


Jul 11, 2017
$24.34
-$0.03


Jul 10, 2017
$24.37
$0.03


Jul 07, 2017
$24.34
$0.17







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Dec 13, 2016
$0.12820





No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. Alpha measures risk-adjusted performance, showing excess return delivered at the same risk level as the benchmark. Beta measures the volatility of a fund relative to the overall market. R-Squared represents the percentage of the portfolio's movement that  can be explained by the general movement of the market. Standard deviation measures the historic volatility of a fund. Sharpe Ratio uses standard deviation and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 20, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$24.81
-$0.04
-0.16%


Closing NAV
$24.84
-$0.01
-0.04%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV-$0.03




Low
NAV-$0.03




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV-$0.03




Closing
NAV-$0.03




Trading Volume (Shares)
24,900









Trading History11Inception through Jul 20, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 19, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 18, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 17, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 14, 2017




$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 20, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%






 +0.26% to +0.50%



3%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
98%
98%
100%
97%


-0.26% to -0.50%
2%
2%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
U.S. Common Stocks
95.60


Foreign Common Stocks
4.39


Cash
0.02


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$137.4B


Price/Earnings Ratio
18.09


Number of Holdings
81


Price/Book Ratio
2.84







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
S&P 500 Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
12.41
12.27


Consumer Staples
9.27
9.05


Energy
5.90
6.01


Financials
14.49
14.55


Health Care
14.41
14.51


Industrials
10.14
10.28


Information Technology
22.18
22.26


Materials
2.96
2.85


Real Estate
2.84
2.93


Telecom Services
2.21
2.14


Utilities
3.19
3.16


Cash
0.02
—







Portfolio Holdings6,7,13as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
Apple Inc
4.89%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
3.10%


Johnson & Johnson
2.72%


JPMorgan Chase & Co
2.69%


Facebook Inc
2.36%


Wells Fargo & Co
2.35%


Chubb Ltd
2.30%


Verizon Communications Inc
2.22%


Amazon.com Inc
1.99%


First American Financial Corp
1.99%





View All








Basket Details14Jul 24, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees15,16,17Jul 24, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
14. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
15. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
16. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
17. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Charles Gaffney
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2003


Charles Gaffney is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s global core team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for a number of the firm’s global  core equity strategies. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2003.
Charlie began his career in the investment management industry in 1996. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was affiliated with Brown Brothers Harriman as a sector portfolio manager and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as a senior equity analyst.
Charlie earned a B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1995 and an MBA from Fordham University in 2002.


Education

B.A. Bowdoin College
M.B.A. Graduate School of Business, Fordham University


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: May 10, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVSTCStock NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 21, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Full ProspectusMay 1, 2017SAIMay 1, 2017Summary ProspectusMay 1, 2017NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016

Newsworthy

Eaton Vance to Ring Nasdaq Opening Bell to Mark Launch of First NextShares FundFeb 29, 2016 

 







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Stock NextShares (EVSTC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - News









































News

Articles
|
Events











6/9/2017
Ignites

Featured News









NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.







 



Media Inquiries

Robyn Tice
Vice President
                                        Director of Media Relations
                                        rtice@nextshares.com
617-672-8940














Filter





Date Range:
FROM

TO

Apply dates


Type:


Clear








No results were found. Please try a wider date range, additional sources, or additional formats.
                    





6/9/2017
Ignites




NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.






2/7/2017
ETF Advisor




Gabelli Funds Launches Food of All Nations NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced that Gabelli Food of All Nations NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on February 14, 2017.






12/15/2016
Business Wire




Causeway Capital Management to Introduce NextShares
“Causeway is a trusted investment manager and we’re proud to begin partnering with them,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions.






11/30/2016
Nationwide




Nationwide Funds to Introduce NextShares
“We're proud to add Nationwide Funds as a NextShares partner,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions. “We're pleased to expand the distribution of NextShares to Nationwide Funds investors.”






11/29/2016
Business Wire




Gabelli Funds Launches Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced today that Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December 1, 2016.






10/31/2016
Business Wire




Interactive Brokers Group Announces the Availability of Eaton Vance NextShares™ with No Transaction Fees
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., announced today the availability of Eaton Vance NextSharesTM exchange-traded managed funds through its investing and trading platforms on a no-transaction fee (NTF) basis.






10/21/2016
Ignites




Ivy First Licensee to Go Live With NextShares
Ivy Investments launched three strategies using the NextShares exchange-traded managed fund structure, becoming the first licensee of the Eaton Vance affiliate to launch any of the products.






10/18/2016
Business Wire




Ivy Launches its First Three NextShares™
Ivy Investment Management Company today introduced its first three Ivy NextShares as part of a planned lineup of NextShares exchange-traded managed funds. Ivy is among the first to offer the new structure.






8/25/2016
Forbes




NextShares Targets Lower Fund Fees
Julie Cooling from RIA Channel, interviews Jonathan Isaac, Managing Director of Product Strategy at NextShares. Cooling and Isaac discuss the launch of one of the most innovative financial platforms of our time.






7/27/2016
STRUCTUREDRETAILPRODUCTS.COM




UBS Beefs up ETF offering in the US via partnership with Eaton Vance subsidiary
The $910 billion Boston-based institutional investment consultant is working with the global asset manager to identify new NextShares™ exchange-traded managed fund (NextShares) sub-advisers.






7/18/2016
Press Release




NEPC Engaged by Eaton Vance for NextShares™ Sub-Adviser Search







7/13/2016
Ignites




UBS First Wirehouse to Ink Eaton Vance NextShares Deal
Eaton Vance signed an agreement with UBS Wealth Management to distribute NextShares through its financial advisor network. The distributor is the first wirehouse to accommodate the new investment wrapper on its platform.






7/13/2016
Press Release




UBS Plans to Offer NextShares Exchange-Traded Managed Funds







5/18/2016
Fund Action




Early Adopters of NextShares Set To Benefit
“There’s an economic advantage in terms of pricing,” Stephen Clarke, president of Eaton Vance subsidiary NextShares Solutions, told FA.






5/13/2016
Ignites




NextShares Inks Second Distribution Deal
Interactive Brokers Group said Thursday that it plans to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to retail investors and financial pros through its platforms, making it the second distributor through which the products can be sold.






4/20/2016
Ignites




Ivy Funds Preps NextShares for Launch
Ivy Funds is lining up to be the first third-party manager to launch NextShares non-transparent exchange-traded products. NextShares is an Eaton Vance subsidiary.






4/20/2016
Press Release




Ivy NextShares to Launch Late Summer 2016
Ivy NextShares, managed by Ivy Investment Management Company, a subsidiary of Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., has filed a registration statement with the Securities & Exchange Commission to register three Ivy NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (NextShares).






3/29/2016
ETF Express




Eaton Vance to launch two additional NextShares funds
Eaton Vance Corp is to launch two additional NextShares exchange-traded managed funds, the Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (:EVGBC) and Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).






3/4/2016
ThinkAdvisor.com




Neither ETF Nor Mutual Fund, Behold the Exchange-Traded Managed Fund
Eaton Vance launched NextShares in late February; other investment advisors have pending deals for their own exchange-traded managed fund.






3/3/2016
Ignites




Eaton Vance CEO: NextShares Launch to Create Domino Effect
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust is counting on the recent launch of NextShares to build momentum for the non-transparent exchange-traded products.






3/1/2016
Press Release




Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC Scheduled to Present at Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference
Eaton Vance Corp. (NYSE: EV) announced that Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC, is scheduled to speak at the Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference on Thursday, March 3, 2016.






2/29/2016
Nasdaq




Eaton Vance Stock NextShares Rings the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell
Eaton Vance, a leading global asset manager whose history dates to 1924, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square in celebration of launching Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (Nasdaq:EVSTC).






2/25/2016
ETF.com




Eaton Vance’s NextShares Finally Debuts
Exchange-traded managed funds—the new structure patented by Eaton Vance that falls somewhere between an ETF and an open-ended mutual fund—are coming to market.






2/25/2016
Ignites




On Verge of NextShares Launch, Eaton Vance Preaches Patience
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust had a single message for NextShares skeptics during Wednesday’s earnings call: Have patience.






1/15/2016
Mutual Fund Wire




Don't Call Them ETMFs
When it comes to the new type of funds that Eaton Vance is creating, call them NextShares or exchange-traded managed funds but don't use the abbreviation.






11/25/2015
Ignites




B-Ds Want NextShares 'Proof'; 2016 Could Deliver It
Eaton Vance’s plans to launch the first swath of NextShares this year may be off the table, but officials are hoping a successful 2016 debut will convince distributors and asset managers to set aside their reservations and make the products a priority.






10/19/2015
Pensions & Investments




Managers finding new ETF niches to stake their claims
Over the past several months, U.S. money managers traditionally associated with active portfolio management for both retail and institutional clients have made their exchange-traded fund aspirations more pronounced.






10/1/2015
ThinkAdvisor




New Providers in U.S. ETF Space Set Record: ETFGI
Asset managers are tripping over themselves to get into the U.S. exchange-traded funds and products space, according to a report released Thursday by ETFGI, a London-based research and consultancy firm.






9/29/2015
Ignites




Columbia Threadneedle Plots Multi-Front ETF Expansion
Columbia Threadneedle plans to build on its small lineup of active ETFs with both index-based strategies and non-transparent exchanged-traded managed funds.






9/28/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Columbia Management Seeks Permission to Launch NextShares, Index ETFs
Columbia Management Investment Advisers LLC, a Boston subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial Inc., is seeking permission from regulators to launch a version of exchange-traded managed funds, a new breed of fund planned by Eaton Vance Corp.






9/9/2015
ETF Express




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
ALPS has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC (Navigate), a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (ETMFs).






9/9/2015
Investment News




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
NextShares, the new fund structure from Eaton Vance Corp. designed to reduce the costs of active management, has won its first broker-dealer partner. Two investing platforms managed by Foliofn Investments Inc. will offer the funds to financial advisers and other investors.






9/9/2015
Ignites




NextShares Touts First B-D Distribution Deal
Eaton Vance has found a broker-dealer to allow its brokerage and RIA custody clients to buy and sell NextShares exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Online Brokerage Folio Investing to Offer NextShares
Online brokerage services Folio Investing and Folio Institutional plan to offer a new type of fund created by a unit of Eaton Vance Corp. that may start trading later this year.






9/8/2015
Press Release




ALPS Announces Initiative to Launch NextShares
ALPS, a DST Company providing products and services to the financial services industry, today announced it has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC, a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
Press Release




Folio Announces Plans to Offer NextShares
Folio Investing and Folio Institutional, leading online brokerage services for individual investors, financial advisors, institutions and their clients, today announced plans to be the first broker-dealer to offer NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds directly to individual investors, advisors and institutions.






8/19/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Envestnet Plans to Offer NextShares
“Envestnet’s decision may make it easier for other companies to step forward to offer the exchange-traded managed funds.” - CEO Tom Faust






8/18/2015
Press Release




Envestnet Announces Initiative to Offer NextShares
Envestnet, Inc. today announced plans to make NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds available to financial advisors through the Envestnet wealth management platform as part of its advisor-as-portfolio-manager tools as well as through Fund Strategist Portfolios (FSPs).






8/3/2015
WealthManagement.com




Ten to Watch 2016: Stephen Clarke
Stephen Clarke is among the 10 influencers and innovators expected to impact the advisory industry in 2016.






6/29/2015
Institutional Investor




Eaton Vance's NextShares: The Best of Two Worlds?
Tom Faust, CEO of Eaton Vance, is credited with launching NextShares, a new exchange-traded product that he hopes will help active money managers stem the tide of money flowing into cheaper index funds.






5/20/2015
Financial Times




NextShares in Financial Times: ETF model puts active managers to the test
The SEC has cleared a new vehicle developed by Eaton Vance. It will carry the brand name NextShares, and might just be the biggest innovation for the investment industry since the ETF 25 years ago.






5/7/2015
Boston Business Journal




Pioneer Investments offers NextShares in Boston Business Journal: Eaton Vance's new product could revolutionize
“Having big ambitions and tremendous respect for the value added of this structure, I would like to have more fund companies signed up.” - CEO Tom Faust






4/14/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Tom Faust on NextShares Developments
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes and delivers active strategies more efficiently.






4/14/2015
Ignites




Eaton Vance Cuts Costs, Preserves Margins With NextShares
“Lower costs relative to active mutual funds is a key selling point to advisors.”






4/1/2015
Ignites




Victory Capital Signs Up for NextShares
Victory Capital Management is the latest firm to sign with Eaton Vance to develop and launch NextShares.






3/10/2015
Traders Magazine




Eaton Vance NextShares Carves Out a New Space
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jason Crosby said, “We are working through the operational requirements to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to our clients when available.”






3/8/2015
Investment News




 Seeing through the ETF argument in favor of transparency
Transparency promotes marketplace competition, supports better investor decision-making and exposes suspect market practices.






3/5/2015
The New York Times




Eaton Vance Charts Exchange-Traded Future
“We are changing the social contract with mutual fund investors. This really can be transformational.” - CEO Tom Faust






2/4/2015
Mutual Fund Wire




Active Fundsters Hear ETFs Calling, Even During the Price War
Active managers American Beacon and Gabelli Funds sign up for NextShares.






1/5/2015
Ignites




Executives Who Got the Job Done in 2014
“When this [idea] came up it was apparent it could be a game-changer. NextShares have the potential to broadly improve the performance and tax efficiency of active fund strategies …” - Navigate CEO Stephen Clarke






12/3/2014
Press Release




Availability of New White Paper Examining Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds and Their Impact on Fund Performance 
NextShares have the ability to sidestep significant fund costs, asset custody charges and the cost of portfolio trades to implement managers’ buy and sell decisions.






11/7/2014
Bloomberg




Eaton Vance Invented a New Flavor of Mutual Fund
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes, and delivers active strategies more efficiently.

























 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - News
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 










  









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.


























































































Solutions for growing assets | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Grow Assets












Grow Assets






















Looking for investment options to help maximize your clients’ asset growth? Learn about asset growth solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

When investors think about financial goals, they’re often related to milestones — buying a home; paying for a wedding; retiring with confidence. Each is personal and each has a timeline — giving growth products a competitive edge. Our proprietary research, breakthrough investment ideas and disciplined selection process help uncover opportunities to accelerate asset growth, so your clients reach their financial goals.
Solutions for Growing Assets




Columbia Select Large Cap Growth Fund
Morningstar Category: Large Growth

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fund Story

Strategy
This fund targets innovative companies gaining market share in industries that represent a larger segment of the economy.
Benefits

Selects companies with the potential to provide considerably higher returns than the overall market
Conducts extensive research to unearth high-growth companies
Designed to uncover companies with future growth prospects that will propel the fund’s performance
Seeks competitive performance using a patient, long-term approach





Columbia Overseas Value Fund
Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Value

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
This fund invests primarily in foreign stocks trading below our assessment of fair value, with good business fundamentals, shareholder-friendly managements and sound prospects for growth.
Benefits

Provides increased geographic diversification with international stocks
Focused on companies, not headlines, thanks to extensive research capabilities
Offers long-term growth potential





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help


















 





	First Trust Energy Income And Growth Fund (FEN)










































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts




















Printer Friendly Page

Fact Sheet







First Trust Energy Income And Growth Fund (FEN)




Fund Summary|News & Literature|Historical Pricing|Distribution History|Contact Fund











Investment Objective/Strategy - First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to seek a high level of after-tax total return with an emphasis on current distributions paid to shareholders. The Fund seeks to provide its shareholders with an efficient vehicle to invest in a portfolio of cash-generating securities of energy companies. The Fund will focus on investing in publicly traded master limited partnerships ("MLPs") and related public entities in the energy sector which the Fund's investment sub-advisor believes offer opportunities for income and growth. Under normal market conditions after the invest-up period, the Fund will invest at least 85% of its managed assets in securities of energy companies, energy sector MLPs and MLP-related entities and will invest at least 65% of its managed assets in equity securities of such MLPs and MLP-related entities.


        There can be no assurance that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved.
    






Fund Overview


TickerFEN

Fund TypeEnergy

Investment AdvisorFirst Trust Advisors L.P.

Portfolio Manager/Sub-AdvisorEnergy Income Partners, LLC

Investor Servicing AgentBNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US) Inc.

CUSIP33738G104

Fiscal Year-End11/30

ExchangeNYSE MKT

Inception6/24/2004

Inception Price$20.00

Inception NAV$19.10








Current Fund Data (as of 7/21/2017)


Closing NAV1$24.53

Closing Share Price2$25.30

Premium to NAV3.14%

Total Managed Assets$646,237,328

Common Shares Outstanding19,597,887

Dividend FrequencyQuarterly

Dividend Per Share Amt3$0.5800

Distribution Rate49.17%

Daily Volume61,400

Average 30-Day Daily Volume61,778

Closing Share Price 52-Week High/Low$28.18 / $23.38

Closing NAV 52-Week High/Low$26.84 / $23.43






Expense Ratios (as of 11/30/2016)


Annual ExpensesPercent of Net AssetsPercent of ManagedAssets

Management Fees1.34%1.00%

Other Expenses0.17%0.12%

Total Operating Expenses1.51%1.12%

 

Leverage Costs1.09%0.81%

Current Inc Tax Expenses-3.02%-2.25%

Deferred Inc Tax Expenses8.07%6.01%

 

Total Annual Expenses7.65%5.69%

 



		Leverage costs include interest, fees and any upfront/offering costs associated with borrowings by the Fund.
	

			
					FEN is treated as a regular C corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and as such is obligated to pay federal 
					and applicable state and foreign corporate taxes on its taxable income.
				
		





Leverage Information (as of 7/21/2017)6


Total Net Assets with Leverage$646,237,328

Amount Attributable to Common Shares$480,737,328

Amount Attributable to Preferred Shares$0

Amount Attributable to Other Borrowings$165,500,000

Leverage (% of Total Net Assets)25.61%







Industry Breakdown (as of 5/31/2017)7








 
Industry
Percent






                            Petroleum Product Transmission
                        

                            30.65%
                        






                            Natural Gas Transmission
                        

                            28.41%
                        






                            Crude Oil Transmission
                        

                            16.84%
                        






                            Electric Power & Transmission
                        

                            13.12%
                        






                            Nat. Gas Gathering & Processing
                        

                            3.74%
                        






                            Propane
                        

                            3.16%
                        






                            Coal
                        

                            2.80%
                        






                            Other
                        

                            1.28%
                        












Share Price and NAV History (Since Inception)




Past performance is not indicative of future results.







% Premium/Discount (Since Inception)








Cumulative Total Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Months
-3.67%
-4.26%


1 Year
9.12%
2.89%


3 Years
-10.30%
-18.32%


5 Years
20.81%
27.43%


10 Years
92.93%
68.47%


Year to Date
0.10%
-1.98%


Inception to Date
217.00%
221.21%







Calendar Year Returns (as of 12/31/2016)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


2005
3.68%
8.53%


2006
23.70%
24.80%


2007
3.07%
-1.23%


2008
-39.80%
-41.14%


2009
87.45%
62.30%


2010
24.24%
34.40%


2011
12.50%
17.19%


2012
15.97%
6.33%


2013
12.14%
24.43%


2014
20.33%
20.02%


2015
-33.29%
-32.27%


2016
27.19%
22.77%







Average Annual Returns (as of 6/30/2017)5


Period
Share Price
NAV


3 Years
-3.56%
-6.52%


5 Years
3.85%
4.97%


10 Years
6.79%
5.35%


Inception to Date
9.27%
9.38%






Top 10 Holdings (as of 5/31/2017)7


Holding
Percent


Enterprise Products Partners, L.P.
11.17%


Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.
7.42%


Spectra Energy Partners, L.P.
6.26%


Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P.
5.96%


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.
5.67%


ONEOK Partners, L.P.
4.63%


TC Pipelines, L.P.
4.25%


Holly Energy Partners, L.P.
4.20%


TransCanada Corp.
4.10%


EQT Midstream Partners L.P.
3.74%











Footnotes


1
The NAV represents the fund's net assets (assets less liabilities) divided by the fund's common shares outstanding.


2
Fund shares are purchased and sold on an exchange at their share price rather than net asset value (NAV), which may cause the shares to trade at a price greater than NAV (premium) or less than NAV (discount).


3
Most recent distribution paid or declared to today's date. Subject to change in the future. There is no guarantee that the fund will declare dividends.


4
Distribution rates are calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution paid or declared through today's date and then dividing by the most recent market price. The distribution consists of the sum of net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, net realized long-term capital gains, and return of capital.  Distribution rates may vary. Any distribution adjustment will not be reflected until after the declaration date for the next distribution.  See the fund's 19a-1 Notices, if any, located under the "News & Literature" section of the website for estimates of distribution sources. Final determination of the source and tax status of all distributions paid in the current year will be made after year-end.


5
Total return is the combination of reinvested dividend income and reinvested capital gains distributions, at prices obtained by the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, if any, and changes in the NAV and Share Price.  The NAV total return takes into account the fund's total annual expenses and does not reflect sales load.  Past performance is not indicative of future results.


6
Leverage is a technique where a closed-end fund's manager borrows assets at one rate and invests the proceeds from the borrowed assets at another rate, seeking to increase yield and total return. Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


7
Market value information used in calculating the percentages is based upon trade date plus one recording of transactions, which can differ from regulatory financial reports (Forms N-CSR and N-Q) that are based on trade date recording of security transactions. Holdings are subject to change.













Risk Considerations

The fund is subject to risks, including the fact that it is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. Investment return and market value of an investment in the fund will fluctuate. Shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
    

    Because the fund is concentrated in securities issued by energy companies, energy sector MLPs and MLP-related entities, it will be more susceptible to adverse economic or regulatory occurrences affecting those industries, including high interest costs, high leverage costs, the effects of economic slowdown, surplus capacity, increased competition, uncertainties concerning the availability of fuel at reasonable prices, the effects of energy conservation policies and other factors.


    The fund's use of derivatives may result in losses greater than if they had not been used, may require the fund to sell or purchase portfolio securities at inopportune times, may limit the amount of appreciation the fund can realize on an investment, or may cause the fund to hold a security that it might otherwise sell.


    Investment in non-U.S. securities is subject to the risk of currency fluctuations and to economic and political risks associated with such foreign countries.


    Use of leverage can result in additional risk and cost, and can magnify the effect of any losses.


    The risks of investing in the fund are spelled out in the prospectus, shareholder report and other regulatory filings.












        Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value
    












 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.













FEN Stock Price - First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE MKT) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,519


-62


-0.29%











S&P F

2,470.00


-1.25


-0.05%











NASDAQ F

5,923.00


-2.25


-0.04%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Silver

16.50


0.155


0.95%











Crude Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:20a

Updated
Qualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight



9:19a

Updated
YogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions



9:18a

Updated
Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say



9:00a

This is what should really worry you about stocks



8:25a

Updated
Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true



8:25a

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



8:25a

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



8:25a

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



8:21a

Updated
Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 



8:15a

9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


FEN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Amex

 



FEN
U.S.: NYSE MKT


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund

Watchlist 
CreateFENAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 3:59 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
25.30



-0.24
-0.94%






Previous Close




$25.54





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




106.6% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    61.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 57.6K
            





Open: 25.80
Close: 25.30



25.25
Day Low/High
25.80





Day Range



23.15
52 Week Low/High
28.48


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$25.80



Day Range
25.25 - 25.80



52 Week Range
23.15 - 28.48



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
19.4M



Public Float
14.56M



Beta
0.87



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
9.17%



Dividend
$0.58



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 21, 2017



Short Interest
10.78K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
0.07%



Average Volume
57.58K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.79%







1 Month


3.31%







3 Month


-7.29%







YTD


-4.67%







1 Year


-0.51%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Frenkel Topping 2015 pretax profit falls 18%


Mar. 14, 2016 at 3:51 a.m. ET













Forcenergy Files Under Chapter 11


Mar. 23, 1999 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small Caps Reverse Loss
As Nasdaq Continues Rise


Jan. 12, 1999 at 12:32 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small Caps
Trail Market


Aug. 11, 1998 at 12:16 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small-Cap Stocks Slip; 
Nasdaq Gains on Techs


Mar. 24, 1998 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small-Capitalization Stocks Fall;
Great Plains IPO Price Doubles


Jun. 20, 1997 at 6:23 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'
Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

Jul. 5, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says
MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly
The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

Jun. 2, 2017 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield
Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

May. 30, 2017 at 9:51 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs
Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs

Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%


Apr. 3, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode


Mar. 30, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields


Mar. 8, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry


Mar. 2, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming


Feb. 25, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Performance Review Of Another 8 High Dividend MLP CEFs: All Eligible For One's Tax-Free Accounts And No K-1


Feb. 22, 2017 at 8:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





My Income Investments Are Tilted Towards Rising Interest Rates And Growth


Feb. 20, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early


Feb. 9, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge


Feb. 9, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-Yield MLPs Grow And Distribute Cash No Matter Price Of Crude Oil


Jan. 26, 2017 at 4:09 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table


Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-Yield Midstream MLPs Perform Well During Periods Of Rising Interest Rates And Inflation


Jan. 18, 2017 at 5:55 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share

Jul. 10, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for FEI, 
      FEN, FIF and FPL


Apr. 21, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Jan. 10, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Oct. 11, 2016 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





KKR and Venado Form Partnership to Pursue Oil and Gas Investments in 
      Eagle Ford Shale


Sep. 29, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Call for FEN, 
      FIF and FEI


Sep. 22, 2016 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SAM

3.62%








AMPH

2.96%








FNF

3.82%








KALU

-0.11%








SYK

-0.82%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:20 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:20 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:20 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































FEN Stock Price - First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE MKT) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,519


-62


-0.29%











S&P F

2,470.00


-1.25


-0.05%











NASDAQ F

5,923.00


-2.25


-0.04%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Silver

16.50


0.155


0.95%











Crude Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:20a

Updated
Qualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight



9:19a

Updated
YogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions



9:18a

Updated
Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say



9:00a

This is what should really worry you about stocks



8:25a

Updated
Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true



8:25a

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



8:25a

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



8:25a

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



8:21a

Updated
Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 



8:15a

9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


FEN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Amex

 



FEN
U.S.: NYSE MKT


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund

Watchlist 
CreateFENAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 3:59 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
25.30



-0.24
-0.94%






Previous Close




$25.54





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




106.6% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    61.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 57.6K
            





Open: 25.80
Close: 25.30



25.25
Day Low/High
25.80





Day Range



23.15
52 Week Low/High
28.48


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$25.80



Day Range
25.25 - 25.80



52 Week Range
23.15 - 28.48



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
19.4M



Public Float
14.56M



Beta
0.87



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
9.17%



Dividend
$0.58



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 21, 2017



Short Interest
10.78K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
0.07%



Average Volume
57.58K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.79%







1 Month


3.31%







3 Month


-7.29%







YTD


-4.67%







1 Year


-0.51%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Frenkel Topping 2015 pretax profit falls 18%


Mar. 14, 2016 at 3:51 a.m. ET













Forcenergy Files Under Chapter 11


Mar. 23, 1999 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small Caps Reverse Loss
As Nasdaq Continues Rise


Jan. 12, 1999 at 12:32 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small Caps
Trail Market


Aug. 11, 1998 at 12:16 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small-Cap Stocks Slip; 
Nasdaq Gains on Techs


Mar. 24, 1998 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Small-Capitalization Stocks Fall;
Great Plains IPO Price Doubles


Jun. 20, 1997 at 6:23 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'
Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

Jul. 5, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says
MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly
The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

Jun. 2, 2017 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield
Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

May. 30, 2017 at 9:51 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs
Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs

Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%


Apr. 3, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode


Mar. 30, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields


Mar. 8, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry


Mar. 2, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming


Feb. 25, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Performance Review Of Another 8 High Dividend MLP CEFs: All Eligible For One's Tax-Free Accounts And No K-1


Feb. 22, 2017 at 8:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





My Income Investments Are Tilted Towards Rising Interest Rates And Growth


Feb. 20, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early


Feb. 9, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge


Feb. 9, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-Yield MLPs Grow And Distribute Cash No Matter Price Of Crude Oil


Jan. 26, 2017 at 4:09 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table


Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-Yield Midstream MLPs Perform Well During Periods Of Rising Interest Rates And Inflation


Jan. 18, 2017 at 5:55 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share

Jul. 10, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for FEI, 
      FEN, FIF and FPL


Apr. 21, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Jan. 10, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share


Oct. 11, 2016 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





KKR and Venado Form Partnership to Pursue Oil and Gas Investments in 
      Eagle Ford Shale


Sep. 29, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Call for FEN, 
      FIF and FEI


Sep. 22, 2016 at 4:13 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SAM

3.62%








AMPH

2.96%








FNF

3.82%








KALU

-0.11%








SYK

-0.82%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













 First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund
 FEN


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






Morningstar MLP Composite TR USD





Morningstar MLP Composite TR USD



MPT Benchmark


MSCI ACWI NR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


Alerian MLP TR USD





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


Morningstar MLP Composite TR USD







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Energy Limited Partnership


Energy Limited Partnership


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation FEN


Asset Distribution


 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 02/28/2017








Cash
2.71
0.11
2.60
0.00
-5.52






US Stock
86.65
—
86.55
100.00
99.69






Non US Stock
10.85
—
10.85
0.00
5.05






Bond
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
-0.29






Other
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
1.07








 
 


 















Style Details FEN






              Market Capitalization 
           






 Size
% of Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg







Giant
6.95
0.00
1.98





Large
33.24
24.06
20.03





Medium
44.82
60.00
52.07





Small
13.34
15.94
24.29





Micro
1.65
0.00
1.64







Size of Holdings








Fund
Benchmark
Category Avg









                      Average Market Cap (mil)
                      


                      12,796.85
                  

                      12,187.15
                  

                      10,126.46
                  







                      Total Equity Portfolio Market Value (mil)

                     	23.14
                  

                     	19.22
                  

                     	12.92
                  








            Value & Growth Measures
          







Stock Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of 02/28/2017*Forward-looking based on historical dataStyle and Market Cap Breakdown and Value and Growth Measures are calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.







Price/Prospective Earnings*
18.13
20.68
22.68





Price/Book*
2.02
1.37
1.41





Price/Sales*
2.33
1.48
1.76





Price/Cash Flow*
8.29
8.33
7.24





Long-Term Earnings %
7.02
8.79
6.09





Historical Earnings %
-5.06
-0.29
-4.83





Sales Growth %
-16.99
-18.81
-27.68





Cash-Flow Growth %
-4.32
-4.55
-7.61





Book-Value Growth %
2.80
1.80
5.93







 


Ownership Zone




 

Weighted Average of holdings75% of fund's stock holdings


 

Holdings Style





Portfolio Weight%

> 50%
25–50%
10–25%
0–10%




                            Investment Style History
                        







Year
Style
% Equity




*As of 02/28/2017Style Box Detail calculations do not include the fund's short positions (if any).







2017*

97.50



2016

98.53



2015

99.41



2014

99.11



2013

100.16













Sector Weightings FEN


















% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight










Cyclical
















Basic Materials
3.61
0.54
0.66








Consumer Cyclical
0.00
0.00
0.09








Financial Services
0.00
0.00
0.00









Real Estate
0.63
0.00
0.07












Sensitive
















Communication Services
0.00
0.00
0.00








Energy
79.10
95.39
94.81








Industrials
0.00
0.00
1.98









Technology
0.00
0.00
0.00











Defensive
















Consumer Defensive
0.00
0.00
0.00








Healthcare
0.00
0.00
0.00









Utilities
16.66
4.07
2.39








As of 02/28/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Take a 14-day free trial.
See Country Level Detail.


World Regions FEN









% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of  02/28/2017Region breakdown data is calculated by using the long position holdings of the portfolio equity part only.







Americas
98.38
100.00
98.61





North America
98.38
100.00
98.00





Latin America
0.00
0.00
0.61





Greater Europe
1.62
0.00
1.04





United Kingdom
1.62
0.00
0.65





Europe Developed
0.00
0.00
0.39





Europe Emerging
0.00
0.00
0.00





Africa/Middle East
0.00
0.00
0.00





Greater Asia
0.00
0.00
0.35





Japan
0.00
0.00
0.00





Australasia
0.00
0.00
0.35





Asia Developed
0.00
0.00
0.00





Asia Emerging
0.00
0.00
0.00








Market Classification








% Developed Markets
100.00
100.00
99.39





% Emerging Markets
0.00
0.00
0.61







 


Greater Asia
Americas
Greater Europe








	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 


  FEN Quote - First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund   FEN:US   NYSE MKT LLC        25.30USD   0.82   3.14%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   25.80    Day Range   25.25 - 25.80    Previous Close   26.12    52Wk Range   23.15 - 28.48    1 Yr Return   8.57%    YTD Return   1.74%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   25.80    Day Range   25.25 - 25.80    Volume   61,400    Previous Close   26.12    52Wk Range   23.15 - 28.48    1 Yr Return   9.79%    YTD Return   1.74%    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   24.53000069    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/21/2017)   480.737    Inception Date   06/24/2004    Premium/Discount   3.14%    Average 52-Week Premium   2.22%    Fund Managers   JAMES JARVIS MURCHIE "JIM" / EVA PAO    Last Dividend (on 07/21/2017)   0.58    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   9.17%    Expense Ratio   1.47%    3 Mo Return   -5.16%    3 Yr Return   -3.48%    5 Yr Return   2.77%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        EPD:US   Enterprise Products Partners L    3.16 m 88.52 m 11.17      MMP:US   Magellan Midstream Partners LP    775.25 k 60.09 m 7.58      PAA:US   Plains All American Pipeline L    1.62 m 52.09 m 6.57      SEP:US   Spectra Energy Partners LP    1.03 m 45.97 m 5.80      EEP:US   Enbridge Energy Partners LP    2.40 m 43.35 m 5.47      OKS:US   ONEOK Partners LP    717.04 k 37.56 m 4.74      TCP:US   TC PipeLines LP    572.83 k 34.98 m 4.41      HEP:US   Holly Energy Partners LP    927.75 k 33.32 m 4.20      TRP:US   TransCanada Corp    668.57 k 30.75 m 3.88      EQM:US   EQT Midstream Partners LP    384.70 k 30.32 m 3.82           Profile   First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund is a newly organized, non-diversified, closed-end investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to seek a high level of after-tax total return. The Fund invests 85% of its managed assets in securities of energy companies.    Address  First Trust Portfolios LP120 E. Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187   Phone  1-630-765-8000   Website   www.ftportfolios.com              

First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. It is co-managed by Energy Income Partners, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the energy sector, including companies in the business of transporting, processing, storing, distributing, or marketing natural gas, natural gas liquids (including propane), crude oil, refined petroleum products, coal or electricity, or exploring, developing, managing or producing such commodities or products, or in supplying energy-related products and services. The fund primarily invests in gro...
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. It is co-managed by Energy Income Partners, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the energy sector, including companies in the business of transporting, processing, storing, distributing, or marketing natural gas, natural gas liquids (including propane), crude oil, refined petroleum products, coal or electricity, or exploring, developing, managing or producing such commodities or products, or in supplying energy-related products and services. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of companies, energy sector MLPs, and MLP-related entities. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis, focusing on such factors as debt to cash flows, coverage ratios, incentive structure, management team, track record of distribution, and dividend growth to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, Barclays Capital U.S. Credit Index of Corporate Bonds, Alerian MLP Total Return Index, Wells Fargo Midstream MLP Total Return Index, and composite index comprised of 50% Alerian MLP Total Return Index and 50% Wells Fargo Midstream MLP Total Return Index. It was formerly known as Energy Income & Growth Fund. First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund was formed on March 25, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


120 East Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 630-765-8000

Fax: 630-765-8610

www.ftportfolios.com/retail/cef/CEFsummary.aspx?Ticker=FEN







Key Executives for First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund




Mr. Mark Raymond Bradley


      	Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. James M. Dykas


      	Senior Vice President and Controller 
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. William Scott Jardine Esq.


      	Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Kristi A. Maher


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Daniel Joel Lindquist CFA


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Key Developments

First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Regularly Quarterly Distribution, Payable on July 31, 2017
Jul 10 17
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund declared a regularly quarterly distribution of USD 0.58 per share. The distribution will be payable on July 31, 2017, to shareholders of record as of July 25, 2017. The ex-dividend date is expected to be July 21, 2017.


First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Regular Quarterly Distribution, Payable on April 28, 2017
Apr 10 17
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund has declared the Fund’s regularly scheduled quarterly distribution of $0.58 per share. The distribution will be payable on April 28, 2017, to shareholders of record as of April 25, 2017. The ex-dividend date is expected to be April 21, 2017.


First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund, Annual General Meeting, Apr 24, 2017
Mar 9 17
First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund, Annual General Meeting, Apr 24, 2017, at 16:00 Central Standard Time. Location: 120 East Liberty Drive, Suite 400 Wheaton, Il 60187 United States Agenda: To elect one Trustee (the Class I Trustee) of each Fund; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund, please visit www.ftportfolios.com/retail/cef/CEFsummary.aspx?Ticker=FEN.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    FEN Key Statistics - First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund

                  NYSE MKT: FEN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


FEN

/quotes/zigman/9122678/composite


$
25.30




Change

-0.24
-0.94%

Volume
Volume 61,400
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/9122678/composite
Previous close

$
			25.54
		


$
				25.30
			
Change

-0.24
-0.94%





Day low
Day high
$25.25
$25.80










52 week low
52 week high

            $23.15
        

            $28.48
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. James Allen Bowen 
61
2004
Chairman



Mr. James M. Dykas 
50
2005
CFO, Treasurer & Chief Accounting Officer



Mr. Donald P. Swade 
44
2016
Treasurer, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer



Ms. Kristi A. Maher 
50
2004
Chief Compliance Officer & Assistant Secretary



Mr. Daniel Joel Lindquist 
46
2005
Vice President





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/fen

      MarketWatch News on FEN
    




 Frenkel Topping 2015 pretax profit falls 18%
3:50 a.m. March 14, 2016
 - MarketWatch.com









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/fen

      Other News on FEN
    





Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

7:30 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

10:57 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

11:15 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

9:51 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs

6:25 p.m. April 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%

7:59 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode

11:43 a.m. March 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields

11:50 a.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry

4:30 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%

1:19 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming

8:30 a.m. Feb. 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Performance Review Of Another 8 High Dividend MLP CEFs: All Eligible For One's Tax-Free Accounts And No K-1

9:28 a.m. Feb. 22, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





My Income Investments Are Tilted Towards Rising Interest Rates And Growth

11:13 a.m. Feb. 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early

12:10 p.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge

11:21 a.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized

9:00 a.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





High-Yield MLPs Grow And Distribute Cash No Matter Price Of Crude Oil

5:09 p.m. Jan. 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table

9:00 a.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning

9:00 a.m. Jan. 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





High-Yield Midstream MLPs Perform Well During Periods Of Rising Interest Rates And Inflation

6:55 p.m. Jan. 18, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund
120 East Liberty Drive
Suite 400

Wheaton, Illinois 60187




Phone
1 6307658000


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for FEN











/news/pressrelease/company/us/fen

      Press Releases on FEN
    




 First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
4:23 p.m. July 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Update for FEI, 
      FEN, FIF and FPL
4:14 p.m. April 21, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares its Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
4:13 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
5:13 p.m. Jan. 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund Declares Quarterly 
      Distribution of $0.58 Per Share
4:14 p.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 KKR and Venado Form Partnership to Pursue Oil and Gas Investments in 
      Eagle Ford Shale
7:00 a.m. Sept. 29, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Call for FEN, 
      FIF and FEI
4:13 p.m. Sept. 22, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:20 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund (PRGIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Growth & Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRGIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.36
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.39%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$25.13
							
							-
							
								$30.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$1,793.18

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Growth & Income Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks long-term capital growth and current income primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.01%
				
			

				
					10.01%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.63%
				
			

				
					14.63%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.12%
				
			

				
					7.12%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.94%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.94%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 21, 1982
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                













Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Global Income Builder NextShares  



EVGBC
Symbol



$22.31
$-0.01


Net Asset ValueJul 21, 2017



$22.31
$0.02


Closing PriceJul 21, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund invests in common stocks, income instruments, preferred stocks and hybrid securities around the globe that the portfolio managers believe may provide attractive levels of income. For its investments in common stocks, the managers may also seek t o invest in securities they believe have the potential to grow income and/or provide capital appreciation over time.



The Approach
Fund managers employ a bottom-up, research driven process to identify what they believe are attractive global securities up and down the capital structure. Management endeavors to invest in income producing instruments, coupled with investments in common  stocks that may have the potential for growth of income and capital appreciation over time. Overall asset allocation decisions are made collectively by the portfolio managers.



The Features
The global, multi-asset class approach may provide diversification benefits as management seeks to uncover opportunities across an array of income producing securities and common stock. A flexible mandate with broad discretion (within the specified inves tment ranges) to allocate across investment instruments may help navigate the challenges that face traditional sources of income.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
03/30/2016


Investment Objective
Total return


Total Net Assets2
$15.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$380.7M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
700000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


CUSIP
27830G863







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alphabet Inc - CL C



Johnson & Johnson



Wells Fargo & Co



Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc



Interpublic Group of Cos Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Facebook Inc



Chubb Ltd



CDW Corp/DE



Melrose Industries PLC



Total
11.14







Portfolio Management




 
Christopher M. Dyer, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Michael A. Allison, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


John H. Croft, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Jeffrey D. Mueller


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


MSCI World Index1
9.04
-40.71
29.99
11.76
-5.54
15.83
26.68
4.94
-0.87
7.51





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


Inception
03/30/2016


Distribution Frequency
Monthly







Yield Information8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Distribution Rate at NAV
5.44%


Subsidized SEC 30-day Yield
2.19%


Unsubsidized SEC 30-day Yield
1.66%







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 20, 2017
$22.32
$0.05


Jul 19, 2017
$22.27
$0.07


Jul 18, 2017
$22.20
$0.03


Jul 17, 2017
$22.17
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$22.17
$0.10


Jul 13, 2017
$22.07
$0.05


Jul 12, 2017
$22.02
$0.10


Jul 11, 2017
$21.92
$0.00


Jul 10, 2017
$21.92
$0.01


Jul 07, 2017
$21.91
$0.03







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Jul 03, 2017
$0.10000


Jun 01, 2017
$0.10000


May 01, 2017
$0.10000


Apr 03, 2017
$0.05000


Mar 01, 2017
$0.05550


Feb 01, 2017
$0.04110


Jan 03, 2017
$0.09020


Dec 01, 2016
$0.07070


Nov 01, 2016
$0.04690


Oct 03, 2016
$0.04440





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus






Capital Gain History9






Ex-Date
Short-Term
Long-Term


 



No records in this table indicates that there has not been a capital gain greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. SEC 30-day yield is a standardized measure based on the estimated yield to maturity of a fund's investments over a 30-day period and is based on the maximum offer price at the date specified. The SEC 30-day yield is not based on the distributions made by  the fund, which may differ. Subsidized yield reflects the effect of fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Distribution Rate at NAV is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV. The Fund's monthly distribution may  be comprised of ordinary income, net realized capital gains and returns of capital.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 20, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$22.29
+$0.02
+0.09%


Closing NAV
$22.32
+$0.05
+0.22%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV-$0.03




Low
NAV-$0.03




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV-$0.03




Closing
NAV-$0.03




Trading Volume (Shares)
24,700









Trading History11Inception through Jul 20, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 19, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 18, 2017




$0.00
$0.08


Jul 17, 2017
-$0.04
-$0.04
-$0.04
-$0.04
$0.00
$0.08


Jul 14, 2017




$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 20, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%



1%


 +0.26% to +0.50%
2%
2%
0%
16%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
94%
94%
100%
83%


-0.26% to -0.50%
5%
5%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7,13,14,15as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Foreign Common Stocks
30.83


U.S. Common Stocks
27.39


U.S. Corporate Bonds
19.44


Foreign Corporate Bonds
11.05


Cash
4.55


Floating-Rate Loans
3.37


Preferred Stock
3.30


Convertible Bond
0.08


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$101.8B


Price/Earnings Ratio
17.57


Number of Holdings
506


Number of Equity Holdings
141


Price/Book Ratio
2.39


Average Coupon
6.43%


Average Maturity
9.87 yrs.


Average Duration
1.25 yrs.


Average Price
$105.04







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,16as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
MSCI World Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
14.47
12.32


Consumer Staples
7.91
9.67


Energy
7.97
6.04


Financials
20.00
18.01


Health Care
10.29
12.55


Industrials
12.28
11.51


Information Technology
11.67
15.65


Materials
4.33
4.90


Real Estate
3.29
3.21


Telecom Services
1.93
2.95


Utilities
5.86
3.19







Credit Quality (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
BBB
9.85


BB
37.69


B
42.70


CCC or Lower
6.33


Not Rated
3.42


Total
100.00





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.






Maturity Distribution (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Less Than 1 Year
0.00


1 To 3 Years
4.88


3 To 5 Years
16.05


5 To 10 Years
64.48


10 To 20 Years
1.50


20 To 30 Years
0.52


More Than 30 Years
12.57


Total
100.00







Assets by Country (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
United States
52.86


United Kingdom
9.08


France
5.52


Japan
4.25


Spain
3.67


Canada
3.54


Netherlands
2.59


Germany
1.84


Denmark
1.60


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00





View All








Geographic Mix (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
North America
56.40


Europe
31.80


Asia/Pacific
6.68


Latin America/Caribbean
0.57


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00







Portfolio Holdings6,7,19as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
US Dollars
2.22%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
1.81%


EV Cash Reserves Fund LLC
1.33%


Facebook Inc
0.94%


Deutsche Telekom AG
0.89%


Newell Brands Inc
0.87%


Amazon.com Inc
0.87%


Visa Inc
0.83%


Melrose Industries PLC
0.82%


Apple Inc
0.82%





View All








Basket Details20Jul 24, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees21,22,23Jul 24, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. A delay in transaction settlement may result in a negative cash position.
14. Preferred stocks include both U.S. and foreign securities.
15. The Fund may obtain exposure to certain market segments through investments in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) and futures. For purposes of the asset breakdowns, allocations with respect to the Fund's investments in ETFs and futures are based on the underly ing portfolio composition of each ETF and future as of the calendar quarter end.
16. Percent of equity holdings.
17. Percent of bond holdings.
18. Percent of total net assets.
19. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
20. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
21. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
22. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
23. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Christopher M. Dyer, CFA
Vice President, Director of Global Equity, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Christopher Dyer is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and director of global equity. He is responsible for building and leading a global equity investment team, and managing global and international equity portfolios. He  joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Chris began his career in the financial services industry in 2001. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was managing director and head of European equity for Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), where he was affiliated since 2001.
Chris earned a B.S., cum laude, from Georgetown University and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S. Georgetown University
M.B.A. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Michael A. Allison, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2000


Michael Allison is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, a director of equity strategy implementation and a structured equity portfolio manager on a number of Eaton Vance’s global and domestic equity income and tax-managed equity portfolios.  On those funds, he is responsible for portfolio construction, tax oversight and risk management. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2000.
Mike began his career in the investment management industry in 1988. Before joining Eaton Vance, Mike was an equity analyst for Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. He was also affiliated with Fleet Investment Advisors and Phoenix Home Life  Mutual Fund Insurance Co.
Mike earned a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S.B.A., The University of Denver


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


John H. Croft, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2004


John Croft is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s diversified fixed-income team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the firm’s diversified  fixed-income strategies. He joined Eaton Vance in 2004.
John began his career in the investment management industry in 1986. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a credit analyst with Fidelity Management & Research Co.
John earned a B.A. from Colgate University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.A. Colgate University
M.B.A. Booth School of Business, University of Chicago


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Jeffrey D. Mueller
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Jeffrey Mueller is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and a global portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s high-yield team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the  firm's high-yield strategies. He leads investment management and credit research for all non-U.S. high-yield opportunities. He joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Jeff began his career in the investment management industry in 2004. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a high-yield portfolio manager with Threadneedle Asset Management. He was previously affiliated with Centaurus Capital Ltd. and Amaranth Advisors LLC.
Jeff earned a B.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He was named in Financial News’ high-profile "Rising Stars in Asset Management" list in 2016, which highlights the top 40 investment management professionals in Europe unde r the age of 40.


Education

B.B.A. University of Wisconsin at Madison


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 13, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVGBCGlobal Income Builder NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 21, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016  







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares











































                        Introducing
                    




                            NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.    
                    








■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.













■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.












                                Overview















                                How do the costs of NextShares compare?
                            

















Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 






    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.








    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.







Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 










                                Learn how











                                How can NextShares potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions?












Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.





Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4







Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.



Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4








                                Learn how















                                How do NextSharesinvest?















Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital





    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.







    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.






Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital








                                Learn how











                                How do I buy and sell NextShares?
                            














    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.











Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    










    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.









Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    








                                Learn how














                                What kinds of investors
                                are NextShares designed for?
                            





























NextShares are designed for investors who seek:

■
        Professional, active portfolio management
■
        Long-term investments
■
        The potential for better performance through structurally lower costs
■
        The potential for lower capital gains taxes

NextShares are not suitable for frequent traders.

    Bottom line: NextShares have wide investor appeal.



        Comparing NextShares to mutual funds and ETFs
    


 
            PDF Download
        









                                Learn more







 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 









 



Stock NextShares (EVSTC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Stock NextShares  



EVSTC
Symbol



$24.85
$0.01


Net Asset ValueJul 21, 2017



$24.85
$0.04


Closing PriceJul 21, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund leverages the skill, experience and knowledge of Eaton Vance's equity research organization. Charlie Gaffney oversees the investment process – assembling some of the equity analysts best research ideas in one fund.



The Approach
The investment approach is grounded in hands-on fundamental research, which involves finding companies with consistent earnings growth and leading business franchises. We believe these companies may offer more consistency of returns over the long haul. S ector diversification is achieved by allocating assets across sectors represented in the S&P 500 Index.



The Features
Provides investors with a foundation of research-driven investments picked by an experienced research staff. Style-neutral framework including both value and growth investments can help lessen exposure to the value/growth cycle over time. Stock selection  and active industry allocation decisions generally serve as the primary driver of the Fund's comparative performance.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
02/25/2016


Investment Objective
Long-term capital appreciation


Total Net Assets2
$13.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$628.1M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
550000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


CUSIP
27830G608







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Apple Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Alphabet Inc - CL C



Wells Fargo & Co



Chubb Ltd



Facebook Inc



Verizon Communications Inc



Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc



First American Financial Corp



FedEx Corp



Total
24.87







Portfolio Management




 
Charles Gaffney


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


S&P 500 Index1
5.49
-37.00
26.46
15.06
2.11
16.00
32.39
13.69
1.38
11.96





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


Inception
02/25/2016


Distribution Frequency
Annually







Risk Measures (3 Year)8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alpha (%)
-0.73


Beta
0.94


R-Squared (%)
95.18


Standard Deviation (%)
9.92


Sharpe Ratio
0.80







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 20, 2017
$24.84
-$0.01


Jul 19, 2017
$24.85
$0.17


Jul 18, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 17, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$24.68
$0.11


Jul 13, 2017
$24.57
$0.07


Jul 12, 2017
$24.50
$0.16


Jul 11, 2017
$24.34
-$0.03


Jul 10, 2017
$24.37
$0.03


Jul 07, 2017
$24.34
$0.17







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Dec 13, 2016
$0.12820





No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. Alpha measures risk-adjusted performance, showing excess return delivered at the same risk level as the benchmark. Beta measures the volatility of a fund relative to the overall market. R-Squared represents the percentage of the portfolio's movement that  can be explained by the general movement of the market. Standard deviation measures the historic volatility of a fund. Sharpe Ratio uses standard deviation and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 20, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$24.81
-$0.04
-0.16%


Closing NAV
$24.84
-$0.01
-0.04%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV-$0.03




Low
NAV-$0.03




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV-$0.03




Closing
NAV-$0.03




Trading Volume (Shares)
24,900









Trading History11Inception through Jul 20, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 19, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 18, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 17, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 14, 2017




$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 20, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%






 +0.26% to +0.50%



3%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
98%
98%
100%
97%


-0.26% to -0.50%
2%
2%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
U.S. Common Stocks
95.60


Foreign Common Stocks
4.39


Cash
0.02


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$137.4B


Price/Earnings Ratio
18.09


Number of Holdings
81


Price/Book Ratio
2.84







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
S&P 500 Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
12.41
12.27


Consumer Staples
9.27
9.05


Energy
5.90
6.01


Financials
14.49
14.55


Health Care
14.41
14.51


Industrials
10.14
10.28


Information Technology
22.18
22.26


Materials
2.96
2.85


Real Estate
2.84
2.93


Telecom Services
2.21
2.14


Utilities
3.19
3.16


Cash
0.02
—







Portfolio Holdings6,7,13as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
Apple Inc
4.89%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
3.10%


Johnson & Johnson
2.72%


JPMorgan Chase & Co
2.69%


Facebook Inc
2.36%


Wells Fargo & Co
2.35%


Chubb Ltd
2.30%


Verizon Communications Inc
2.22%


Amazon.com Inc
1.99%


First American Financial Corp
1.99%





View All








Basket Details14Jul 24, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees15,16,17Jul 24, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
14. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
15. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
16. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
17. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Charles Gaffney
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2003


Charles Gaffney is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s global core team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for a number of the firm’s global  core equity strategies. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2003.
Charlie began his career in the investment management industry in 1996. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was affiliated with Brown Brothers Harriman as a sector portfolio manager and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as a senior equity analyst.
Charlie earned a B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1995 and an MBA from Fordham University in 2002.


Education

B.A. Bowdoin College
M.B.A. Graduate School of Business, Fordham University


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: May 10, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVSTCStock NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 21, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Full ProspectusMay 1, 2017SAIMay 1, 2017Summary ProspectusMay 1, 2017NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016

Newsworthy

Eaton Vance to Ring Nasdaq Opening Bell to Mark Launch of First NextShares FundFeb 29, 2016 

 







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Stock NextShares (EVSTC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Resources






































Resources



        Literature and More
      


White papers


            “Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds”
          

Download


 


            “Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Products at Age Seven”
          

Download




Brochure


            NextShares: Unleash the active.
          

Download


Commentary


Choosing the simplicity of NextShares


Download







        Video Library
      



The next evolution of fund investing™



 
NextShares are the first funds to combine the benefits of exchange trading with the potential for market-beating returns using proprietary active management.


What are NextShares?





NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.





Designed for active management





NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.


Are NextShares right for you?




NextShares have wide appeal for long-term investors.





How do I buy and sell NextShares?




 
NextShares are bought and sold on an exchange through a brokerage account, much like exchange-listed stocks and ETFs.






Everything you always wanted to know about NextShares*
*BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK


NextShares are new. And somewhat different. But new and different doesn't have to mean complicated or confusing. These questions and answers are intended to help potential users of NextShares get up to speed on this exciting investment product.

NextShares at a glance
NextShares terms and phrases
Comparing NextShares to ETFs
Comparing NextShares to mutual funds
Comparing NextShares to closed-end funds
Buying and selling NextShares
Creations and redemptions
Investor information
Owning NextShares
Master-feeder structure
Special considerations and risks
Regulation
Tax treatment
Competition
Intellectual property
Transparency
Misperceptions and myths





        Regulatory and Technical Documents
      


NextShares Regulatory Documents

            NextShares-related SEC filings and approvals.
          


Portfolio-Protected Active ETF Regulatory Documents

            SEC filings and related documents.
          


Issued U.S. Patents

            Issued patents underpinning NextShares.
          


NASDAQ Updates and Specifications

            Summaries of changes to trading protocols, feeds and services, with links to detailed specifications.
          






 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Resources
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 








 













NextShares.com - News









































News

Articles
|
Events











6/9/2017
Ignites

Featured News









NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.







 



Media Inquiries

Robyn Tice
Vice President
                                        Director of Media Relations
                                        rtice@nextshares.com
617-672-8940














Filter





Date Range:
FROM

TO

Apply dates


Type:


Clear








No results were found. Please try a wider date range, additional sources, or additional formats.
                    





6/9/2017
Ignites




NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.






2/7/2017
ETF Advisor




Gabelli Funds Launches Food of All Nations NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced that Gabelli Food of All Nations NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on February 14, 2017.






12/15/2016
Business Wire




Causeway Capital Management to Introduce NextShares
“Causeway is a trusted investment manager and we’re proud to begin partnering with them,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions.






11/30/2016
Nationwide




Nationwide Funds to Introduce NextShares
“We're proud to add Nationwide Funds as a NextShares partner,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions. “We're pleased to expand the distribution of NextShares to Nationwide Funds investors.”






11/29/2016
Business Wire




Gabelli Funds Launches Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced today that Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December 1, 2016.






10/31/2016
Business Wire




Interactive Brokers Group Announces the Availability of Eaton Vance NextShares™ with No Transaction Fees
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., announced today the availability of Eaton Vance NextSharesTM exchange-traded managed funds through its investing and trading platforms on a no-transaction fee (NTF) basis.






10/21/2016
Ignites




Ivy First Licensee to Go Live With NextShares
Ivy Investments launched three strategies using the NextShares exchange-traded managed fund structure, becoming the first licensee of the Eaton Vance affiliate to launch any of the products.






10/18/2016
Business Wire




Ivy Launches its First Three NextShares™
Ivy Investment Management Company today introduced its first three Ivy NextShares as part of a planned lineup of NextShares exchange-traded managed funds. Ivy is among the first to offer the new structure.






8/25/2016
Forbes




NextShares Targets Lower Fund Fees
Julie Cooling from RIA Channel, interviews Jonathan Isaac, Managing Director of Product Strategy at NextShares. Cooling and Isaac discuss the launch of one of the most innovative financial platforms of our time.






7/27/2016
STRUCTUREDRETAILPRODUCTS.COM




UBS Beefs up ETF offering in the US via partnership with Eaton Vance subsidiary
The $910 billion Boston-based institutional investment consultant is working with the global asset manager to identify new NextShares™ exchange-traded managed fund (NextShares) sub-advisers.






7/18/2016
Press Release




NEPC Engaged by Eaton Vance for NextShares™ Sub-Adviser Search







7/13/2016
Ignites




UBS First Wirehouse to Ink Eaton Vance NextShares Deal
Eaton Vance signed an agreement with UBS Wealth Management to distribute NextShares through its financial advisor network. The distributor is the first wirehouse to accommodate the new investment wrapper on its platform.






7/13/2016
Press Release




UBS Plans to Offer NextShares Exchange-Traded Managed Funds







5/18/2016
Fund Action




Early Adopters of NextShares Set To Benefit
“There’s an economic advantage in terms of pricing,” Stephen Clarke, president of Eaton Vance subsidiary NextShares Solutions, told FA.






5/13/2016
Ignites




NextShares Inks Second Distribution Deal
Interactive Brokers Group said Thursday that it plans to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to retail investors and financial pros through its platforms, making it the second distributor through which the products can be sold.






4/20/2016
Ignites




Ivy Funds Preps NextShares for Launch
Ivy Funds is lining up to be the first third-party manager to launch NextShares non-transparent exchange-traded products. NextShares is an Eaton Vance subsidiary.






4/20/2016
Press Release




Ivy NextShares to Launch Late Summer 2016
Ivy NextShares, managed by Ivy Investment Management Company, a subsidiary of Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., has filed a registration statement with the Securities & Exchange Commission to register three Ivy NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (NextShares).






3/29/2016
ETF Express




Eaton Vance to launch two additional NextShares funds
Eaton Vance Corp is to launch two additional NextShares exchange-traded managed funds, the Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (:EVGBC) and Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).






3/4/2016
ThinkAdvisor.com




Neither ETF Nor Mutual Fund, Behold the Exchange-Traded Managed Fund
Eaton Vance launched NextShares in late February; other investment advisors have pending deals for their own exchange-traded managed fund.






3/3/2016
Ignites




Eaton Vance CEO: NextShares Launch to Create Domino Effect
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust is counting on the recent launch of NextShares to build momentum for the non-transparent exchange-traded products.






3/1/2016
Press Release




Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC Scheduled to Present at Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference
Eaton Vance Corp. (NYSE: EV) announced that Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC, is scheduled to speak at the Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference on Thursday, March 3, 2016.






2/29/2016
Nasdaq




Eaton Vance Stock NextShares Rings the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell
Eaton Vance, a leading global asset manager whose history dates to 1924, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square in celebration of launching Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (Nasdaq:EVSTC).






2/25/2016
ETF.com




Eaton Vance’s NextShares Finally Debuts
Exchange-traded managed funds—the new structure patented by Eaton Vance that falls somewhere between an ETF and an open-ended mutual fund—are coming to market.






2/25/2016
Ignites




On Verge of NextShares Launch, Eaton Vance Preaches Patience
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust had a single message for NextShares skeptics during Wednesday’s earnings call: Have patience.






1/15/2016
Mutual Fund Wire




Don't Call Them ETMFs
When it comes to the new type of funds that Eaton Vance is creating, call them NextShares or exchange-traded managed funds but don't use the abbreviation.






11/25/2015
Ignites




B-Ds Want NextShares 'Proof'; 2016 Could Deliver It
Eaton Vance’s plans to launch the first swath of NextShares this year may be off the table, but officials are hoping a successful 2016 debut will convince distributors and asset managers to set aside their reservations and make the products a priority.






10/19/2015
Pensions & Investments




Managers finding new ETF niches to stake their claims
Over the past several months, U.S. money managers traditionally associated with active portfolio management for both retail and institutional clients have made their exchange-traded fund aspirations more pronounced.






10/1/2015
ThinkAdvisor




New Providers in U.S. ETF Space Set Record: ETFGI
Asset managers are tripping over themselves to get into the U.S. exchange-traded funds and products space, according to a report released Thursday by ETFGI, a London-based research and consultancy firm.






9/29/2015
Ignites




Columbia Threadneedle Plots Multi-Front ETF Expansion
Columbia Threadneedle plans to build on its small lineup of active ETFs with both index-based strategies and non-transparent exchanged-traded managed funds.






9/28/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Columbia Management Seeks Permission to Launch NextShares, Index ETFs
Columbia Management Investment Advisers LLC, a Boston subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial Inc., is seeking permission from regulators to launch a version of exchange-traded managed funds, a new breed of fund planned by Eaton Vance Corp.






9/9/2015
ETF Express




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
ALPS has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC (Navigate), a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (ETMFs).






9/9/2015
Investment News




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
NextShares, the new fund structure from Eaton Vance Corp. designed to reduce the costs of active management, has won its first broker-dealer partner. Two investing platforms managed by Foliofn Investments Inc. will offer the funds to financial advisers and other investors.






9/9/2015
Ignites




NextShares Touts First B-D Distribution Deal
Eaton Vance has found a broker-dealer to allow its brokerage and RIA custody clients to buy and sell NextShares exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Online Brokerage Folio Investing to Offer NextShares
Online brokerage services Folio Investing and Folio Institutional plan to offer a new type of fund created by a unit of Eaton Vance Corp. that may start trading later this year.






9/8/2015
Press Release




ALPS Announces Initiative to Launch NextShares
ALPS, a DST Company providing products and services to the financial services industry, today announced it has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC, a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
Press Release




Folio Announces Plans to Offer NextShares
Folio Investing and Folio Institutional, leading online brokerage services for individual investors, financial advisors, institutions and their clients, today announced plans to be the first broker-dealer to offer NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds directly to individual investors, advisors and institutions.






8/19/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Envestnet Plans to Offer NextShares
“Envestnet’s decision may make it easier for other companies to step forward to offer the exchange-traded managed funds.” - CEO Tom Faust






8/18/2015
Press Release




Envestnet Announces Initiative to Offer NextShares
Envestnet, Inc. today announced plans to make NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds available to financial advisors through the Envestnet wealth management platform as part of its advisor-as-portfolio-manager tools as well as through Fund Strategist Portfolios (FSPs).






8/3/2015
WealthManagement.com




Ten to Watch 2016: Stephen Clarke
Stephen Clarke is among the 10 influencers and innovators expected to impact the advisory industry in 2016.






6/29/2015
Institutional Investor




Eaton Vance's NextShares: The Best of Two Worlds?
Tom Faust, CEO of Eaton Vance, is credited with launching NextShares, a new exchange-traded product that he hopes will help active money managers stem the tide of money flowing into cheaper index funds.






5/20/2015
Financial Times




NextShares in Financial Times: ETF model puts active managers to the test
The SEC has cleared a new vehicle developed by Eaton Vance. It will carry the brand name NextShares, and might just be the biggest innovation for the investment industry since the ETF 25 years ago.






5/7/2015
Boston Business Journal




Pioneer Investments offers NextShares in Boston Business Journal: Eaton Vance's new product could revolutionize
“Having big ambitions and tremendous respect for the value added of this structure, I would like to have more fund companies signed up.” - CEO Tom Faust






4/14/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Tom Faust on NextShares Developments
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes and delivers active strategies more efficiently.






4/14/2015
Ignites




Eaton Vance Cuts Costs, Preserves Margins With NextShares
“Lower costs relative to active mutual funds is a key selling point to advisors.”






4/1/2015
Ignites




Victory Capital Signs Up for NextShares
Victory Capital Management is the latest firm to sign with Eaton Vance to develop and launch NextShares.






3/10/2015
Traders Magazine




Eaton Vance NextShares Carves Out a New Space
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jason Crosby said, “We are working through the operational requirements to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to our clients when available.”






3/8/2015
Investment News




 Seeing through the ETF argument in favor of transparency
Transparency promotes marketplace competition, supports better investor decision-making and exposes suspect market practices.






3/5/2015
The New York Times




Eaton Vance Charts Exchange-Traded Future
“We are changing the social contract with mutual fund investors. This really can be transformational.” - CEO Tom Faust






2/4/2015
Mutual Fund Wire




Active Fundsters Hear ETFs Calling, Even During the Price War
Active managers American Beacon and Gabelli Funds sign up for NextShares.






1/5/2015
Ignites




Executives Who Got the Job Done in 2014
“When this [idea] came up it was apparent it could be a game-changer. NextShares have the potential to broadly improve the performance and tax efficiency of active fund strategies …” - Navigate CEO Stephen Clarke






12/3/2014
Press Release




Availability of New White Paper Examining Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds and Their Impact on Fund Performance 
NextShares have the ability to sidestep significant fund costs, asset custody charges and the cost of portfolio trades to implement managers’ buy and sell decisions.






11/7/2014
Bloomberg




Eaton Vance Invented a New Flavor of Mutual Fund
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes, and delivers active strategies more efficiently.

























 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage  
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - News
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 










  









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.

















































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











International Growth Fund (OIGYX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




























International Equity



International Growth Fund


1





The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.





CLASS A: OIGAX                CUSIP: 68380L100


CLASS B: IGRWX                CUSIP: 68380L209


CLASS C: OIGCX                CUSIP: 68380L308


CLASS I: OIGIX                CUSIP: 68380L605


CLASS R: OIGNX                CUSIP: 68380L506


CLASS Y: OIGYX                CUSIP: 68380L407













Print




Morningstar Overall Rating








Rated 4 stars by Morningstar among
324 funds in the Foreign Large Growth
Category for the 3-, 5-, and 10- year periods ended 6/30/17,
based on risk-adjusted performance.















CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.


Expand



Close











CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.
Investors assume the middle class is shrinking. But Africa is a strong market for beverage producers and Asian consumers are helping luxury brands thrive.


THE REALITY
Investments that focus on rising mass affluence will benefit as half the world’s population becomes middle class by 2025.

Learn more about Challenge the Index

















Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Standard Investment Chartered Inc
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Product Positioning



Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 9/7/05

126%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



International Equity



International Growth Fund


1






 Y 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%



With Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
0.89%
Net Expense Ratio:

2


3


 
0.89%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























International Growth Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00

























Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/21/17

















































 
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



B









International Growth Fund
–
30.18
12.93
-41.22
38.44
15.35
-7.32
22.10
25.46
-6.99
3.44
-2.06

18.14




MSCI AC World ex USA


4




16.62


26.65


16.65


-45.53


41.45


11.15


-13.71


16.83


15.29


-3.87


-5.66


4.50

—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/21/17)



B





18.14%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



B





18.14%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



B





18.14%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/21/17)



B





18.14%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%







Gross Expense Ratio





0.89%





NAV



C







as of 7/21/17


$40.97







The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Issuers


5



06/30/17










Infineon Technologies AG

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegraph & Telephone

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp Ltd.

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group AG

1.5%










Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB 

1.4%








CCL Industries, Inc.

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Industries NV

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc. 

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuit...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A.

1.2%











×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








Country 5



Region 5



Sector 5



Industry 5



Asset Allocation 5



Market Cap 6












18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium









Developed Markets 5



Emerging Markets 5












76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa











22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small




















Morningstar










as of 6/30/17






(based on risk adjusted performance)






Overall Rating








Number of Funds
324


Category
Foreign Large Growth








Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
1.42%


Beta
0.91



R-Squared



83.79



Sharpe Ratio



0.21



Standard Deviation



12.40%



Sortino Ratio




0.09



Information Ratio




0.26







Equity Style



D

















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$25.8 BN














Morningstar Analyst Rating


7






as of 6/28/2017












Portfolio Statistics










as of 6/30/17








Avg Market Cap (weighted)
32.6 BN


Median Market Cap (weighted)
16.1 BN


P/E (next 12 months)
18.19


P/E Operating (LTM)
22.83


Price/Book Value (LTM)
3.38



Turnover Ratio



9.00%





Investment Minimums





Initial



$1,000





Dividends

($ per share)




E









Est Frequency
Annual


Last Pay Date
12/14/16


Per Share ($)
0.4648


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.4648






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Issuers


5



06/30/17











Infineon Techno...

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegrap...

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp L...

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group A...

1.5%









Next







Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB ...

1.4%








CCL Industries,...

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Indust...

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc....

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Henne...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A...

1.2%









Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
Developed Markets
Emerging Markets
Sector
Industry
Asset Allocation
Market Cap








18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium










76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa










22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small














×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large





















Management















George R. Evans, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/96
















Robert Dunphy, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/12










Investment Approach

The portfolio managers invest in well-established foreign businesses that appear likely to grow at a faster pace than world GDP and may benefit from four distinctive global themes that we call MANTRA®: Mass Affluence, New Technology, Restructuring and Aging. Within this framework, the portfolio managers rely on fundamental analysis to search for various types of quality growth companies with sustainable competitive advantages and above industry revenue growth.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Global Equity Risk Management
We construct diversified portfolios with a bottom-up approach to stock selection, regardless of index orientation. Individual position sizes reflect our confidence in a stock’s risk/reward profile and our understanding of industry dynamics. Sector, industry and country weightings are residuals of our bottom-up stock selection process. Portfolio Managers continuously monitor all holdings to assess any developments that may affect investment theses. An independent Risk Management team also monitors the portfolios, including active security, industry and sector weights, projected volatility and tracking error, exposure to unintended factor bets, and liquidity risk.
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm’s Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes and political and economic uncertainties.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Product Positioning













Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights












International Equity
The Latest on Oppenheimer International Growth Fund

July 18, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Robert Dunphy
Portfolio Manager



Quarterly performance and portfolio positioning for Oppenheimer International Growth Fund.











International Equity
International Equities: Poised to Climb?

June 01, 2017



A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.











International Equity
10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities

June 01, 2017



Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.











International Equity
An Innovative Approach to Investing in Developing Markets

May 23, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans, CIO Equities, explains why the traditional approach to developing markets is outdated.











GrowthSpotting
An Investment Perspective on the French Election

April 21, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Alice Fricke
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



The election's long-term impact on French portfolio holdings should be limited.











International Equity
The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe

April 13, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Europe's innovative companies and brand leaders make for a long-term opportunity.











International Equity
Q&A: The Road Ahead for International Equities

March 30, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Equities CIO George Evans answers questions on the outlook for international equities.











GrowthSpotting
GrowthSpotting: Profitable Long-Term Trends






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains how we cut through market noise to explore profitable, long-term trends.











Equities
Megatrends — Benefiting from Structural Tailwinds

August 03, 2016



We identify four structural tailwinds that provide exciting investment opportunities.











International Equity
Why Active Management Is Key to International Investing

January 31, 2017



Foreign large growth funds have historically outperformed the index with less risk.  











International Equity
In a World of Opportunity, Why Limit Your Choice?





Underexposure to foreign stocks may translate into missed opportunities. Learn why.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.












International Equity
Our Approach to International Growth Investing






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains the themes that help him select international growth stocks.











Loading...



×











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


3. 
For Share Classes with less than a one-year track record, expense ratios are estimated based on the Manager's projections of those expenses for the coming fiscal year.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


6. 
Holdings are subject to change, are dollar-weighted based on assets, and may not reflect the use of leverage in the Fund. Market Cap breakdown is calculated using Morningstar's methodology and those capitalization standards may not align with those in the Fund’s prospectus.


7. 
The Morningstar Analyst Rating is not a credit or risk rating but a subjective evaluation performed by the analysts of Morningstar, Inc. (Mstar). Mstar evaluates funds based on five key pillars (process, performance, people, parent and price). Mstar's analysts use this evaluation to identify funds they believe are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis. Analysts consider quantitative and qualitative factors and the weightings of each pillar may vary. The Analyst Rating reflects overall assessment and is overseen by Morningstar's Analyst Rating Committee. The analyst rating scale is five-tiered, with three positive ratings (Gold, Silver, Bronze), a Neutral rating and a Negative rating, with Gold being the highest rating and Negative being the lowest rating. The Mstar Analyst Ratings should not be used as the sole basis in evaluating a mutual fund and are based on Mstar's current expectations about future events. Mstar does not represent ratings as a guarantee.  Analyst Ratings involve unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause Mstar's expectations not to occur or to differ significantly.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


C. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩


D. 
OppenheimerFunds' equity style box is based on the portfolio's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by OFI.
↩


E. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )










	GEX - VanEck Vectors Global Alternative Energy ETF | Snapshot | Equity ETF- VanEck











Menu



Contact
































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        
































Home » VanEck Vectors ETFs » Equity ETFs » GEX - VanEck Vectors Global Alternative Energy ETF
















            Ticker:-
            GEX;false;AGIXL;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            ETFEQ_HA;false;;
        











                Videos


Oil Supplies Will Tighten (12:39)Shawn Reynolds


Metals Miners Positioned for Strong 2017 (7:44)Charl Malan


























Related ETFs


KWT

VanEck Vectors Solar Energy ETF



NLR

VanEck Vectors Uranium+Nuclear Energy ETF



FRAK

VanEck Vectors Unconventional Oil & Gas ETF



HAP

VanEck Vectors Natural Resources ETF
















 

How to Purchase

Learn more 


















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now






            Financial Professionals






                            Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                        

                            LOGIN
                        


                                email address/username
                            






                                password
                            







New? Register Here


Forgot Password






































Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious







GEX
VanEck Vectors Global Alternative Energy ETF
















Fund Description
VanEck Vectors® Global Alternative Energy ETF (GEX®) seeks to replicate as closely as possible, before fees and expenses, the price and yield performance of the Ardour Global IndexSM Extra Liquid (AGIXLT), which is intended to track the overall performance of companies involved in the business of alternative energy. Alternative energy includes power derived principally from bio-fuels (such as ethanol), bio mass, wind, solar, hydro and geothermal sources, and also includes various technologies that support the production, use and storage of these sources.














   Fund TickerGEXExchangeNYSE ArcaCommencement05/03/2007ETF StructurePhysicalAdministratorVan Eck AssociatesCustodianBank of New York MellonIndex TickerAGIXLTIndex RebalancingQuarterly














 as of 07/21/1730-Day SEC Yield10.47%Total Net Assets$81.6MNumber of Holdings31OptionsAvailableGross Expense Ratio20.64%Net Expense Ratio/TER20.62%Distribution FrequencyAnnualNext Distribution Date12/15/2017






























GEX Fact Sheet 


Summary Prospectus 


Management Team 

















 

Key Points

One-Trade Access to the Global Alternative Energy SectorDynamic industry driven by the growing need for alternative fuel sourcesPure Play with Global ScopeIndex constituents must be principally engaged in the alternative energy industryFocused on Renewable Energy Index is concentrated in companies whose technologies are involved with solar power, bio energy, wind power, hydro power and geothermal energy
        















 


        Trading Information
      


Fund Ticker
GEX


Index Total Return Ticker
AGIXLT


NAV
GEXNV


Intraday NAV (IIV)4
GEXIV


Shares Outstanding
1,333,298


Estimated Cash
GEXEU


Total Cash
GEXTC


CUSIP
92189F502


ISIN
US92189F5026


Source: Bloomberg















Fees and Expenses2Management Fee0.50%Other Expenses0.14%Gross Expense Ratio0.64%Fee Waivers andExpense Reimbursement-0.02%Net Expense Ratio/TER20.62%2Expenses for GEX are capped contractually at 0.62% until at least May 1, 2018. Cap excludes certain expenses, such as interest.





















                                    Prices
                                    as of 07/21/17











                                                                NAV/Last Price
                                                            

                                                                Volume30-Day Avg./Last Trading Day
                                                            

                                                                Daily Change NAV/ Last Price
                                                            

                                                                YTD ChangeNAV/ Last Price
                                                            

                                                                Premium/ Discount
                                                            

                                                                Prem/DiscountDistribution Charts
                                                            

                                                                NAV & Prem/Discount History
                                                            

                                                                NAVChart
                                                            



GEX


$61.19$61.31
                                                            

                                                                8,980  3,441
                                                            

 -$0.34 / -0.55%   $-0.18 / -0.29%
                                                            

                                                                +20.89%+21.45%


                                                                $0.120.19%
                                                            


 Select
Last 5yr
Last 1yr
2017-Q2
2017-Q1
2016-Q4
2016-Q3
2016-Q2
2016-Q1
2015-Q4
2015-Q3
2015-Q2
2015-Q1
2014-Q4
2014-Q3
2014-Q2
2014-Q1
2013-Q4
2013-Q3
2013-Q2
2013-Q1
2012-Q4
2012-Q3
2012-Q2
2012-Q1
2011-Q4
2011-Q3
2011-Q2
2011-Q1
2010-Q4
2010-Q3
2010-Q2
2010-Q1
2009-Q4
2009-Q3
2009-Q2
2009-Q1
2008-Q4
2008-Q3
2008-Q2
2008-Q1
2007-Q4
2007-Q3





























View All IndicesView All ETFsPerformance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)Month End as of 06/30/17Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE05/03/07GEX (NAV)1.438.0617.5621.31-2.3615.34-6.42-5.63GEX (Share Price)2.438.4018.5622.94-2.1515.63-6.43-5.58AGIXLT (Index)1.448.3017.6821.65-2.4714.89-6.86-5.98Performance Differential (NAV - Index)-0.01-0.24-0.12-0.340.110.450.440.35Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE05/03/07GEX (NAV)1.438.0617.5621.31-2.3615.34-6.42-5.63GEX (Share Price)2.438.4018.5622.94-2.1515.63-6.43-5.58AGIXLT (Index)1.448.3017.6821.65-2.4714.89-6.86-5.98Performance Differential (NAV - Index)-0.01-0.24-0.12-0.340.110.450.440.35*Returns less than one year are not annualized.The table presents past performance which is no guarantee of future results and which may be lower or higher than current performance. Returns reflect temporary contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements. Had the ETF incurred all expenses and fees, investment returns would have been reduced. Investment returns and ETF share values will fluctuate so that investors' shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. ETF returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV.The "Net Asset Value" (NAV) of a VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) is determined at the close of each business day, and represents the dollar value of one share of the fund; it is calculated by taking the total assets of the fund, subtracting total liabilities, and dividing by the total number of shares outstanding. The NAV is not necessarily the same as the ETF 's intraday trading value. VanEck Vectors ETF investors should not expect to buy or sell shares at NAV.














Daily HoldingsTop 10 Holdings (%)  as of 06/30/17Total Holdings:
              31Holding NameTickerSharesMarket Value(US$)% of NetAssetsEaton Corp PlcETN US106,1518,261,73210.41Vestas Wind Systems A/SVWS DC87,5378,075,07910.18Tesla IncTSLA US21,6527,829,5809.87Gamesa Corp Tecnologica SaGAM SM269,0615,748,6467.24Nibe Industrier AbNIBEB SS410,0493,868,7124.88EnersysENS US51,9873,766,4584.75First Solar IncFSLR US93,4083,725,1114.69Kurita Water Industries Ltd6370 JP129,3043,540,6134.46Cree IncCREE US116,5952,874,0673.62China Longyuan Power Group Corp Ltd916 HK3,718,0002,704,5623.41Top 10 Total (%)63.51These are not recommendations to buy or to sell any security. Securities and holdings may vary.














Country Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17Country% of Net Assets■UNITED STATES54.98■DENMARK10.18■GERMANY8.40■CHINA7.53■JAPAN5.58■SWEDEN4.88■CANADA2.64■PORTUGAL2.30■BRAZIL1.57■AUSTRIA1.17■FRANCE0.82■Other/Cash-0.04














Sector Weightings (%) as of 06/30/17Sector% of Net Assets■Industrials51.5■Information Technology24.4■Utilities11.6■Consumer Discretionary9.9■Energy2.7■Other/Cash0.0


























×













savingpanda



  









    

























Results For: “GROWTH INCOME FUNDS”

Sponsored Links









1.

Best Laptop Deals
Check out the best deals on Laptops


 prestodeals.com                                        














2.

Auto Accessories Online
Good quality accessories at affordable prices


 prestodeals.com                                        














3.

Best Price Appliances
Choose Compare and Shop best appliances


 prestodeals.com                                        













Are you looking for "growth income funds" ? Look no further!
Millions of products, their features, prices, and reviews are compared daily by our Comparison engine to help you save precious hours, money, and we help you do this easily from the comfort of your own home, and also provide you with the information you need.
See "growth income funds" on SavingPanda.



Related Searches

Buy Stocks OnlineFixed Income InvestmentsTop Dividend StocksBest Dividend Stocks 





Refine Search












Step by Step Dividend Investing: A Beginner's Guide to the Best Dividend Stocks ...
Stop Playing the Stock Market Game with the Only Stock Investment to Consistently Beat the Market Over the 15 years through 2014, stocks in the S&P 500 lost money a third of the time with investors losing an average of 16% when the market tumbled. Even...
$6.99




Physical Therapy Career & Salary Guide: Avoid the Income Ceiling & Put Your Care...
No matter where you are in your career, this book can help you gain insight into what it takes to earn a top salary as a physical therapist. You’ll learn about avenues you can take in standard practice or in therapy-supporting industries that can...
$19.95




The Guide to Income Protection for Medical Residents, Fellows & New Practicing P...
In this book, written specifically for medical residents, fellows & new practicing physicians, discover: How to keep your “money machine” running, even if you’re disabled and can no longer practice medicine. What you need to know about the most common...
$5.38




Supplementing Your Income with Medical Records File Reviews and IME's: A Guide f...
This book pays for itself… Physicians and Psychologists: This is your little black book for success in reviews and independent medical examinations (IME’s). The book is a huge directory of over 365 potential referral sources (more than there are days...
$99.95




To establish The National Dividend Plan by reforming the budget process, and by ...
The BiblioGov Project is an effort to expand awareness of the public documents and records of the U.S. Government via print publications. In broadening the public understanding of government and its work, an enlightened democracy can grow and prosper....
$14.18




Dividend investing a quick beginner guide: dividend growth investing, dividend s...
Dividend investing : a quick beginner guide This book contains proven steps and strategies on how to get started quickly on the path of dividend investing and ready to hit the ground running. Dividend Investing is an investing approach where money is...
$5.99




Dividend Investing: The smart investors guide to creating passive income and fin...
Dividend investing may seem like a difficult thing to understand, but once you have an idea of how it works, you can do better with it. You can make sure that you are getting the most out of your dividend investments by following the advice that is...
$13.38




Dividend investing guide: How to create passive income with dividend stocks the ...
The only book you have to read about dividends investing Dividends are, especially for private investors, a great opportunity the create a automatic money machine with stocks. But although the dividend strategy seems easy to implement at first, you...
$6.99




Demographic Dividends: Emerging Challenges and Policy Implications (Demographic ...
This book examines potential economic opportunities that countries can experience when fertility rates fall and the average life expectancy of the working age population increases. It presents detailed demographic and economic analysis of middle-income...
$75.47




Stock market 3 in 1 book bundle:: (day trading for beginner, dividend investing ...
Book 1 Day trading In this eBook, I am going to present you all the information you need to possess if you plan to get into this business. My focus will be on showing you what are the day trading basics, as well as all the things you definitely need to...
$7.99




Dividend Investing For Beginners: Make Passive Income With Dividend Yeilding Sto...
Modern world presents us with a lot of opportunities to invest in financial markets without leaving your home. With a simple push of your keyboard you can buy and sell securities. It is great! However, modern world has experienced a lot of “financial...
$6.99




sponsored links







Best Laptop Deals
Check out the best deals on Laptops

prestodeals.com








Auto Accessories Online
Good quality accessories at affordable prices

prestodeals.com








Best Price Appliances
Choose Compare and Shop best appliances

prestodeals.com








Cool Computer Accessories
Shop variety computer accessories online

prestodeals.com






Showing 1-11 of 250 results1  |  2  |  3  |      Next »  









Filter By




PriceClear

Price range:








Shipping Clear


Free




Brand Clear


Show all



CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform                    



Guide Gear                    



Banana Republic                    



0                    



Prime Line Products                    



Saucony                    







from our blog





Get the Best for Less – Comparison Shopping
We have all been there; bought a product only to realize it was cheaper somewhere else...






Which are the Best Mobile Shopping Apps
Phones and shopping. There’s no better combination than this...






Shopping Malls of Tomorrow
Many of us think the idea of a mall is outdated considering the internet taking over our lives...






Shopping Can Be Good for Your Health
It has finally be proved what we knew to be true – shopping is good for you!...






Intorverts Guide to Shopping
Even if you hate shopping, it doesn’t have to be as painful as you might think...






























American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds







































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































