

First Trust Dividend and Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:53 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of First Trust Dividend and Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of October 24, 2016, First Trust Dividend and Income Fund was acquired by First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI - First Trust High Income ETF. First Trust Dividend and Income Fund is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. The fund is co-managed by Chartwell Investment Partners. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The equity portion of the fund invests in stocks of companies operating across the diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund invests in common stocks, preferred securities, convertible securities, ADRs, including Americ...
As of October 24, 2016, First Trust Dividend and Income Fund was acquired by First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI - First Trust High Income ETF. First Trust Dividend and Income Fund is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. The fund is co-managed by Chartwell Investment Partners. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The equity portion of the fund invests in stocks of companies operating across the diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund invests in common stocks, preferred securities, convertible securities, ADRs, including American Depositary Shares, EDRs, GDRs, and warrants, all of which will generally trade on a registered U.S. national securities exchange. It also invests in senior loans and debt securities that are rated below investment grade. The fund employs a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, the Russell 1000 Value Index, and the DJ Select Dividend Index. The fund was formerly known as First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund. First Trust Dividend and Income Fund was formed on September 20, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


120 East Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 630-765-8000

Fax: 630-765-8610








Key Executives for First Trust Dividend and Income Fund


First Trust Dividend and Income Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



First Trust Dividend and Income Fund Key Developments

First Trust Dividend and Income Fund Files Form N-8F
Oct 31 16
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund has announced that it has filed a Form N-8F with the Securities and Exchange Commission to deregister the fund under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended due to merger. First Trust High Income ETF is the fund surviving the merger.


First Trust Dividend and Income Fund Declares Final Distribution, Payable on October 21, 2016
Oct 11 16
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund declared its final distribution of $0.17 per share payable on October 21, 2016, to shareholders of record as of October 18, 2016. The ex-dividend date is expected to be October 14, 2016.


First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Oct 03, 2016
Oct 3 16
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Oct 03, 2016. Agenda: To approve the fund's merger with and into First Trust High Income ETF.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact First Trust Dividend and Income Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 





	First Trust - www.FTPortfolios.com










































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts













 





First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (FAV) 




*** This fund has been reorganized into FTHI ***














 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.




















First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity Income Fund Declares Its Monthly Common Share Distribution Of $0.075 Per Share For July - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity Income Fund Declares Its Monthly Common Share Distribution Of $0.075 Per Share For July






Business Wire




Jun 20, 2017 5:27 PM EDT













 


















































  First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAM) has declared the Fund's regularly scheduled monthly common share distribution in the amount of $0.075 per share payable on July 17, 2017, to shareholders of record as of July 6, 2017. The ex-dividend date is expected to be July 3, 2017. The monthly distribution information for the Fund appears below.      First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity Income Fund (FAM):           Distribution per share:     $0.075     Distribution Rate based on the June 19, 2017 NAV of $12.83:     7.01%     Distribution Rate based on the June 19, 2017 closing market price of $12.12:     7.43%      This distribution will consist of net investment income earned by the Fund and may also consist of return of capital and/or realized capital gains. The final determination of the source and tax status of all distributions paid in 2017 will be made after the end of 2017 and will be provided on Form 1099-DIV.  The Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company that seeks to provide a high level of current income. As a secondary objective, the Fund seeks capital appreciation. The Fund pursues these investment objectives by investing in the world bond markets through a diversified portfolio of investment grade and below-investment grade government and corporate debt securities.  First Trust Advisors L.P., the Fund's investment advisor, along with its affiliate, First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately-held companies which provide a variety of investment services, including asset management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under management or supervision of approximately $107 billion as of May 31, 2017 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: FAM, FSD, CLI
FAM FSD CLI are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, July 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Jun 30, 2016 10:03 AM EDT
























Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Wednesday: FAM, ANAT, CGNX
FAM ANAT CGNX are going ex-dividend Wednesday, Wednesday, June 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

May 31, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: FAM, FSD, AMID
FAM FSD AMID are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, May 02, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Apr 29, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CIO, FAM, FPL
CIO FAM FPL are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, April 01, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Mar 31, 2016 10:00 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


3 Secrets Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit Ahead of Its Big Model 3 Party


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  FAV Quote - First Trust  Dividend and Income Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  First Trust  Dividend and Income Fund   FAV:US      Acquired   FAV:US was acquired by   USD                          


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    NAV (on 10/21/2016)   8.94    Total Assets (m USD) (on 10/21/2016)   73.840    Inception Date   09/20/2007    Premium/Discount   -0.78%    Average 52-Week Premium   -    Fund Managers   CHRISTIAN CAMERON BERTELSEN "C    Last Dividend (on 10/14/2016)   0.17    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   1.67%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        PFE:US   Pfizer Inc    95.00 k 3.31 m 4.32      GE:US   General Electric Co    97.00 k 3.03 m 3.96      JPM:US   JPMorgan Chase & Co    43.00 k 2.90 m 3.79      MRK:US   Merck & Co Inc    40.00 k 2.51 m 3.28      WFC:US   Wells Fargo & Co    49.00 k 2.49 m 3.25      INTC:US   Intel Corp    60.00 k 2.15 m 2.81      MSFT:US   Microsoft Corp    37.00 k 2.13 m 2.78      MDT:US   Medtronic PLC    22.30 k 1.94 m 2.53      PM:US   Philip Morris International In    19.00 k 1.90 m 2.48      CVX:US   Chevron Corp    18.00 k 1.81 m 2.36           Profile   The First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to seek high level of current income. It has a secondary objective of capital appreciation.    Address  First Trust Portfolios LP120 E. Liberty DriveSuite 400Wheaton, IL 60187   Phone  1-630-765-8000   Website   www.ftportfolios.com              


















First Trust Launches New Quality Income ETF - March 18, 2014 - Zacks.com























 




































 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top











First Trust Launches New Quality Income ETF


Zacks Equity Research
                March 18, 2014

QINC VYM HDV VIG SDY DVY 

Trades from
$1











 









Read MoreHide Full Article









The dividend ETF space continues to be a favorite among investors as evidenced by the incredible level of interest seen in many of the products in the space. In fact, many issuers have lined up with several new funds focused on income strategies in order to tap into this sentiment.
 
This trend continues with First Trust as the company has just launched a new fund focused on the high-yield dividend space – The First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC).  Below, we have highlighted the fund in greater detail (read: First Trust Launches 3 Innovative Income ETFs).
 QINC in Focus
 
The newly launched ETF seeks to track the performance of Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income Index, giving investors exposure to income producing equity securities. The index uses a special screening method to select stocks that pay an attractive dividend.
 
However, while selecting the stocks, the index carefully attempts to control the risks associated with investing in higher-yielding stocks. The benchmark uses several layers of risk control to minimize the probability of dividend cuts and the related underperformance.
 
This strategy keeps the total fund holdings to just 52. The individual stocks are quite well diversified as no single security forms more than 2.3% of the total fund assets. Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (2.29%), Sovran Self Storage, Inc. (2.22%) and Reynolds American Inc. (2.21%) are the top three holdings of the fund.
 
However, sector-wise, the fund is heavily concentrated in Financials (41%) and Utilities (23.73%), which together comprise more than 60% of the total fund assets. The fund charges 70 basis points as fees to investors.
 How could it fit in a portfolio?
 
The ETF could be well suited for income oriented investors seeking higher longer-term returns with low risk. The current period of low interest rates makes this dividend paying ETF quite attractive. Investors should note that high dividend paying stocks play a defensive role in a portfolio and helps to reduce overall volatility in uncertain times.
 
Dividends have accounted for more than 40% of total returns from the market over a long time horizon. Further, dividend payments are expected to continue to increase in 2014 as well as 2015, as most large U.S. companies continue to hold a record amount of cash and are in a position to increase payouts to shareholders.
 Competitors 
 
Though the dividend ETF space has quite a number of funds targeting this segment, Vanguard High Dividend Yield Index Fund (VYM  -  Free Report)	 and iShares High Dividend Equity Fund (HDV  -  Free Report)	 are some of the nearest rivals of this newly launched fund (read: 3 ETFs You Can Love Forever).
 
Both HDV and VYM seek to give exposure to companies that pay a relatively high dividend yield on a consistent basis. While VYM manages an asset base of $7.5 billion, HDV has amassed $3.4 billion since inception. Also, both the funds are cheaper than the newly launched fund. HDV charges 40 basis points a year, while VYM charges 10 basis points as fees.
 
However, if we consider the broad dividend space, Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG  -  Free Report)	 is the most prominent player in this space and has amassed $18.8 billion since its inception. The fund seeks to track the performance of stocks that have a history of increasing dividends over at least 10 consecutive years (read: Invest in Century-Old Companies with the New NYSE ETF).
 
Moreover, iShares Dow Jones Select Dividend Index Fund (DVY  -  Free Report)	 and SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY  -  Free Report)	 are the other two well-known players in this space.
 Bottom Line
 
Given the intense competition in this space, it might be a little difficult for QINC to gather assets initially. Moreover, the fund is a slightly expensive option in the dividend space, considering the fact that all of the above mentioned funds charge 40 basis points (or even less) as fees.
 
However, QINC’s unique screening method of choosing high-yielding stocks (and thereby avoiding the “high-yield trap”) might attract yield-hungry investors to this product. The fund considers the fact that simply investing in high-yield equities is not enough.
Thus, the fund uses several layers of risk control while choosing stocks. This is what makes the fund stand out among the rest, and it could allow this ETF to compete with others, assuming it can offer up a lower risk play on the dividend world (read: Best ETF Strategies for 2014).
 
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >>















In-Depth Zacks Research for the Tickers Above
Normally $25 each - click below to receive one report FREE:
FT-RBA QLTY INC (QINC) - free report >>VANGD-HI DV YLD (VYM) - free report >>ISHARS-CR HD (HDV) - free report >>VANGD-DIV APPRC (VIG) - free report >>SPDR-SP DIV ETF (SDY) - free report >>ISHARS-SEL DIV (DVY) - free report >>

















More from Zacks ETF News And Commentary







5 Best Stocks of the July ETF Winner








Why You Should Buy the Dip in Amazon Shares with ETFs








ETF Winners & Losers on IMF Growth Forecast








German Business Confidence Hits Record High: ETFs to Buy








›
‹





You May Like








Top Ranked Momentum Stocks to Buy for July 28th









Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for July 28th









Top Ranked Growth Stocks to Buy for July 28th









Top Ranked Value Stocks to Buy for July 28th








›
‹




 









Zacks' 7 Breakout Stocksfor July, 2017
Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Only
Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately.
For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.


  




Close This Panel X














 

Most Read








The Only Direction Cloud Companies Are Going Is Up



 




More Tech Earnings Reports



 




New Strong Buy Stocks for July 28th



 




AWS 7/28: Q2 GDP Lands at 2.6%, 1st Read



 




7/28: Are Investors Ready for 8:30am Friday?








›
‹



















 























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started














































First Trust Dividend and Income Fund - :FAV - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (FAV)
Follow




                                8.87
                            







Oct 21, 2016 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  8.90


Day Low/High

                                    8.82 /
                                    8.94


52 Wk Low/High

                                    7.19 /
                                    9.29
                                


Avg Volume 
24.80K











Exchange



Shares Outstanding
8.26M


Market Cap
73.26M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.25
                                            (2.80%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









First Trust Announces Completion Of First Trust Dividend And Income Fund's Merger Into First Trust High Income ETF, An Actively-Managed Exchange-Traded Fund











First Trust Announces Expected Closing Date Of First Trust Dividend And Income Fund's Merger Into First Trust High Income ETF, An Actively-Managed Exchange-Traded Fund

















First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Final Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today has declared its final distribution payable on October 21, 2016, to shareholders of record as of October 18, 2016.

Oct 11, 2016 4:15 PM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund (FAV) Declares Final Distribution
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared the dates for its final distribution, which will be payable on October 21, 2016, to shareholders of record as of October 18, 2016.

Oct 7, 2016 4:40 PM EDT













First Trust Announces Joint Shareholder Approval Of First Trust Dividend And Income Fund's Merger Into First Trust High Income ETF, An Actively-Managed Exchange-Traded Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Oct 3, 2016 5:36 PM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: FAV, FEN, BCO
FAV FEN BCO are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, July 22, 2016

Jul 21, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 7/22/16, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 7/29/16. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $9.28, this dividend works out to approximately 1.83%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 1.83% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 7/22/16.

Jul 20, 2016 10:07 AM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on July 29, 2016, to shareholders of record as of July 26, 2016.

Jul 11, 2016 4:18 PM EDT













Ex-Div Reminder for First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/22/16, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 4/29/16. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $8.82, this dividend works out to approximately 1.93%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 1.93% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 4/22/16.

Apr 20, 2016 9:57 AM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on April 29, 2016, to shareholders of record as of April 26, 2016.

Apr 11, 2016 8:54 PM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund's Board Approves Merger Into First Trust High Income ETF, An Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Mar 18, 2016 5:15 PM EDT









Keep an Open Mind on Closed-End Funds
Increase your odds of success by tracking what successful closed-end-fund investors are buying and selling.

Mar 10, 2016 3:00 PM EST













Bulldog is Bullish on Five Closed-End Funds
Bulldog Investors owns more than 8% of Nuveen Global Equity Income Fund and over 13% of the First Trust Dividend & Income Fund.

Jan 28, 2016 3:56 PM EST













Five Fabulous Closed-End Funds to Own Right Now
Investors seeking to profit from activism in the closed-end fund arena should jump into the Nuveen Global Equity Income Fund, said Rajeev Das, principal at Bulldog Investors.

Jan 28, 2016 2:22 PM EST













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: FAV, FEN, WSM
FAV FEN WSM are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, January 22, 2016

Jan 21, 2016 10:00 AM EST













First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 1/22/16, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 1/29/16. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $7.67, this dividend works out to approximately 2.22%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 2.22% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 1/22/16.

Jan 20, 2016 10:07 AM EST













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on January 29, 2016, to shareholders of record as of January 26, 2016.

Jan 11, 2016 4:22 PM EST













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FAV, GAIN, FEN
FAV GAIN FEN are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, October 22, 2015

Oct 21, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 10/22/15, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 10/30/15. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $8.36, this dividend works out to approximately 2.03%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 2.03% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 10/22/15.

Oct 20, 2015 10:07 AM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on October 30, 2015, to shareholders of record as of October 26, 2015.

Oct 8, 2015 4:15 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Share Repurchase Programs For Certain Closed-End Funds
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Sep 15, 2015 4:26 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Dividend And Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Jul 28, 2015 4:18 PM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FAV, BGX, FEN
FAV BGX FEN are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, July 22, 2015

Jul 21, 2015 10:03 AM EDT













First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 7/22/15, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 7/31/15. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $8.58, this dividend works out to approximately 1.98%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 1.98% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 7/22/15.

Jul 20, 2015 10:23 AM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on July 31, 2015, to shareholders of record as of July 24, 2015.

Jul 9, 2015 4:17 PM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: FAV, GOOD, SIR
FAV GOOD SIR are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, April 22, 2015

Apr 21, 2015 10:04 AM EDT













Ex-Div Reminder For First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund (FAV)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/22/15, First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.17, payable on 4/30/15. As a percentage of FAV's recent stock price of $8.95, this dividend works out to approximately 1.90%, so look for shares of First Trust Active Dividend Income Fund to trade 1.90% lower — all else being equal — when FAV shares open for trading on 4/22/15.

Apr 20, 2015 10:10 AM EDT













First Trust Dividend And Income Fund Declares Quarterly Distribution Of $0.17 Per Share
First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (the "Fund") (NYSE: FAV) today declared its regularly scheduled quarterly distribution payable on April 30, 2015, to shareholders of record as of April 24, 2015.

Apr 9, 2015 4:14 PM EDT













First Trust Advisors L.P. Announces Portfolio Manager Conference Call For First Trust Dividend And Income Fund
First Trust Advisors L.P.

Feb 4, 2015 4:28 PM EST













Thursday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: FAV, FEN, WSM
FAV FEN WSM are going ex-dividend Thursday, Thursday, January 22, 2015

Jan 21, 2015 10:00 AM EST



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

SeekingAlpha



The Activist Investor's Must Have CEF Portfolio

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 10/21/16: GP Strategies, Biocept, Genuine Parts

SeekingAlpha



First Trust Dividend and Income Fund declares $0.17 dividend

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 10/4/16: Endurance International, First Trust Dividend & Income Fund, Argos Therapeutics, GP Strategies

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 9/29/16: Central Securities, First Trust Dividend & Income Fund, Opko Health, Hyster Yale Materials Handling

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 9/26/16: Vishay Precision, Hyster Yale Materials Handling, First Trust Dividend & Income Fund, AC Convertible & Inc.

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 9/22/16: Immune Design, First Trust Dividend & Income Fund, Hyster Yale Materials Handling

SeekingAlpha



History Never Looks Like History When You Are Living Through It

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 8/24/16: PSX, SHLM, HRTG, VRAY

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 8/9/16: Ball, Gogo, Summer Infant, First Trust Dividend & Income Fund

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 8/5/16: FAV, DXPE, TXRH, CCBG

SeekingAlpha



Dividend Growth Is Not Ideal For The (Ultra) Small Investor

SeekingAlpha



First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (FAV) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for October 22, 2013

NASDAQ



First Trust Dividend and Income Fund (FAV) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 22, 2013

NASDAQ


































 











Trending


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X


3 Secrets Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit Ahead of Its Big Model 3 Party


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









