










 













 













 













 


    Richard Fischler | Creative Flavor Concepts Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 





richard-fischler | Creative Concepts










































GET IN TOUCH










MEET THE CFC TEAM
Expert. Committed. Driven. Passionate.




<< Back to Team Members




Richard Fischler
President and General Manager
Since founding Creative Flavors in 2005, Richard has put his extensive background in business strategy, client services, and sales planning to use every day. From his largest customer to the guy walking in off the street, Richard makes every project a priority and every client feel like a valued partner.





 




HomeAbout▼History and ValuesThe CC TeamTestimonialsAwardsServices▼Concept to MarketProduct FormulationQuality Assurance & TestingProduct CommercializationManufacturing CapabilitiesPackaging CapabilitiesConcept KitchenIngredients▼Functional IngredientsApplication ExpertiseFlavor SolutionsFlavor PortfolioBlogContact Us



 








 
A flavor for every taste – Orange County Register
















































  




































 

Newsletter Signup
E-edition
Subscribe + Subscriber Services
 















			A flavor for every taste		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 
 


Business



			A flavor for every taste		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)

 
						DOWN TO A SCIENCE: Richard Fischler, Creative Flavor Concepts’ general manager, measures flavor extract ingredients precisely.		

By Orange County RegisterJuly 2, 2006 at 11:00 pmIn the headquarters of Creative Flavor Concepts Inc. in Irvine, the scent of vanilla and chocolate infuse the office with a sweet, tantalizing aroma.
In the back room, hundreds of bottles dwell on three shelving units. In a corner, general manager Richard Fischler mixes the latest sample blend using thin, long medical droppers to add each liquid ingredient and ensure an exact measurement.
Since opening in May 2005, Creative Flavor has created more than 1,000 flavors ranging from raspberry lemonade to French toast. They have more than 50 strawberry flavors alone. The flavorings are used in products such as soups, nutrition bars and protein shakes.
The company is a subsidiary of Shank‘s Extracts Inc., a flavor and extract supplier in Pennsylvania. The creation of flavor samples and product sales take place in Creative Flavor’s Irvine office, while the Shank’s plant and a plant in Cincinnati, Ohio, handle manufacturing.
Fischler recently spoke with the Register about the company’s creations.
Q. Why did Shank’s Extracts establish Creative Flavor Concepts?
A.Shank’s is really well-known east of the Mississippi, but it does not have a big play on the West Coast. Creative Flavor gave the company a venue into the area and into a different segment of the market. Shank’s is a major extractor of vanilla, but vanilla is much more commoditized. Creative Flavor Concepts’ flavors are not a commodity. If you like our chocolate, you can’t just go out to a grocery store and buy it.
Q. What makes your product unique?
A.We are unique in that all of our products are kosher. We also offer organic-certified products. This is fast-growing (trend) in the food industry. Many are switching from natural to organic.


Q. What does being kosher- and organic-certified entail?
A.Our products are kosher-certified by the Orthodox Union. We submit our formula to them without measurements. They review them and say, “Yes, you can do that.” The process to make a product organic is more complicated. There are strictly defined organic standards that the product must meet to be certified. Every ingredient has tons of data sheets attached to it.
Q. What makes something a “natural” flavor?
A.Natural flavors come from products that occur in nature. For example, when we make a natural lemon flavor we are saying that all of the ingredients are natural to lemon – their source is lemon. Our focus is on natural, but (some) of our products are offered as (a combination of) natural and artificial.
Q. How long does it take to sell a flavor?
A.It can take nine to 18 months to sell a flavor. There is a lot of back and forth that goes on with clients to get the flavor right. Sometimes we work feverishly on a flavor and then a client may decide to drop the product. The sample flavor that we create can still be used for other clients, though.
Q. Are clients pretty specific in their flavor requests?
A. About 20 percent have specific requests. Other times they may just request strawberry. We have over 50 strawberry flavors so we have to ask if they want it to taste like jam or a ripe strawberry.
Q. What is your favorite flavor?
A.I like maples and caramels.
Contact the writer: 949-553-2959 or ysanchez@ocregister.com




Get the latest news delivered daily!
Subscribe



Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




Instagram




RSS






Most Popular




							Disneyland’s river rides and railroad open with new route to the public						





							Decomposing body found near on-ramp of 55 freeway in Santa Ana						





							Man whose crash started Riverside fire may be connected to Orange County fast-food robberies						





							OC Fair 2017: Try these 17 insanely tasty fair foods						





							UCI rescinds 500 admission offers; student leaders demand apology						





							Vehicle crashes into newly renovated 7-Eleven in Irvine the day before its re-opening						





							Notices posted at Tustin Civic Center tell homeless to clear out for interim library						





							Comic-Con 2017 cosplay photos: Who wore it best (or worst)?						





							Orange County restaurants shut down by health inspectors (July 22-28)						





							Disneyland Railroad engineers ‘ecstatic’ about new route as classic ride readies to reopen						





							5 teens taken to hospital after car runs into wall in Fullerton						





							Who are the homeless living in the shadow of the Big A? Here are 11 stories						















More in Opinion






 






			Unions flex muscles to kill teacher tenure reform bill		











 






			Mistreatment of Sessions reveals a lot about Trump		











 






			California redistricting panel an example for U.S.		











 






			How a U.S. Supreme Court case may help turn the tide for educational choice		
















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fischler Richard Dntst                                                                                                   - Riverhead                                         , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Riverhead



offices and Clinics of Dentists



Offices And Clinics Of Dentists



                            Fischler Richard Dntst
                                    



 





















F 


Fischler Richard Dntst                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



518 E MAIN ST RIVERHEAD, NY 11901
Get Directions



(631) 727-0103
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $217,190.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Dentists
 Contacts Richard Fischler                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fischler Richard Dntst                                                                                                   was founded in 2011, and is located at 518 E Main St in Riverhead. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Richard Fischler                                                                                                         at (631) 727-0103. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























About | Richard Fischler



























































Richard Fischler


President

            (412) 276-7006
rick@rafcpa.com

Over the years, we have found that a team approach can be an effective method to help clients who have a wide variety of needs as they maneuver through a complex financial-services world.We invite you to discover and experience the power of our services. We believe it has far-reaching benefits for our clients to get opinions from several sources with diverse backgrounds, education, and experience.No one strategy fits everyone, which is why every client gets our undivided attention—from planning to execution to follow-up. We take a proactive approach to helping you develop a strategy to address your financial goals and objectives, using the most efficient methods available.Recognizing that everyone encounters challenges along the way, we strive to anticipate and address those situations as they occur. We want to keep you on track toward a meaningful and purpose-driven financial future.We invite you to check out all the material on our website. If something prompts a question, please send us a quick email or call our office. We would enjoy speaking with you.








 



Have A Question?




Name 

Email 

Address
Question 




Thank you!
Oops!


 







































