












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Services | Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc Syracuse, NY 13202 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFinancial Planning Consultants near Syracuse, NYFiscal Advisors & Marketing IncServicesFiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc120 Walton St Ste 600, Syracuse, NY 13202(315) 752-0052View Business DetailsServicesMake an Appointment"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesMr. Visconti joined the Accounting Services Division of Fiscal Advisors & Marketing in 2006. He offers our clients services in: Final Cost Report preparation, Capital Fund Accounting, accounting oversight, general ledger accounting, single and multi year budget preparation, monthly and annual reporting filing for State Aid and debt service reporting on capital projects.PlanningFinancial PlanningPrior to joining Fiscal Advisors & Marketing, Inc. in 1980, he was employed by the Onondaga County Budget Office for a period of seven years. His responsibilities were involved in the debt management and financial planning for the County's capital program and oversight of department budgets primarily in the financial and public works areas.InvestmentBondsSend to PhoneFiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc120 Walton St Ste 600, Syracuse, NY 13202(315) 752-0052Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailFiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc120 Walton St Ste 600, Syracuse, NY 13202(315) 752-0052Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc                                                                                          - Syracuse                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Syracuse



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



120 WALTON ST STE 600 SYRACUSE, NY 13202
Get Directions



(315) 752-0051
www.fiscaladvisors.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 1967
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,230,625.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts John Shehadi                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc                                                                                          was founded in 1967. Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc                                                                                          specializes in Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Home » Fiscal Advisors & Marketing, Inc.

Home














Fiscal Advisors & Marketing, Inc.
Municipal Advisors to Local Governments







						Contact Us
					




Search

















Capital Project Administration for Water and Sewer Projects

Read More »








Debt Structuring and Issuance

Read More »








Capital Project Planning and Tax Impact Analysis

Read More »








State Aid Advisory Services For New York State School Districts

Read More »








Bus Financing

Read More »








Capital Project Accounting Services for New York State School Districts

Read More »











Proudly Serving New York State Municipalities and School Districts Since 1967
Fiscal Advisors & Marketing, Inc. ("FA") is a registered independent Municipal Advisory firm with seventeen professional consultants, twelve of which are Municipal Advisors, each skilled in various aspects of New York State local government and school district finance.  With offices throughout New York, we bring a team oriented approach offering creativity and experience so that the most effective and innovative solutions are employed to benefit you.








Bond & Notes Sales
Search current and past sales based on the following criteria:







Authority
City
County
Fire District
Other
Public Library Project
School District
Town
Village








Bond Anticipation Note
Budget Note
DASNY Refunding Revenue Bonds, 2015
DASNY Refunding Revenue Bonds, 2016
DASNY Revenue Bonds, Series 2015
DASNY Revenue Bonds, Series 2016
Deficiency Note
Energy Performance Contract
Fire District (Serial) Bonds
Fire District Refunding (Serial) Bonds
General Obligation (Serial) Bonds
General Obligation Refunding (Serial) Bonds
General Resolution Refunding (Serial) Bonds
General Water System Revenue Bonds
General Water System Revenue Refunding (Serial) Bonds
Installment Purchase Contract
Lease Appropriation Refunding Revenue Bonds
Lease Financing 
Lease Purchase Agreement
Public Improvement (Serial) Bonds
Public Improvement Refunding (Serial) Bonds
Qualified Energy Conservation Bond
Qualified Zone Academy Bond
Refunding Serial Bond
Revenue Anticipation Note
Revenue Bond
School District (Serial) Bonds
School District Public Library (Serial) Bonds, 2017
School District Refunding (Serial) Bonds
Serial Bond
Statutory Installment Bond
Tax Anticipation Note
Tax-Exempt Revenue Bonds, (Crandall Public Library Project) Series 2016
Water System Revenue Refunding Bonds








All Sale Amounts
< $1,000,000
$1,000,000 - $5,000,000
$5,000,000 - $10,000,000
$10,000,000 - $50,000,000
> $50,000,000

















Upcoming Sales Only














Join Our Mailing List










I am interested in:
New Issue Announcements




 




























Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc in Syracuse, NY 13202 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Syracuse
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc













Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





120 Walton st Ste 600 600 Ste Syracuse, New York 13202


(315) 752-0051
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc is located at the address 120 Walton st Ste 600 in Syracuse, New York 13202.  They can be contacted via phone at (315) 752-0051 for pricing, hours and directions.  Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc specializes in Equipment, Crime, Non-Profit.  Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Kelly  Lathan, Financial Advisor or  go to www.fiscaladvisors.comFiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc provides Payroll Services, Refund Anticipation Loans, Direct Deposit to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Government Securities
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Commercial Loans
, Personal Loans
, Industrial Policies
, Loans
, Real Estate Loans
, Credit Cards
, Self-Employed Policies
, Commodities



SERVICES


Data Processing
, Tax Refunds
, Retirement Services
, Online Services
, Financing Available
, Account Inquiries
, Payroll Services
, Term Life Insurance
, Direct Deposit
, Refund Anticipation Loans


 BRANDS


Peachtree
, The Hartford
, Metlife
, Microsoft
, Prudential


 SPECIALTIES


Non-Profit
, Equipment
, Stock
, Crime
, Construction
, Restaurants
, Vision
, Retirement Planning
, Accident
, Hospital Confinement Indemnity



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (315) 752-0051
Phone2: (315) 752-0052
Website: www.fiscaladvisors.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 15
Exact Sales Volume: 200-0000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Financial Planning
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


YANOW ROGER E


500 Plum St  Syracuse, New York 13204




GREEN & SEIFTER INVESTMENT ADVISERS PLLC


4326On Lincoln Ctr  Syracuse, New York 13202




NEWMAN LADD CAPITAL INCORPORATED


307 S Clinton St  Syracuse, New York 13202




Sterling Capital Management


104 Jamesville Rd Ste 6 Syracuse, New York 13214




RJR Associates Inc.


101 S. Salina st. Suite 750 Syracuse, New York 13202




Lipe & Dalton


109 S Warren st Ste 1107 Ste 1107 Syracuse, New York 13202





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Kelly  Lathan
FINANCIAL ADVISOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



John  Shehadi
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Keith  Korycinski
ANALYST
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Judy  Johnson
STATE AID ADVISOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Mary Jo Bella
FINANCIAL ADVISOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Mark S. Vislosky
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Christine  Crowley
FINANCIAL ADVISOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Joanne  Butler
DIRECTOR OF ACCOUNTING SERVICES
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Karen  Cannucciari
FINANCE EXECUTIVE
Phone: (315) 752-0052 
 



Natalie  Janecek
SENIOR ANALYST
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Michael  Shusda

Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Sue  Mcmaster

Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Ben  Maslona
CLIENT ADMINISTRATOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Joe  Butler
DIRECTOR OF ACCOUNTING SERVICES
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Mark  Colopy
FINANCIAL ADVISOR
Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



Mike  Visconti

Phone: (315) 752-0051 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












	Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc in Syracuse, NY






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit












































120 Walton St Ste 600, 
Syracuse, NY 13202

























Is this Your Company?




















You are now following Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc.





You are already following Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews








Hi, !


Thank you for visiting our Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc company page! We hope you find what you are looking for, please contact us if you have any questions.We strive for excellence and greatly value your feedback.Please take a moment to tell us about your experience with Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc.Thank you!


Review Us Now!












Fiscal Advisors & Marketing, Inc ( FA ) is the largest independent financial advisory firm in New York State with fifteen ( 13 ) full-time professional consultants. The FA professionals are members of the National Association of Independent Public Finance Advisors ( NAIPFA ), and are recognized as having met and passed codified professional standards and conduct in the public finance industry. FA has no affiliation with financial institutions. This enables FA to serve only in the best interest of the clients it represents, without any possible conflicts of interest. FA presently assisted over one thousand municipalities, school districts and public authorities through various financial services. Since its incorporation in 1967, FA is consistently ranked as one of the top ten firms nationally. FA maintains six offices across New York State. Our professionals are readily available to participate in work sessions, Public Hearings and Board Meetings on an as-needed basis. Our experienced professionals assure your financing will receive the utmost attention. FA has fostered an excellent reputation with all aspects of the market both as a member of NAIPFA and from the number of clients we represent. FA brings a sense of security to the banking and underwriting community. There is a high degree of trust in our judgments and opinions by the rating agencies and municipal bond insurers. Bond counsels are eager to work with FA, knowing that the process will be streamlined for them. FA provides its expertise and assistance to clients in many areas including: financial planning and budget forecasting, capital planning and financing, bond and note financing, impact analysis on taxpayers and users, feasibility studies, credit rating review and analysis, lease financings, refunding analysis, investments, arbitrage rebate and accounting services. FA provides additional services related to capital projects including reinvestment of borrowed proceeds, bookkeeping and completing school district aid forms and Final Cost Reports.  
Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc is committed to providing quality insurance services to folks looking for insurance in the Syracuse, NY area. With multiple agents licensed in NY, Fiscal Advisors & Marketing Inc advises its clients on many types of insurance, including

Business Insurance – including liability insurance, errors & omissions, workers compensation, commercial vehicle insurance and other specialty business insurance coverages.
Homeowners Insurance – for most folks, their home is their biggest investment, and insurance for their homestead is very important. Insurance agents can help with home protection coverages in and around Syracuse, NY like – fire insurance, flood protection, earthquake insurance, renters or condo insurance, and other specialty coverages that fall under the home insurance protection umbrella.
Auto Insurance – insurance of personal use of an automobile is mandatory in NY, and qualified agents can help folks understand and get the right coverage for auto liability, comprehensive, road side assistance for their your cars, trucks, RV’s, motorcycles and ATVs.
Contact us today by clicking the Email icon above! Our insurance advisors are happy to listen, help, and quote your insurance needs.










                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...





                Locations





										
    
    There are no locations.

									



                News Feed















            Please wait...













                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.





























Home - Advisor Products












































































.










ProductsWebsitesClient PortalsVideosBrandingPresentationsPre-Sales FAQNewslettersAboutLeadershipPartnersEnterpriseIntegrationsAlliancesThought LeadersBlogSupportClient LoginBack Office User ManualSign UpLoginHomeContactSearch






















Malware Alerts For Advisors
Read More






Ethical SEO For Advisors
Read More






Illustrating A Client's Risk Of Outliving Their Money
Read More






The Best Advisor Websites To Automate Client Engagement
Read More






Advisor Websites For Growing RIAs
Read More






Yes, Canned Content For Advisors Can Be Uncanned
Read More




 























Digital

				Customized Totally







Compliant

				FINRA-Reviewed Content







Thought Leadership

				Breaking News & Analysis







Integrated

				Portfolio, CRM, Planning




	 









	 



  Marketing dashboard

  Videos you can narrate weekly

  For fiduciaries, ensembles

  Edit all our content

  Assign tasks to clients



  Advisor websites

  Three new presentations monthly

  Widgets for advisor marketing

  WYSIWYG website editor

  Client portals



  Three email newsletters weekly

  Automate all content updates

  Totally customizeable

  Quarterly market summary report

  FINRA-reviewed content



  Social media content automation

  Breaking news content

  Secure client vault

  Perfomance reporting

  Search-engine friendly



	 

Collaborate with independent economist Fritz Meyer, MPT expert Dr Craig Israelsen, and tax and financial planning guru Robert Keebler, CPA/PFS. We give you a dashboard with Fritz, Craig, and Bob’s slides and transcripts of their three one-hour sessions monthly. So you can give these presentations to clients in webinars, seminars, meetings, blog entries, and social networking posts. Plus, you get an advisor website integrated with email newsletters, videos, scripts, articles, and social networking content. Aligned with best practices for fiduciaries, we integrate CRM, planning, performance reporting and other professional apps with a proprietary secure document vault.

	 














Financial Advisor Marketing Engine

A complete system designed to retain and grow a professional practice
 


Website Development
 
Search-Engine Friendly
 
Social Network Integration
 
FINRA-Reviewed Content
 
Advisor Software Integration
 


Email Campaigns
 
A Dashboard For RIA Marketing
 
Videos, Articles, Presentations 
 
RIA Compliance Tools
 
Client Portals
 

 

Learn More 








		 


 Store, distribute and receive client documents in our secure system

			 

 Integrated with portfolio, CRM, and planning apps

			 

 Client portal with workflows

			 

 Collaborate with families and other advisors


Learn More 



	 








Professional Products for FINANCIAL ADVISORS




					 


						Print

 Newsletters

						 

 Brochures

						 

 Stationery

						 

 Folders

						 

Learn More 






					 


						Creative

 Copywriting

						 

 SEO Copywriting

						 

 Design

						 

 Logos

						 

Learn More 






	 




We WORK With


 
 



















Request A FREE Consultation












Company Info


333 Jericho Tpke
Suite 333
Jericho, NY 11753
Phone: (888) 274-5755
Direct: (516) 333-0066
info@advisorproducts.com





Find Out More




What We Do

FAQs

Partnerships

Contact

Blog

Editorial Board







Follow Us


YouTube
Linkedln
Twitter
Facebook





Enewsletter Sign Up



















Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms and Conditions

© 2017 Advisor Products Inc. All Rights Reserved.












Powered by Free Joomla Templates - 2013. All Rights Reserved. 







	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































