




























Fisher Asset Management LLC Holds Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Williams-Sonoma Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Williams-Sonoma Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Chimera Investment Corporation (CIM) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
ConocoPhillips (COP) Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine
Constellium N.V. (NYSE:CSTM) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Lowers Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NYSE:DGX) to Hold
Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
$929.87 Million in Sales Expected for TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (AMTD) This Quarter
Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Lowered by Analyst
iRadimed Corporation (NASDAQ:IRMD) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday
Lands’ End, Inc. (NASDAQ:LE) Major Shareholder Edward S. Lampert Buys 1,221,300 Shares
Ormat Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ORA) CEO Isaac Angel Sells 150,000 Shares
Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. (NASDAQ:MNRO) CEO Heel John W. Van Sells 129,089 Shares of Stock
Barrington Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSII)
Beacon Securities Comments on Atlantic Gold Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (AGB)
7,293 Shares in ASML Holding N.V. (NASDAQ:ASML) Acquired by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC
Hill-Rom Holdings Inc (NYSE:HRC) Stake Held by Duncker Streett & Co. Inc.
Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (ETP) Position Raised by Duncker Streett & Co. Inc.
Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) Position Lowered by Duncker Streett & Co. Inc.
Huntington National Bank Acquires 2,805 Shares of Campbell Soup Company (CPB)
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Shares Sold by Huntington National Bank



 


Fisher Asset Management LLC Holds Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Fisher Asset Management LLC held its stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 28,826 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Williams-Sonoma were worth $1,398,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma by 3.8% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,085 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 76 shares during the period.  IFP Advisors Inc increased its stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma by 11.5% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 2,107 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 217 shares during the period.  First Interstate Bank increased its stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma by 12.5% in the first quarter. First Interstate Bank now owns 2,250 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the period.  Invictus RG purchased a new stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma during the first quarter worth $122,000.  Finally, Franklin Resources Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Williams-Sonoma during the fourth quarter worth $123,000. 97.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Williams-Sonoma Inc. alerts:



Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) opened at 45.16 on Monday. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. has a 12 month low of $43.96 and a 12 month high of $57.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $47.27 and its 200 day moving average is $49.55. The company has a market capitalization of $3.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.15 and a beta of 0.90. 




Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 24th. The specialty retailer reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.02. Williams-Sonoma had a net margin of 5.99% and a return on equity of 25.51%. The business had revenue of $1.11 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.11 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.53 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts expect that  Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will post $3.56 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 25th. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.39 per share. This represents a $1.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.45%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 19th. Williams-Sonoma’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 45.35%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first  reported by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/fisher-asset-management-llc-holds-position-in-williams-sonoma-inc-wsm.html. 
WSM has been the subject of several research reports. Gordon Haskett initiated coverage on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. They issued an “accumulate” rating and a $61.00 price objective for the company. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $54.00 price target on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. J P Morgan Chase & Co upped their price target on shares of Williams-Sonoma from $60.00 to $64.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. ValuEngine cut shares of Williams-Sonoma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned  a hold rating and seven have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Williams-Sonoma presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.82.
Williams-Sonoma Company Profile
Williams-Sonoma, Inc is a multi-channel specialty retailer of products for the home. The Company operates retail stores in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Australia and the United Kingdom. It operates through two segments: e-commerce and retail. The e-commerce segment has various merchandising strategies, such as Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, West Elm, PBteen, Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, which sell its products through the Company’s e-commerce Websites and direct-mail catalogs.







Receive News & Ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Chimera Investment Corporation  Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”





Canadian National Railway Company  Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub





ConocoPhillips  Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine





Columbia Property Trust, Inc.  Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub





BidaskClub Lowers Quest Diagnostics Incorporated  to Hold





Constellium N.V.  Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Mobile Mini Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mobile Mini Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

SG Americas Securities LLC Purchases Shares of 9,168 MGM Growth Properties LLC (NYSE:MGP)
SG Americas Securities LLC Acquires 17,661 Shares of Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)
AR Asset Management Inc. Has $1.16 Million Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
Stifel Financial Corp Has $357,000 Position in El Paso Electric Company (NYSE:EE)
ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MYCC) Position Cut by Stifel Financial Corp
Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE:SFR) Shares Sold by Stifel Financial Corp
Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC
Welltower Inc. (NYSE:HCN) Shares Bought by Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management
Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Maintained by Peoples Financial Services CORP.
Enable Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:ENBL) Position Raised by Spirit of America Management Corp NY
General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Shares Sold by Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC
Roffman Miller Associates Inc. PA Invests $706,000 in Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ)
Kingfisher plc (KGF) Insider Purchases £149 in Stock
Agree Realty Corporation (NYSE:ADC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Firan Technology Group Corp. (FTG) Issues Earnings Results
ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Roger J. Heinen, Jr. Sells 1,500 Shares of Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:TYPE) Stock
Valvoline Inc. (VVV) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
TCP Capital Corp. (TCPC) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research


 


Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Fisher Asset Management LLC decreased its position in shares of Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) by 2.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 667,047 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 14,870 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC owned 1.52% of Mobile Mini worth $19,911,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Mobile Mini during the fourth quarter worth $646,000. Comerica Bank increased its stake in Mobile Mini by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 47,345 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,406,000 after buying an additional 2,563 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Mobile Mini by 7.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 963,433 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $29,142,000 after buying an additional 65,435 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in Mobile Mini by 6.1% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 24,070 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $728,000 after buying an additional 1,390 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Mobile Mini during the fourth quarter worth $7,397,000. 




Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) traded down 0.66% on Friday, hitting $29.95. The stock had a trading volume of 27,233 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $29.65 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.05. The firm has a market cap of $1.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.02 and a beta of 2.26. Mobile Mini, Inc. has a 52-week low of $23.40 and a 52-week high of $37.37. 


 Get Mobile Mini Inc. alerts:



Mobile Mini (NASDAQ:MINI) last announced its earnings results on Friday, July 21st. The industrial products company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $126.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $126.03 million. Mobile Mini had a net margin of 10.03% and a return on equity of 7.52%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.25 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Mobile Mini, Inc. will post $1.21 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 30th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, August 16th will be given a dividend of $0.227 per share. This represents a $0.91 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.01%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, August 14th. Mobile Mini’s dividend payout ratio is 78.45%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/fisher-asset-management-llc-decreases-stake-in-mobile-mini-inc-mini-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on MINI shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Mobile Mini from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. BidaskClub upgraded Mobile Mini from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. Mobile Mini presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $35.00.
In related news, insider Mark Funk sold 36,080 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, July 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.34, for a total value of $1,094,667.20. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 170,291 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,166,628.94. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. 6.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About Mobile Mini
Mobile Mini, Inc is a provider of portable storage solutions. The Company, through its subsidiary, Evergreen Tank Solutions, Inc (ETS), is a provider of specialty containment solutions in the United States. The Company manages its business as two portable storage solutions business segments, North America and the U.K., and one specialty containment business segment. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Mobile Mini Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobile Mini Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿




























Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) Position Raised by Fisher Asset Management LLC - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland)
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Griffon Corporation (NYSE:GFF) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact BOULDER GR&INC (NYSE:BIF) Share Price
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Five Point Holdings (FPH) Share Price
Simply Good Fds (SMPL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37
Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company
Woodward, Inc. (WWD) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Sell”
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades NanoString Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:NSTG) to Hold
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.
$477.24 Million in Sales Expected for Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) This Quarter
Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK)
Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance
Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:SBCP) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS
Macquarie Infrastructure Company (NYSE:MIC) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
Main Street Capital Corporation (NYSE:MAIN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Lincoln National Corporation (LNC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
FIG Partners Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for MB Financial Inc. (NASDAQ:MBFI)
Analysts Issue Forecasts for Lennox International, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (LII)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $4.00 Per Share (NYSE:STI)
Unilever NV (UN) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.74 Per Share



 


Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) Position Raised by Fisher Asset Management LLC

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Fisher Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) by 376.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 12,460 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 9,846 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) were worth $1,139,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of IR. Israel Discount Bank of New York bought a new position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) during the first quarter worth approximately $126,000.  Tradewinds Capital Management LLC boosted its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.0% in the first quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,690 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 140 shares in the last quarter.  Zions Bancorporation boosted its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 1.1% in the first quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 2,001 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter.  Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 9.6% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 2,003 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $178,000 after buying an additional 176 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its position in  Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) by 6.6% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 2,106 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $192,000 after buying an additional 131 shares in the last quarter. 82.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) alerts:



Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE IR) opened at 91.67 on Monday. Ingersoll-Rand PLC has a one year low of $62.40 and a one year high of $94.39. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $91.05 and its 200-day moving average is $84.45. The stock has a market cap of $23.47 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.66 and a beta of 1.32. 




Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.57 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $3 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.94 billion. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) had a return on equity of 16.44% and a net margin of 10.58%. The company’s revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.50 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Ingersoll-Rand PLC will post $4.53 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was  published by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/ingersoll-rand-plc-ireland-nyseir-position-raised-by-fisher-asset-management-llc.html. 
IR has been the subject of a number of research reports. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from $90.00 to $100.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price target on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Wolfe Research started coverage on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada upped their price objective on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) from $83.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $96.83.
In related news, insider Paul A. Camuti sold 6,960 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.90, for a total value of $625,704.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 64,979 shares in the company, valued at $5,841,612.10. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Marcia J. Avedon sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $89.53, for a total value of $895,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 118,297 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,591,130.41. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 21,943 shares of company stock worth $1,967,606. 0.65% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) Company Profile
Ingersoll-Rand Public Limited Company provides products, services and solutions to improve the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings, transport and protect food and perishables. The Company’s business segments include Climate and Industrial. It is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of a portfolio of industrial and commercial products that include brand names, such as Ingersoll-Rand, Trane, American Standard, ARO and Club Car.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (NYSE:IR).







Receive News & Ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Griffon Corporation  Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds





Simply Good Fds  Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37





Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Five Point Holdings  Share Price





Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact BOULDER GR&INC  Share Price





Exxon Mobil Corporation  Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.





Zacks Investment Research Upgrades NanoString Technologies, Inc.  to Hold






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Fisher Asset Management LLC Sells 26,366 Shares of M&T Bank Corporation (MTB) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for M&T Bank Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor M&T Bank Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Purchases Shares of 296,293 Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ:CY)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Has $3.45 Million Stake in PacWest Bancorp (NASDAQ:PACW)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Has $2.80 Million Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (NYSE:DNB)
20,285 Shares in Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR) Acquired by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) Shares Bought by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Purchases 25 Shares of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE:NEP)
E.W. Scripps Company (The) (NYSE:SSP) Shares Bought by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
ICON PLC (NASDAQ:ICLR) Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,690 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (NYSE:TFX)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Has $6.03 Million Stake in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (NYSE:BIP)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Has $2.65 Million Position in Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Sells 180 Shares of Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (NYSE:DFT)
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Invests $3.74 Million in Nielsen N.V. (NYSE:NLSN)
CyrusOne Inc (NASDAQ:CONE) Position Raised by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Sells 40,891 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (NYSE:PFG)
DXC Technology Company. (NYSE:DXC) Position Increased by Cribstone Capital Management LLC
Scana Corporation (SCG) Stake Cut by Cribstone Capital Management LLC
Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Pure Cycle Corporation (NASDAQ:PCYO)
Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Shares Bought by Cribstone Capital Management LLC
Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has $118,000 Position in Unum Group (UNM)



 


Fisher Asset Management LLC Sells 26,366 Shares of M&T Bank Corporation (MTB)

					Posted by David on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 



Fisher Asset Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of  M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB) by 72.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 10,040 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 26,366 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC’s holdings in M&T Bank Corporation were worth $1,626,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Confluence Investment Management LLC raised its position in  M&T Bank Corporation by 2.9% in the second quarter. Confluence Investment Management LLC now owns 94,694 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $15,336,000 after buying an additional 2,699 shares during the period.  Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB raised its position in  M&T Bank Corporation by 1.8% in the second quarter. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB now owns 11,392 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,845,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the period.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC raised its position in  M&T Bank Corporation by 1.9% in the first quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 13,047 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,988,000 after buying an additional 240 shares during the period.  Cambridge Trust Co. raised its position in  M&T Bank Corporation by 1.3% in the first quarter. Cambridge Trust Co. now owns 92,312 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $14,283,000 after buying an additional 1,191 shares during the period.  Finally, Bank of Nova Scotia raised its position in  M&T Bank Corporation by 900.4% in the first quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia now owns 35,275 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $5,458,000 after buying an additional 31,749 shares during the period. 78.99% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get M&T Bank Corporation alerts:



Shares of M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE MTB) opened at 158.11 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $24.12 billion, a PE ratio of 18.52 and a beta of 0.77. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $161.82 and its 200-day moving average is $160.24. M&T Bank Corporation has a 12-month low of $111.82 and a 12-month high of $173.72. 




M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, July 19th. The bank reported $2.35 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.27 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $1.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.40 billion. M&T Bank Corporation had a net margin of 24.10% and a return on equity of 9.48%. M&T Bank Corporation’s revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $2.07 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  M&T Bank Corporation will post $9.21 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st were issued a $0.75 dividend. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.90%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, May 30th. M&T Bank Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 35.09%. 
M&T Bank Corporation declared that its board has initiated a share buyback program on Wednesday, June 28th that authorizes the company to buyback $900.00 million in    shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the bank to repurchase up to 3.6% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback programs are often an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its shares are undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fisher Asset Management LLC Sells 26,366 Shares of M&T Bank Corporation (MTB)” was first  published by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/24/fisher-asset-management-llc-sells-26366-shares-of-mt-bank-corporation-mtb.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $167.00 price objective on shares of M&T Bank Corporation in a research report on Friday. Instinet  reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $144.00 price objective on shares of M&T Bank Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded M&T Bank Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $174.00 to $186.00 in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Morgan Stanley  reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $155.00 price objective (up from $152.00) on shares of M&T Bank Corporation in a research report on Friday, July 7th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded M&T Bank Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $160.40.
In other news, insider Brian E. Hickey sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.02, for a total transaction of $324,040.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 12,169 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,971,621.38. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Richard S. Gold sold 6,904 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.71, for a total transaction of $1,123,349.84. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 39,326 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,398,733.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own  3.18% of the company’s stock. 
M&T Bank Corporation Company Profile
M&T Bank Corporation (M&T) is a bank holding company. As of December 31, 2016, M&T had two bank subsidiaries: Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company (M&T Bank) and Wilmington Trust, National Association (Wilmington Trust, N.A.). The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of retail and commercial banking, trust and wealth management, and investment services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for M&T Bank Corporation (NYSE:MTB).







Receive News & Ratings for M&T Bank Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for M&T Bank Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 













































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Fisher Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Diageo PLC
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Diageo PLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35
Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.77 Per Share
Century Aluminum (CENX) & Kaiser Aluminum Corporation (NASDAQ:KALU) Financial Review
Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) and Graphic Packaging Holding (NYSE:GPK) Financial Review
Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC
Fisher Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO)
Sociedad Quimica y Minera S.A. (NYSE:SQM) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
$2.38 Earnings Per Share Expected for Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) This Quarter
Glatfelter (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Contrasting Cummins (CMI) and Installed Building Products (NYSE:IBP)
Critical Analysis: DeVry Education Group (ATGE) versus Strayer Education (STRA)
Pimco Income Strategy Fund II Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.08 (NYSE:PFN)
Pimco CA Muni. Income Fund III Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (PZC)
$0.10 EPS Expected for Tahoe Resources, Inc. (TAHO) This Quarter
Brokerages Anticipate National CineMedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCMI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.05 Per Share
Paylocity Holding Corporation (PCTY) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc.
Calpine Corporation (CPN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Blackline Inc (BL) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc.
Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Shares Bought by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Wells Fargo & Company MN Purchases 25,943 Shares of Carbonite, Inc. (CARB)



 


Fisher Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO)

					Posted by Francis Steltz on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 



Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) by 5.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 14,774 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 812 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Diageo PLC were worth $1,770,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in DEO. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC increased its position in  Diageo PLC by 297.6% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 986 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 738 shares during the last quarter.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new position in  Diageo PLC during the first quarter worth about $118,000.  Glassman Wealth Services increased its position in  Diageo PLC by 116.8% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,071 shares of the company’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 577 shares during the last quarter.  Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its position in  Diageo PLC by 8.5% in the first quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,176 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 92 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC acquired a new position in  Diageo PLC during the first quarter worth about $139,000. Institutional investors own  12.11% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Diageo PLC alerts:



Shares of Diageo PLC (NYSE DEO) opened at 120.65 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $75.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.64 and a beta of 0.74. Diageo PLC has a 12 month low of $99.46 and a 12 month high of $123.48. The company has a 50 day moving average of $120.64 and a 200-day moving average of $116.08. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Fisher Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO)” was  reported by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/23/fisher-asset-management-llc-boosts-position-in-diageo-plc-nysedeo.html. 




A number of research firms have issued reports on DEO. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $142.00 target price on shares of Diageo PLC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Diageo PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Citigroup Inc. downgraded shares of Diageo PLC from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Societe Generale upgraded shares of Diageo PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, June 26th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Diageo PLC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and nine have issued  a buy rating to the company. The company  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $136.00.
About Diageo PLC
Diageo PLC is an alcoholic beverage company. The Company operates in various categories, including spirits and beer. Its geographic segments include North America; Europe, Russia and Turkey; Africa; Latin America and Caribbean, and Asia Pacific. Its principal products includes Scotch whisky, Gin, Vodka, Rum, Beer, Irish Cream Liqueur, Wine, Raki, Tequila, Canadian Whisky, American Whiskey, Progressive Adult Beverages, Cachaca, Brandy and Ready to Drink.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO).







Receive News & Ratings for Diageo PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Alphabet  Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35





Occidental Petroleum Corporation  Declares Dividend Increase – $0.77 Per Share





Packaging Corporation of America  and Graphic Packaging Holding  Financial Review





Century Aluminum  & Kaiser Aluminum Corporation  Financial Review





Fisher Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in Diageo PLC 





Simon Property Group, Inc.  Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Fisher Asset Management LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Fisher Asset Management LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Fisher Asset Manage...



Financial » Asset Management » Fisher Asset Management LLC






Menu options for Fisher Asset Management LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (3)


March  3, 2017
In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360
... they want and need, says Nathan Fisher of Fisher Investments.

3. Creating Perfect Security Interests...


February 28, 2017
How 401(k) Benefits Can Attract Millennial Legal Talent
....

—By Nathan Fisher, Fisher Investments

Nathan Fisher is 401(K) solutions managing director at Fisher...


June 20, 2007
Ex-Fisher Employees Settle in Arbitration
...Prominent fund Fisher Investments has secured promises from several former employees accused of...


Cases (3)



February 16, 2012 | New York Eastern
Lin v. Swanson et al
Securities/Commodities




December 29, 2011 | Delaware
Bajaj v. Fisher Asset Management LLC et al
Other Fraud




April 11, 2010 | Missouri Eastern
Wootten v. Fisher Investments, Inc. et al
Other Statutory Actions



PTAB Cases (8)



June 27, 2017 | PGR2017-00038
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. v. Songkick.com BV




December  5, 2016 | IPR2017-00388
Google Inc. v. Koninklijke Philips N.V.




December  5, 2016 | IPR2017-00389
Google Inc. v. Koninklijke Philips N.V.




To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















 







Fisher Asset Management LLC : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Fisher Asset Management LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Fisher Asset Manage...



Financial » Asset Management » Fisher Asset Management LLC







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Fisher Asset Management LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Aerospace & Defense (1)
Appellate (1)
Asset Management (1)
Automotive (1)
Banking (2)
Bankruptcy (1)
California (1)
Capital Markets (1)
Class Action (1)
Commercial Contracts (1)
Competition (1)
Consumer Protection (1)
Corporate (1)
Cybersecurity & Privacy (1)
Delaware (1)
Employment (2)
Energy (1)
Environmental (1)
Florida (1)
Food & Beverage (1)
Government Contracts (1)
Health (1)
Hospitality (1)
Illinois (1)
Immigration (1)
Insurance (1)
Intellectual Property (2)
International Arbitration (1)
International Trade (1)
Legal Ethics (1)
Legal Industry (2)
Life Sciences (1)
Media & Entertainment (1)
Medical Malpractice (1)
Mergers & Acquisitions (1)
Native American (1)
New Jersey (1)
New York (1)
Pennsylvania (1)
Private Equity (1)
Product Liability (1)
Project Finance (1)
Public Policy (1)
Real Estate (1)
Retail & E-Commerce (1)
Securities (1)
Sports (1)
Tax (1)
Technology (1)
Telecommunications (1)
Texas (1)
Transportation (1)
Trials (1)
White Collar (1)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (3)


March  3, 2017
In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360
... they want and need, says Nathan Fisher of Fisher Investments.

3. Creating Perfect Security Interests...


February 28, 2017
How 401(k) Benefits Can Attract Millennial Legal Talent
....

—By Nathan Fisher, Fisher Investments

Nathan Fisher is 401(K) solutions managing director at Fisher...


June 20, 2007
Ex-Fisher Employees Settle in Arbitration
...Prominent fund Fisher Investments has secured promises from several former employees accused of...



	Show: 2050100200















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















	Careers | Fisher Investments












































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About










About


Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do



How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades



Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations




Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions







Home
About
Careers



Career Opportunities at Fisher Investments
Fisher Investments offers career opportunities for all levels of experience – from tenured finance professionals to recent college graduates. Our career opportunities span multiple areas including sales, client service, research, trading, marketing, and technology. We promote a merit-based environment, where opportunities are awarded based on performance and attitude, and we offer flexible career paths for employees at all levels.
Our goal is to help you build a lifelong career at Fisher Investments. We offer comprehensive training programs, ongoing education, and exposure to many parts of the business. We work in an open environment to promote interaction and collaboration among all levels of employees. We prize innovation, ongoing testing and thinking differently. 
Fisher Investments also offers a generous and comprehensive benefits program, including 100% company paid medical, dental and vision for employees and dependents, a 401(k) plan with company match, and more.
As a Fisher Investments employee, you'll be entrusted with a high level of responsibility, given the resources you need to succeed, and recognized and rewarded when you do. 



Learn more at the Fisher Investments Careers website.
Ready to join a winning team? View current career opportunities.
If you are a college student, learn about our Internships.















	Local Offices | Fisher Investments









































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About








Home
Contact Us
Local Offices



Find a location near you:






















	Retirement Plan | Fisher Investments












































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About










Your Retirement

15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides



Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips








Home
Your Retirement



Key Questions to Ask about Your Retirement Plan Explained by Fisher Investments
While it may seem simple, your retirement plan is one of the most important strategies you’ll develop over the course of your life. Done properly, it’s a key ingredient to enjoying your sunset years without financial worries. Done poorly, it may result in a significantly lower quality of life after your earning years. 
When dealing with a decision this serious, it’s no surprise that many turn to a variety of financial advisers to help. It’s easy to find recommendations on what types of accounts, stocks, bonds, annuities and any number of other investment vehicles are right for a retirement plan based on your gender, age, marital status, bank-account size or other personal information. But are those sources really where should you turn if they’re basing their recommendations on the group you’re in, rather than what you care about? 
At Fisher Investments, we believe a realistic retirement plan shouldn’t be based on what you are, but rather who you are. That’s why we ask our clients to answer the following questions before making investment recommendations:  

What are my long-term financial goals?

How long do my assets need to last?   
How will withdrawals and inflation impact my portfolio? 
What asset allocation (the mix of stocks, bonds or other securities) has the highest probability of helping me meet my retirement goals?

By taking this deeper approach to your retirement planning, we work to understand your unique financial situation and investment goals to build an easy-to-understand, yet comprehensive, retirement plan tailored to you. 
Ultimately, realistic retirement planning is a complex process and our site can only briefly covers some of the most important factors you should consider when constructing your retirement plan. If you have further questions, we offer more in-depth coverage through our various retirement guides.  

Retirement Planning with Fisher Investments
Creating a comprehensive retirement plan can be challenging, but you don’t have to do it alone. If you have any questions, need help getting started, or simply need a second set of eyes on your retirement plan—please give us a call at 800-568-5082.
We’ve helped thousands of investors—each with unique goals and objectives—plan for retirement. We would be honored to help you, too.

















	Services | Fisher Investments



















































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About










Services


Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities




Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides




Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy






Questions?
(888) 823-9566
Contact Us





Home
Services


Fisher Investments Services
At Fisher Investments, our goal is simple—to help you achieve your long-term financial goals. Our portfolio management techniques are designed to align with your individual needs. We take the time to understand your personal financial situation, long-term goals and investing objectives before making any recommendations. We utilize that information to craft a portfolio specifically for you—but it won’t be static. Over time, your portfolio may change based on your personal circumstances, or our forward-looking views of the market.
We offer a comprehensive set of financial planning, annuity evaluation, and portfolio management services. Learn more below.





Annuities
We can help you understand the complexities of your annuity and help determine if it’s appropriate for you.
Learn More





Financial Planning
We offer comprehensive planning services focused on helping you make the right decisions for your financial future.
Learn More





Portfolio Management
We believe our client-centric approach explains why we’ve been managing portfolios for over 35 years and currently serve over 35,000 private clients.
Learn More
















	Firm Leadership | Fisher Investments
















































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About










About


Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do



How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades



Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations




Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




Recognition
for Ken Fisher, Fisher Investments & its Affiliates




Fisher Investments

















Ken Fisher













Fisher Investments Europe










Grüner Fisher Investments













Home
About
Who We Are



Experienced Investment Management Leadership
We believe you should know who’s in charge of your retirement investments, and what makes them qualified to manage your life savings. Fisher Investments prides itself on having well-established, tenured leadership and a respectable performance history for over 35 years. 

Fisher Investments is an independent fee-only investment adviser with $83 billion under management for more than 35,000 private clients, and over 175 large institutions.*
The members of our Investment Policy Committee (IPC) have over 130 years’ combined industry experience.
Our founder and Executive Chairman, Ken Fisher, has been recognized by Forbes as a self-made billionaire and has been considered one of the world's most influential investors.**
Currently, we have over 2,000 employees that support the investment process and firm operations. Each client is assigned a dedicated Investment Counselor that knows you by name and assists with your personal investing matters.
The firm has offices in California and Washington, USA and two wholly-owned subsidiaries in the UK and Germany, with further global expansion underway.

See Our Awards & Recognition
Executive Management Team
The firm’s senior management team is made up of Executive Chairman Ken Fisher, CEO Damian Ornani, Vice Chairman Jeff Silk and Chief Operating Officer Steve Triplett—who together are responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of Fisher Investments.
Learn More About Our Executive Management Team
The Investment Policy Committee
Our five-person Portfolio Management Team (IPC) collaborates to make all strategic decisions for client portfolios.
Collectively, the IPC oversees the firm’s portfolio management and capital markets research team. Each member is experienced in the field and steeped in the firm’s values. Some have worked together for more than 30 years, providing a level of management continuity and stability rarely seen in the investment industry.

Learn More About Our Investment Policy Committee
Ken Fisher
Ken is the founder, Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer of Fisher Investments. His prestigious Forbes “Portfolio Strategy” column ran from 1984 to 2017, making Ken the longest continuously running columnist in the magazine’s history. He is also the author of several bestselling books.

Learn More About Ken Fisher
*As of 06/30/2017
**Thirty for Thirty, Investment Advisor, May 2010. http://www.thinkadvisor.com/2010/05/01/thirty-for-thirty














	Fisher Investments | Official Company Website





















































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About









Stock Market Outlook
15-Minute Retirement Plan
Financial Planning
Why Choose Fisher Investments



Stock Market Outlook
Where are markets going from here? Access our in-depth analysis of Q2 investing conditions and our forecast for the remainder of 2017. 




In this report, you will learn:

How close we might be to the end of the bull market after eight long years
What President Trump could mean for your portfolio
Why stock market fundamentals and sentiment favor stocks outside America

Click Here







15-Minute Retirement Plan
Running out of money in retirement is one of the biggest risks investors face.  Working your whole life to gather enough wealth for retirement, only to realize too late it's just not enough, can be devastating. This guide addresses important issues investors face in retirement.
Get The 15-Minute Retirement Plan





Financial Planning
We take a unique approach to financial planning
Backed by an institutional level research team and an Investment Policy Committee with 100+ years of experience, our holistic financial planning services are designed to help you achieve your financial goals, not to sell you products.
Learn More 





Why Choose Fisher Investments
We believe the first step to successful investment management is putting your interests before our own. Our client-first approach puts the focus where it should be—on you and your long-term investment needs. This is why we’ve successfully managed portfolios for tens of thousands of individuals like you over the past 35 years. 
Learn More About Fisher Investments









Our Services
Over the past 35 years, Fisher Investments has managed portfolios for tens of thousands of investors. Learn more about how we can assist you.

Annuity Evaluation
Financial Planning
Portfolio Management
Institutional Investing
401(k) Solutions for Businesses 





Market Insights






GDP Doesn’t Predict Stocks
By Fisher Investments Editorial Staff
In this Market Insights video, we discuss the relationship between Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and stocks. Or, more specifically, the lack thereof






More Market Insights




Contact Us
(888) 823-9566
Qualified investment specialists are available to answer your questions.


    Find a Local Office Near You
    
Speak to a Professional
More Ways to Connect with Us








Learn what makes Fisher Investments different.

Since our founding over 35 years ago, Fisher Investments has served investors as a fiduciary, meaning we’re legally required to put our client’s best interests first. Unlike brokers, we won’t push proprietary products like mutual funds or annuities. By taking a client-first approach, we put our focus where it should be: on your needs, not ours.  Our goal isn’t to achieve the impossible by picking the single best stock or predicting every market fluctuation. It’s to ensure your satisfaction by helping you achieve your long-term financial goals. Since Fisher Investments was founded in 1979, our approach has consistently reflected those values. We currently manage over $83 billion in assets for more than 35,000 private clients and 175 institutions*. We believe our client-focused style is why, over the last 19 years, more than 9 out of 10 Private Client Group clients have chosen to stay with Fisher Investments.** 






Personalized Portfolio Management
From the very beginning, we take the time to understand your personal situation, financial goals, time horizon and cash-flow needs. We discuss with you our investment approach and philosophy. We then tailor a strategy to meet your situation and investment goals. And that’s just the start. We check in regularly to help ensure your investment strategy stays aligned with your lifestyle and goals. 
Learn more about our portfolio management services 




Investment Approach
We aren’t tied to one allocation or investment style. We manage your investments based on your personal goals and our forward-looking views of the market. Our dynamic, flexible approach to investing positions portfolios to benefit from opportunities we see in the global market. As we manage your portfolio, we educate you along the way so you have the knowledge to understand what’s happening in your portfolio and why. We find this transparency helps clients feel more comfortable with their investments. 
Learn more about our approach 










Unparalleled Service
We get to know you personally. You have a dedicated Investment Counselor who serves as your day-to-day contact. They are your liaison to the Investment Policy Committee, and a conduit for any information you seek. Your Investment Counselor knows the full details of your account, and works to ensure your service needs are met promptly and accurately. Investment Counselors don’t sell any products. They have one job: serving you, the client, by helping you stay on track toward your long-term financial goals.  
Learn more about our unparalleled client service




Transparent Fee Structure
At Fisher Investments, we have a simple, transparent fee structure based on the size of your portfolio. We don’t earn commissions so there’s no incentive for us to buy or sell investment products or trade your account frequently. This aligns our interests with yours: in other words, if you do better, we do better.
Learn more about out transparent fee structure 










Ongoing Education
One of the services our clients value most is our educational seminars and content.  While your dedicated Investment Counselor keeps you up-to-date on key issues, our educational resources go well beyond that. All clients receive detailed Quarterly Reviews and semi-annual Capital Markets Update videos, summarizing our market outlook and analysis for the period. All clients are invited to attend in-person seminars where they can hear directly from the Investment Policy Committee and other senior members of the firm. We also provide a series of free investment guides, books and website commentary.  
Learn more about our educational resources 



Take the Next Step:
Contact us to learn how we can help you achieve your financial goals.




 (888) 823-9566






 Contact us online






Recognition
for Ken Fisher, Fisher Investments & its Affiliates




Fisher Investments
















Ken Fisher













Fisher Investments Europe










Grüner Fisher Investments


















*As of 06/30/2017
**Average annual Private Client Group retention, 1997-2015 (calculated as 1-[sum of (number of terminations in year/number of clients in year)]/number of years).















	Contact Us l Fisher Investments






















































Contact Us
Institutional Investors



United States
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom














Annuities

7 Critical Questions Every Annuity Buyer Should Ask
Are Annuities Good or Bad?
Annuity Guides
Understanding Annuities



Financial Planning

Our Approach
Important Considerations
Financial Planning Guides



Portfolio Management

Customizing Your Portfolio
Our Asset Management Approach
Investment Philosophy





Services





15-Minute Retirement Plan


Retirement Guides


Retirement Planning

Retirement Planning: Cash Flow
Retirement Planning: Goals
Retirement Planning: Time Horizon
Retirement Planning: Asset Allocation



Investing for Retirement


401k and IRA Retirement Tips




Your Retirement





Market Insights





Stock Market Outlook


Mobile App


Investing Guides


Quarterly Reviews


Daily Commentary


Investing Articles

Academic Articles
Financial Times Columns
Forbes Columns
Other Articles



Books




Education





401k Calculator


Annuity Calculator


Future Value Calculator


Retirement Calculator


Market & Economic Data




Tools & Calculators





Who We Are

Executive Management Team
Portfolio Management Team
Ken Fisher



What We Do


How We Do It

Unparalleled Client Service
Client Education
Client Programs



Key Advantages


Awards & Accolades


Company Info

History
Fees
Performance
AUM
Locations



Careers

Internships



Press Room


Frequently Asked Questions




About








Home
Contact Us












New to Fisher?
Click here to find an office in your area. Or call us at (888) 823-9566.







Current Clients
Call Us: (800) 550-1071
Email Us: pcg@fi.com





Connect with Us:






























IMPORTANT: There was a slight problem with your submission. Please see the highlighted field(s) below. 


* First Name:





* Last Name:





* Phone:





* Email Address:





* Inquiry Type:


Please select
Current Client
Potential Client
Institutional Investor
General Information
Website Feedback




Comments:







US Offices




 Fisher Investments Camas


5525 NW Fisher Creek Drive
        Camas, WA 98607
        Phone: (888) 823-9566
        Fax: 650-529-1436
        Email: info@fi.com
Camas Driving Directions
            







 Fisher Investments Woodside


13100 Skyline Boulevard
        Woodside, CA 94062
        Phone: (888) 823-9566
        Fax: 650-529-1436
        Email: info@fi.com
Woodside Driving Directions
            







 Fisher Investments San Mateo


1450 Fashion Island Boulevard
        San Mateo, CA 94404
        Phone: (888) 823-9566
        Fax: 650-529-1436
        Email: info@fi.com
San Mateo Driving Directions
            




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































