




products – r todd fisher – classic american hair











































 
























about
services
portfolio
products
schedule
reviews
connect
 






­ 



productsadmin2016-01-02T04:25:57+00:00 
Hair




Out of Stock 


fiber pomade 
$22.00



Details



 


classic pomade 
$22.00



Add to cartDetails



 


gel pomade 
$24.00



Add to cartDetails



 


matte pomade paste 
$24.00



Add to cartDetails



 


r todd fisher comb 
Free!



Add to cartDetails



Shave




Out of Stock 


after-shave balm 
$22.00



Details



Out of Stock 


pre-shave oil 
$16.00



Details



 


travel shave brush 
$18.00



Add to cartDetails



 


bergamot after-shave 
$12.00



Add to cartDetails



 


field shave soap & canister 
$15.00



Add to cartDetails






 
 
  
 
 

















































Carrie Fisher's Brother Todd Says He's 'Not Shocked' About Her Cause of Death























































 

               



















 People


close



Subscribe


Stay Connected


Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat


Subscribe
Print Magazine
All Access
Premium Free Trial
Gift Box Offer
Give a Gift
Buy Current Issue
Customer Service

Advertise With Us
Online
Magazine

Learn More
More Special Offers
Mobile Apps
Sitemap
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Service
Ad Choices


Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



Skip to content




 





Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat














 








MoviesCarrie Fisher’s Brother Todd Says He’s ‘Not Shocked’ By Her Cause of DeathBy Alexia Fernandez•@alexiafedzPosted on June 17, 2017 at 12:13am EDT 
ShareTweetEmail 





 




 Pinterest






Carrie Fisher‘s brother, Todd, is speaking out on the cause of his sister’s death due to sleep apnea and other undetermined factors, the Los Angeles County Coroner’s Office revealed Friday.
“We’re not enlightened,” Todd told the Associated Press. “There’s nothing about this that is enlightening.”
“I would tell you, from my perspective that there’s certainly no news that Carrie did drugs,” he continued. The Star Wars actress was direct and forthcoming about her struggle with bipolar disorder and substance abuse issues, which began when she was 13.
The coroner said Fisher suffered from atherosclerotic heart disease and “drug use,” but no specifics were given. According to the Associated Press, the report stated Fisher had taken multiple drugs prior to her death. She was 60.
“I am not shocked that part of her health was affected by drugs,” her brother told the AP. “If you want to know what killed her, it’s all of it.”
Fisher explored her issues with addiction in her 1987 best-selling, semi-autobiographical novel, Postcards from the Edge, which was later turned into a movie starring Meryl Streep.
“I couldn’t stop, or stay stopped. It was never my fantasy to have a drug problem,” she told PEOPLE in 1987. “I’d say, ‘Oh, f— it, I haven’t done anything for a couple of months, why not? Let’s celebrate not doing them by doing them.’ I got into trouble each time. I hated myself. I just beat myself up. It was very painful.”
She told PEOPLE in 2013, “The only lesson for me, or anybody, is that you have to get help. I’m not embarrassed.”


Show Full Article








Most Popular





 
1
Jada Pinkett Smith Wishes Those Rumors about Her and Will Smith Being Swingers Were True








 
2
Johnny Depp Allegedly Spent $7,000 on a Couch from Keeping Up with the Kardashians for His Daughter Lily-Rose








 
3
Kevin Hart Laughs at ‘BS’ Allegations He Cheated on Pregnant Wife Eniko Parrish







 
4
Brooklyn Beckham Is Dating Singer and YouTube Star Madison Beer







 
5
Jada Pinkett Smith Says She Was a Drug Dealer When She Met Tupac Shakur














				See Also			


























Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
















































































































































 





















Thermo Fisher: todd hewitt broth | Bioz | Ratings For Life-Science Research































































 






Products 


Antibodies


Kits


Cloning


PCR


CRISPR


ELISA


Proteins


RNAi


Cells


Vectors





        About 


About Us
News
Team
Advisors
Ambassadors

Bioz Stars
Bioz vStars


Sign In














Home


 > 


Search Results


 > 


Thermo Fisher


 > 


todd hewitt broth





























Loading...


































About Bioz
About Us | 
        Team | 
        Advisors | 
Bioz Stars | 
	      Bioz vStars | 
	    News
Join our Bioz Ambassador program
Partner With UsJoin our Vendor Partner Community
	      Subscribe to Data Analytics Reports
        




Our Platform
Bioz is the world's first search engine for life science experimentation. The patent-pending
	        cloud platform combines the work of scientists with advanced NLP, machine learning, and AI technologies to
	        help life scientists in academia and biopharma make faster and smarter experimentation decisions,
	        ultimately speeding up drug discovery and increasing the rate of success in finding cures for diseases.
Mobile Apps: IOS App Store,
		      Android Google Play




Contact Us
3150 Porter Drive Palo Alto, CA 94304-1212
        Email: info@bioz.com

Careers
Looking to join an exciting innovative team of entrepreneurs, scientists, and engineers? Bioz is the place for you!
          We are looking for a few truly great people.
         Send your resume to info@bioz.com











2017 © Bioz Inc. All Rights Reserved. |
        Privacy Policy |
        Terms of Service |
        Beta V7
















































Isla Fisher Todd Oldham Pink Fur High Boots from Confessions of a Shopaholic | TheTake








































































































Can't find what you're looking for? Let us help.	
REQUEST:
Movie
TV Show
Product
Location


					MAKE A REQUEST
				











Discover products and places from your favorite films and shows.
Join TheTake

					GET THE APP:
					
Text Me A Link





Send











			    		Looking for our B2B Solution?
			    	
Click Here










 








Products






Locations





Movies



BROWSE BY MOVIE






TRENDING






Browse All Movies >





TV Shows



BROWSE BY SHOW






TRENDING






Browse All Shows >





 Saved



TheScript



 





  

Products
Places
Movies & Shows
Actors




Log In






My Profile


 Log Out





 




































































Brand
Name
$999.99


BUY NOW









Similar styles








Wear It With










GET THE LOOK

 























0:34 / 1:56





				HOW TO SHOP
			
1. Play the video, and pause at any point to shop the scene.
2. Hover your mouse over the video to shop the scene.
3. Click on any product to buy it. Move your mouse outside the video to keep watching.



No endorsement or sponsorship implied by any actor, studio or brand featured on TheTake.com






Embed
Post to FB


















Brand
Name
$999.99


BUY NOW









Similar styles

















No endorsement or sponsorship implied by any actor, studio or brand featured on TheTake.com













Save this product to get notified when we find the Exact Match!
					










Todd Oldham pink boots from Confessions of a Shopaholic seen with Isla Fisher (Rebecca Bloomwood)

BUY















  


Todd Oldham
Pink Fur High Boots















As Seen on Rebecca Bloomwood (Isla Fisher) in Confessions of a Shopaholic


 GOOD GIRL GONE BROKE:  					Meet New York finance journalist Rebecca Bloomwood (Isla Fisher), an impulsive shopper who empties her bank account one designer handbag at a time. In the hilarious rom com Confessions of a Shopaholic, follow this college grad while she hides out from creditors and schemes her way into the fashion magazine industry. Also starring Joan Cusack and John Goodman, get ready for Prada, Gucci, and love in a classic tale of good girl gone broke.  Scroll down to see more clothes, outfits and products identified from Confessions of a Shopaholic. 




SIMILAR STYLES











Todd Oldham
Heavily Beaded Boots
$950.00

 









Shoesofdream
Edifier Suede Dress Boots
$197.80

 









Eye Candie
Sparkles-325 Knee-High Stiletto Boots
$46.99

 




+
Suggest an Exact Match










Shop more: Women's Fashion Shoes Boots






Comments and Suggested Matches


SHOW ALL COMMENTS




Add a comment:

How do I add links/pictures?


Suggest a product match (optional):


SUBMIT




More From This  Movie 



  









FILTER BY MOVIE / SHOW

X














FILTER BY ACTOR

X

















Sorry, we couldn't find anything with those filters.



















  

Suggest a Product Match
Select Image | Use an Image Link

Image Link:










Brand:

Product Name:

Price: (optional)


Match Type:
SIMILAR STYLE
EXACT MATCH

Tell us how you know this is an exact match:


POST





Small
Medium
Large


Select a size and copy the HTML above to embed this interactive movie frame into your website!
×







Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


About

Jump to Top



          ©2016 TheTake
            









ABOUT
MOBILE
JOBS
PRIVACY
TERMS






















































Oops! Please try again. 


Join TheTake
Discover, share, and save your favorite products and places from movies. Sign up today to get started!


Get Notified
Leave your email and we'll let you know when we've got it.



 



OR



GO






Already have an account? Log in now
  



Request a Product




What is it?



What was it in?











Have a picture of it? No selfies... just images of products


Any other details?







 



Thanks! We'll notify you when it has been added.
Close


Sorry, something went wrong. Check your submission and try again!

  
































Oops! Please try again. 

Sign up to buy this product



 

Or use your Email Address




SIGN UP




Or sign up with Facebook

Already have an account? Log in now








				Thanks for entering!
			





SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire










SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire










SUBMIT


"Help me, help you." - Jerry McGuire




Welcome to TheTake
You made the right call

CONTINUE
Click to be redirected to the product



Good luck!
You're entered to win.

And now, share away:






CLOSE


Welcome to TheTake
You made the right call

CONTINUE






  




Oops! Please try again. 

Almost Done!
We just need a little more info to create your account.










Female
	          	

Male
	          	

By creating an account I agree to TheTake Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

CREATE ACCOUNT


  





Oops! Please try again. 

Sign up with Facebook








By creating an account I agree to TheTakeTerms of Service and Privacy Policy

CREATE ACCOUNT


  




Oops! Please try again. 

Log in to TheTake





Log in with your email address








LOG IN


Forgot password? 



Not a member? Sign up now

  



Our Team Is on It




CLOSE
		Browse all of our movies here.
		
	      



Reset Password
Enter your email address to reset your password.



RESET



Not a member? Sign up now

  



Congrats! That was your first SAVE.

You can find it later in the SAVED section.
	 	 



We'll be sure to notify you of any updates - Exact Matches, Comments and more!

OK

  






BUY

  







  



LINKS
If you are suggesting a match for this product paste the link to it in the "SUGGEST A PRODUCT MATCH" field.Any other links can be included in the text of your comment by just pasting them in.
IMAGES
You can include images in your comment by pasting in an image link (e.g. http://media.giphy.com/media/Cf6KmzYYJAg8w/giphy.gif).If you have an image file on your computer, you can upload it to an image hosting site first (we recommend imgur.com) and use the link that they give you.

  










• Fisher Todd Graphic Design • Columbus • Ohio •                      USA   Columbus  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook        F Fisher Todd Graphic Design    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     771 Dearborn Park Ln, Columbus, Ohio    About Us     FISHER TODD GRAPHIC DESIGN | Columbus  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Fisher Todd Graphic Design   See phone loading...  614 430 9252    771 Dearborn Park Ln   Columbus, Ohio    GraphicsGraphic DesignersGraphic Design ServicesGraphic Design       







  Top Businesses         Dedicated Dog Training       Chicago Criminal Defense & Personal Injury Attorney Sal Sheikh       Pittsburgh SEO Magician       Evolution Hearing       The Barrera Law Firm, PLLC   







   Evaluations of Fisher Todd Graphic Design:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:4times viewed26times listed   Keywords: Graphics, Graphic Designers, Graphic Design Services, Graphic Design, Fisher Todd Graphic Design, Decorators & Designers, Columbus, Graphics Columbus, Graphic Designers Columbus, Graphic Design Services Columbus, Graphic Design Columbus, Fisher Todd Graphic Design Columbus, Decorators & Designers Columbus, Columbus Columbus Fisher Todd Graphic Design - Columbus - Ohio   







id0310005191180 Related Content for: Fisher Todd Graphic Design    YALE GRAPHIC DESIGN MFA 2011 / CATALOG - CIRCLE As both noun and verb, book and exhibition, CATALOG recasts the deconstructed components of finished design projects as new work. The result is an exhibition that is ...      D@MN: College of Design University of Minnesota Windows On Display at the Guthrie and Weisman This semester students in Juanjuan Wu's visual merchandising class worked with the Guthrie Theater and Weisman Art ...      YALE GRAPHIC DESIGN MFA 2011 / CATALOG - VENICE As both noun and verb, book and exhibition, CATALOG recasts the deconstructed components of finished design projects as new work. The result is an exhibition that is ...      Todd M. Glaser | Developer. Builder. Movie Maker In 2009, a historic townhouse on Manhattan’s Upper East Side hit the market for $28 million but didn’t sell. The listing recently got a price adjustment—to $35 ...      The Fisher Body Craftsman's Guild :: www.FisherGuild.com (Guestbook) This website features John L. Jacobus' book 'The Fisher Body Craftsman's Guild - An Illustrated History', published by McFarland Publishing. FBCG was a national auto ...      Paquimé: The Anasazi Rosetta Stone - CanyonsWorldwide/Grand ... Paquimé: The Anasazi Rosetta Stone , June 2004 , Richard D. Fisher with Kate Bauer - Research Associate,      Cincinnati Advertising Agency : Cincinnati Graphic Design ... The Cincinnati Ohio Creative Directory is intended to be a directory of every Advertising Agency, Graphic Design, Public Relations, Web Development, Illustrator, and ...      Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007) The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, a.k.a Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop down in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow ...      DC Superfriends Imaginext Bat Cave Playset - Fisher-Price - Batman ... DC Superfriends Imaginext Bat Cave Playset - Fisher-Price - Batman - Playsets - Holy cool playset, Batman! Secrets of the Bat Cave revealed! No Geraldo needed. A Bat ...      Suzanne Woods Fisher: Christian Fiction Author - Christianbook.com Christianbook.com: Suzanne Woods Fisher: Christian Fiction Author: Award-winning, best-selling author Suzanne Woods Fisher is the winner of the coveted Long ...      Savannah College of Art and Design - 2012-13 Equestrian Roster Image Full Name Class Hometown High School Major; Kaitlyn Anderson: So. Tupelo, MS: Tupelo HS: Industrial Design: Lindsay Baker: So. Baldwin Place, NY      Photos: Ian Fisher : American Soldier – - PlogPlog Photo Blog This is how an American soldier is made. For 27 months, Ian Fisher, his parents and friends, and the U.S. Army allowed Denver Post reporters and a photographer to ...      Sweeney Todd Razor with Pouch Prop Replica - NECA - Sweeney Todd ... Sweeney Todd Razor with Pouch Prop Replica - NECA - Sweeney Todd - Prop Replicas - Slice and dice with Sweeney Todd! Lifesize prop replica from the Oscar-winning film!      Cliff Fisher Electrical Palm Springs in Palm Springs, CA | 1036 E ... Cliff Fisher Electrical Palm Springs in Palm Springs, CA -- Map, Phone Number, Reviews, Photos and Video Profile for Palm Springs Cliff Fisher Electrical Palm Springs.      Tuesdays with Todd and Brad Reed Tuesdays with Todd and Brad Reed ~ Follow along each Tuesday as Todd and Brad share their shooting adventures      Shutter Island (2010) Drama set in 1954, U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels is investigating the disappearance of a murderess who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane and is presumed ...      OH Ohio Provider Directory - Design Quote: Compare Free Web Design ... Ohio OH Designers Service Providers ... View Little Treasures Heather Doucette, OH - USA: RATING: Coming Soon! View Rosetta      CA California Provider Directory - Design Quote: Compare Free Web ... California CA Designers Service Providers ... View DAS Technologies Dean Sowers, CA - USA: RATING: Coming Soon! View Pacific Pro Web & Multimedia      Jobs | one search. all jobs. Indeed Jobs: one search. all jobs. Indeed.com job search. Find millions of jobs from thousands of job boards, newspapers, classifieds and company websites on indeed.com      New Apostolic Reformation "Blasphemizing" The Bible by Sandy Simpson. This DVD is a message based on this article. I am going to go over an article I wrote back in 2006 in preparation for the ...     Fisher Todd Graphic Design771 Dearborn Park LnColumbusOhio614 430 9252     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.0882818698883064Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    Companies in Columbus Ohio USA               Companies in Columbus Ohio USA LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook www.tuugo.us    Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Columbus           CompaniesProducts +Publish for free Promote your Ad   Home   Ohio 














Alabama
(187,128)


Alaska
(69,639)


American Samoa
(20)


Arizona
(106,505)


Arkansas
(99,154)


California
(4,151)


Colorado
(54,953)


Connecticut
(25,389)


D.C.
(400)


Delaware
(7,461)


Federated States Of Micronesia
(26)


Florida
(141,033)


Georgia
(65,932)


Guam
(40)


Hawaii
(11,218)


Idaho
(10,735)


Illinois
(4,883)


Indiana
(30,205)


Iowa
(14,809)


Kansas
(16,893)


Kentucky
(20,091)


Louisiana
(29,007)


Maine
(5,183)


Marshall Islands
(5)


Maryland
(29,347)


Massachusetts
(48,079)


Michigan
(46,188)


Minnesota
(31,853)


Mississippi
(11,581)


Missouri
(35,383)


Montana
(6,710)


Nebraska
(11,773)


Nevada
(24,006)


New Hampshire
(7,337)


New Jersey
(59,334)


New Mexico
(10,947)


New York
(117,593)


North Carolina
(46,515)


North Dakota
(3,418)


Northern Mariana Islands
(7)


Ohio
(62,657)


Oklahoma
(21,815)


Oregon
(24,159)


Palau
(8)


Pennsylvania
(70,880)


Puerto Rico
(86)


Rhode Island
(6,792)


South Carolina
(23,290)


South Dakota
(4,515)


Tennessee
(31,645)


Texas
(165,961)


Utah
(15,676)


Vermont
(3,124)


Virgin Islands
(52)


Virginia
(39,120)


Washington
(67,030)


West Virginia
(4,699)


Wisconsin
(32,686)


Wyoming
(3,350)




   Columbus 














Aberdeen
(150)


Akron
(1,273)


Alliance
(145)


Amherst
(72)


Ashland
(203)


Ashtabula
(181)


Athens
(199)


Aurora
(173)


Avon
(101)


Avon Lake
(69)


Barberton
(126)


Batavia
(92)


Beachwood
(280)


Beavercreek
(101)


Bedford
(154)


Bellefontaine
(88)


Berea
(78)


Blue Ash
(130)


Bowling Green
(103)


Brecksville
(128)


Broadview Heights
(108)


Brook Park
(69)


Brookfield
(85)


Brunswick
(134)


Bryan
(84)


Bucyrus
(104)


Cambridge
(85)


Canal Winchester
(88)


Canfield
(99)


Canton
(652)


Celina
(93)


Centerville
(117)


Chagrin Falls
(228)


Chardon
(91)


Chillicothe
(146)


Cincinnati
(4,337)


Circleville
(90)


Cleveland
(3,970)


Cleveland Heights
(106)


Columbiana
(534)


Columbus
(6,652)


Coshocton
(86)


Cuyahoga Falls
(274)


Dayton
(2,749)


Delaware
(221)


Dublin
(357)


Eastlake
(68)


Elyria
(321)


Euclid
(151)


Fairborn
(121)


Fairfield
(324)


Fairlawn
(92)


Findlay
(307)


Franklin
(82)


Fremont
(108)


Gahanna
(113)


Galion
(72)


Girard
(73)


Granville
(248)


Greenville
(113)


Grove City
(236)


Hamilton
(319)


Hilliard
(305)


Hillsboro
(172)


Holland
(76)


Hudson
(110)


Independence
(139)


Kent
(200)


Kettering
(135)


Lakewood
(152)


Lancaster
(254)


Lebanon
(140)


Lewis Center
(109)


Liberty Township
(89)


Lima
(396)


Logan
(70)


London
(116)


Lorain
(192)


Loveland
(187)


Mansfield
(454)


Maple Heights
(98)


Marietta
(242)


Marion
(207)


Marysville
(128)


Mason
(177)


Massillon
(170)


Maumee
(127)


Medina
(339)


Mentor
(245)


Miamisburg
(86)


Middletown
(218)


Milford
(130)


Millersburg
(70)


Moraine
(143)


Mount Vernon
(133)


New Philadelphia
(119)


Newark
(225)


Niles
(97)


North Canton
(184)


North Olmsted
(106)


North Ridgeville
(80)


North Royalton
(151)


Norwalk
(78)


Painesville
(168)


Parma
(105)


Pataskala
(106)


Perrysburg
(131)


Pickerington
(115)


Piqua
(82)


Plain City
(87)


Port Clinton
(103)


Portsmouth
(97)


Powell
(93)


Ravenna
(108)


Reynoldsburg
(169)


ROCKY RIVER
(127)


Salem
(74)


Sandusky
(170)


Sidney
(147)


Solon
(203)


Springboro
(74)


Springfield
(270)


Steubenville
(127)


Stow
(92)


Strongsville
(244)


Sunbury
(70)


Sylvania
(125)


Tallmadge
(78)


Tiffin
(91)


Tipp City
(77)


Toledo
(2,764)


Toronto
(6,642)


Troy
(120)


Twinsburg
(105)


Urbana
(71)


Wadsworth
(133)


Wapakoneta
(82)


Warren
(309)


Washington Court House
(82)


West Chester Township
(187)


Westerville
(380)


Westlake
(228)


Wickliffe
(73)


Willoughby
(208)


Wilmington
(88)


Wooster
(173)


Worthington
(208)


Xenia
(122)


Youngstown
(679)


Zanesville
(214)




     Sort byBest RatedMost recentDistance Filtered By Ohiox Columbusx    By Categories   Agriculture, Fishing & Forestry   Farming equipment and services Fishing Forests General supplies and services Soil  Apparel & Accessories   Accesories Alterations and services businesses Clothing Footwear Uniforms  Art, Entertainment & Media   Amusement centres  Artists and entertainers Arts Circus, festivals and outdoor events Games, Hobbies and Parties Music Night life Radio Theatre Video, movies and television  Automotive   Accessories Motorcycles Motorized vehicles  New and used car dealers Parts and supplies Related services Repairs Roadside assistance  Construction & Renovation   Building materials & Equipment Chimneys Concrete, Cement & Paving Contractor Equipment & Services Design and Architecture Floors, Ceilings & Roofs Inspectors & Surveyors Painting & Plastering Plumbing & Piping  Education   Academic centers Service and Supplies Specialized Schools  Family & Community   Children and Child care Community Services & Organizations Business Pet Services Pet Supplies  Finance & Legal   Accounting Services Bank and Financial Services Financial Industry Supplies Insurance Investment services Legal Loans and Credit services business Retirement and Financial planning Taxes  Food & Beverages   Bars, Pubs & Cafes Beverages Desserts & Sweets Facilities and Services Foods General Restaurants  Health & Medicine   Alternative Health Care Dental Care Diet and Nutrition Doctors and Health Specialists Fitness and Exercise Health services Hospital & Clinics Long term Care Medical Products Equipment Physicians and Surgeons Therapy & Counselling Vision & Eye Care  Home & Garden   Accessories Appliances Cleaning Supplies & Services Cooling & Ventilating Doors Furniture Garden & Lawn Heating business Housewares Housing Providers Interior decoration Kitchen & Bath Supplies Lighting Moving and Storage Outdoor accessories and equipment Outdoor services Painting, Floor & Wall coverings Pest control Safety & Security  Industrial Supplies & Services   Adhesives, Chemicals, Inks, Dyes & Lubricants Amusement equipment and devices Cleaning Equipment, Supply & Services General supplies and services Heating, cooling, ventilation and air conditioning Hydraulics and pneumatics Industrial Electrical Supplies & Services Industrial food and beverage  Instruments – General Labels and labeling Locksmiths, locks and keys Machines, Machining Machinery Metals, metals working and metals products Oil, coal, fuels and natural gases Pipes, tubes, pumps, ducts and valves Plastics and rubber products and services Printing publishing Security and safety products Specialty equipment and supplies Textiles Tools Water Wood and paper  Personal Care   Barbers, Beauty salons & Spas Body art & Piercing Cosmetics Skin and Scalp Services & Products Supplies  Public utilities & Environment   Energy and power Environment Mining Public security Public utilities Waste  Real Estate & Insurance   Building management Insurance Business Real Estate  Shopping & Speciality Stores   Antiques Apparel & accessories Art supplies and services Books Boutiques Cigar, Cigarette & Tobacco Discount, used and rental goods Gifts and novelty  Party supplies and services Shopping services and supplies  Sports & Recreation   Associations and clubs Boat and watersport Camping Games Golf Individual sports Racquet Sports Sport services Sporting goods Stadiums and sporting facilities Team sports  Technology   Communication Services & Equipment Computer Equipment Computer Services Electronic Services & Equipment Information systems Internet  Transportation   Aircrafts and airports Boats and marine Mass and public transportation Special Transportation Services Trucking and freight  Travel & Lodging   Lodging Transport Travel agencies    







      Featured Ad.How to feature my Ad?        Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Marcy Design Group     2461 East Main Street | 43209     See phone loading...  +1 614-224-6226      See fax loading... +1 614-522-6177         Contact         Web Design, Marketing, Advertising, Social Media, Digital Marketing  







   T     Based on 2 Evaluations  Add to My list Added      Tallen Tax Group     2395 Silver Dr, Suite #6 | 43211     See phone loading...  (614) 654-1266             Contact                             Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Fixposure: Specialized photo processing image processing     215 Dakota Ave | 43223     See phone loading...  330-205-4462             Contact         Photo Processing, Image Processing, process photography, professional photo editor, watermark photos, photo developing near me, Photo Effects, Art           Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Jones Key Masters     665 E Dublin Granville Rd #407 | 43229     See phone loading...  614-915-0609             Contact  See products         locksmith columbus ohio, columbus locksmith, locksmith Columbus, locksmith in columbus ohio, locksmith columbus oh, locksmith in columbus oh, Locksmith, Lockout           Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Total Xpress     1860 Williams Road | 43207     See phone loading...  6143333829             Contact         Regional Trucking Company, LTl Load Board, Largest intermodal Companies, Intermodal Trucking Company, Top intermodal Companies, Cartage Companies, Local Cartage, TRANSPORT BROKERS           Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Dedicated Solutions LLC     535 Scherers CT, franklin | 43085     See phone loading...  8007756958             Contact         Dedicated Server, Private Cloud, Colocation, Managed Services, Custom Solutions      T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Bright Tax Lawyers of Columbus     1591 Bradley Park Dr, Suite #8 | 31904     See phone loading...  (706) 223-1965             Contact                        T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Demars Tax Defenders     910 Brown Ave, Suite #8 | 31906     See phone loading...  (706) 223-1968             Contact                        T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The Baskin Lawyers of Columbus     777 Neil Ave, Suite #6 | 43215     See phone loading...  (614) 664-9908             Contact                             Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Glass Table Tops     813 Phillipi Road, Columbus Ohio, USA | 43228     See phone loading...  1 888- 474-2221      See fax loading... (614) 779-0700         Contact         Glass Table Tops, Patio Glass Table Top, Glass Table Tops Replacement, Custom Cut Glass, Custom Cut Mirror, Round Wall Mirror, Oval Wall Mirror, Color glass table tops           Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Locksmith Columbus OH     3445 S High St | 43207     See phone loading...  614-233-1683             Contact         locksmith      T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Timmons Tax Advisors     2781 Eakin Rd, Suite #8 | 43204     See phone loading...  (614) 254-6403             Contact                             Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      services Columbus     6867 E Broad St | 43213     See phone loading...  614-427-3179             Contact         Locksmith           Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      locksmiths Columbus     316 W Lane Ave | 43201     See phone loading...  866-291-9457             Contact         locksmith      C     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Columbus Back Tax Lawyers     59 Spruce Street Suite #6 | 43215     See phone loading...  (216) 273-6841             Contact                        T     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      The White Tax Relief Network     59 Spruce St, Suite #6 | 43215     See phone loading...  (216) 273-6838             Contact                        A     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      A. Hill Tax Attorney     2000 E Main St, Suite #8 | 43205     See phone loading...  (614) 356-9028             Contact         West Bend DUI Attorney      S     Based on 1 evaluation  Add to My list Added      Salas Tax Help Group     6007 E Main St, Suite #8 | 43213     See phone loading...  (614) 254-6404             Contact                             Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      NiftyWoof     3334 Lowes Alley , OH 740-251-8056 | 43201     See phone loading...  740-251-8056      See mobile loading... 740-251-8056         Contact         dog clothes cheap, yorkie clothes, Designer Dog Clothes           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Bennett Recovery     22 E Gay Street 600 | 43215     See phone loading...  (614) 468-3307             Contact         Drug Rehab Center           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Grossman Law Offices     32 West Hoster Street Suite 100 | 43215     See phone loading...  (614) 344-4311             Contact         Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Alimony, Child Support, Family Law Attorney, Divorce Attorney, Divorce Lawyer      C     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Chester Law Group     Mettler Toledo, 1900 Polaris Pkwy #450 | 43240     See phone loading...  (614) 245-5620             Contact         Car Accident Lawyer           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Arya Modeling     2767 Dover Rd | 43209     See phone loading...  614-749-2318             Contact         Modeling, modeling Lifestyle, Models           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Trevi Technology, Inc.     1029 Dublin Road | 43215     See phone loading...  (614) 754-7175      See fax loading... (614) 586-8147         Contact  See products         Ophthalmic Equipment, Slit Lamps, Tonometer, Refractor, Acuity Chart, Keratometer, Slit Lamp Imaging, Optical Coherence Tomography           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Columbus Worthington Air     6363 Fiesta Drive | 43235     See phone loading...  (614) 524-4321             Contact         Hvac, Air Conditioning, Contractor, Heating  







  12345678910 Next       Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Columbus        About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlogTuugo Language:  AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSvenskaTiếng ViệtČeštinaΕλληνικάРусскийУкраїнськаภาษาไทย中文 (简写)日本語한국말 0.665472984313963 Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo 


    

 






































































































R Todd Fisher - 34 Photos & 50 Reviews - Barbers - 4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX - Phone Number - Services - Yelp


  























                        Skip to Search Form
                    dbzdyzavwuaas



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

                












                Air Conditioning & Heating
        





                Contractors
        





                Electricians
        





                Home Cleaners
        





                Landscapers
        





                Locksmiths
        





                Movers
        





                Painters
        





                Plumbers
        














            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 









50






4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723


        (512) 476-6633
    






Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. 

The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. 

Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? 

I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.







I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.

The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  

I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  

You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!







I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.

'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.

I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.

Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.

Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.

A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.







The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). 

The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. 

The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. 

The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.







It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. 

I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.







I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. 

The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.







Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.

The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.

I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.

I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.

So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.







Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.







Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.







Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.







Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. 

I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. 

He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!







Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. 

I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. 

Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. 

That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.

Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. 

If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.







Todd has been my barber for the past year.
Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.
Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. 
Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.
Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. 
The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.
Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.







Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. 

Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. 

The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.

If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.







I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.







Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.

If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.

Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)







I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!







This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.

SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.

Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.







RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!







Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!







            R Todd Fisher
        





Claimed
    


            This business has been claimed by the owner or a representative.
                Learn more










            50 reviews
    







         Details
        , Opens a popup

Rating details






$$


Barbers






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











R Todd Fisher


        4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX 78723
    




Get directions


























Edit




        4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (512) 476-6633
    






 
Business website
rtoddfisher.com









Send to your Phone







Beauty & Spas



Barbers

















Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States









Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States























        See all 34 photos
    

























            “Appointments are kept on time
Great Haircuts
Reasonable Prices
Good conversation

Todd delivers on all of these.” in 4 reviews













            “The man is an artist, and his new location at Peacock Salon surrounds him with amazing talent.” in 3 reviews













            “If you want to look good, feel confident in yourself, and get the BEST Hair cutting experience ever in your life!” in 2 reviews




























        Ad
    

Gabrielle’s Salon and Extensions Boutique






            28 reviews
    







5.1 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Janae L. said
    
    "I love Gabrielle's!! I moved from Michigan and finding a place that you can trust to do your hair is hard. After reading the reviews on yelp and Facebook, I made an appointment for a shampoo and deep…"
            
read more



            in Hair Extensions, Barbers, Nail Salons
        















        Ad
    

Geiser Barbering






            52 reviews
    







4.7 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Ricardo G. said
    
    "If you want a barber who is going to take his time and focus on the details when giving you a hair cut then this is the place. The attention provided to each customer is second to none and the price is in…"
            
read more



            in Barbers
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about R Todd Fisher.
            
Ask a Question




Recommended Reviews for R Todd Fisher












Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more.




                    ×
                










Search within the reviews


















Yelp Sort













Yelp Sort




Newest First




Oldest First




Highest Rated




Lowest Rated




Elites
















English (50)













English
(50)






























Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Start your review of R Todd Fisher.
                



















Kyle M.


Austin, TX









51 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kyle M.
        












            Stop following Kyle M.
        














        5/22/2017
    

Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian S.


Austin, TX









2 friends
        






9 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian S.
        












            Stop following Brian S.
        














        4/24/2017
    

I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Derek W.


Kirkland, WA









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek W.
        












            Stop following Derek W.
        














        4/18/2017
    

I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Zander D.


Inner Sunset, San Francisco, CA









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        






1 photo
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Zander D.
        












            Stop following Zander D.
        














        3/8/2017
    

The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
1








 Cool
























Hunter R.


Austin, TX









58 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Hunter R.
        












            Stop following Hunter R.
        














        4/18/2017
    

It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jason A.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jason A.
        












            Stop following Jason A.
        














        4/16/2017
    

I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Caleb C.


Lubbock, TX









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Caleb C.
        












            Stop following Caleb C.
        














        4/11/2017
    

Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























robert M.


Austin, TX









86 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow robert M.
        












            Stop following robert M.
        














        4/25/2017
    

Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Katherine P.


Austin, TX









37 friends
        






18 reviews
        






11 photos
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Katherine P.
        












            Stop following Katherine P.
        














        4/27/2017
    

Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Conkyjo r.


Las Vegas, NV









0 friends
        






7 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Conkyjo r.
        












            Stop following Conkyjo r.
        














        6/7/2017
    

Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jeff E.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeff E.
        












            Stop following Jeff E.
        














        4/21/2017
    

Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























John C.


Boulder, CO









0 friends
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow John C.
        












            Stop following John C.
        














        10/27/2016
    

Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
4








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























Derek E.


Austin, TX









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek E.
        












            Stop following Derek E.
        














        4/15/2017
    

Todd has been my barber for the past year.Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Kent L.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kent L.
        












            Stop following Kent L.
        














        4/17/2017
    

Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Aaron F.


Austin, TX









107 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Aaron F.
        












            Stop following Aaron F.
        














        4/15/2017
    

I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Matt B.


Austin, TX









4 friends
        






50 reviews
        






10 photos
            

Elite ’17















            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Matt B.
        












            Stop following Matt B.
        














        12/23/2015
    

Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
2








 Funny









 Cool
























Justin K.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Justin K.
        












            Stop following Justin K.
        














        5/15/2017
    

I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Nick H.


Galena, IL









289 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Nick H.
        












            Stop following Nick H.
        














        8/18/2016
    

This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
1








 Funny









 Cool
























Jeremy N.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeremy N.
        












            Stop following Jeremy N.
        














        4/19/2017
    

RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian C.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian C.
        












            Stop following Brian C.
        














        4/16/2017
    

Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool















        Page 1 of 3
    



1



                            2
                        



                            3
                        



Next















                    9 other reviews that are not currently recommended
            





                                    You Might Also Consider
                            













        Ad
    

Dolce






            88 reviews
    







5.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Lindsay M. said
    
    "Let me start off by saying that this review is LONG overdue! I moved to Austin a few months back and was in desperate need of some hair-therapy. I have extremely thick, frizzy and damaged hair that…"
            
read more



            in Skin Care, Spray Tanning, Hair Salons
        















        Ad
    

Bradz Salon & Day Spa






            74 reviews
    







2.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Juanita F. said
    
    "I've been a long time customer/patron of Bradz (6+ years) and I've had my good experiences and I've had my bad experiences. I have stopped going there to get my hair highlighted or colored because of the…"
            
read more



            in Day Spas, Hair Salons
        









Business info summary












Today

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Open now













 Services





$$



Price range

                        Moderate
                    









            Hours
        
By appointment only



Mon

            Closed
        




Tue

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Wed

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Thu

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Fri

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm


Open now



Sat

11:00 am - 5:00 pm





Sun

            Closed
        










Edit business info
    



Services




Standard Haircut


                $50.00
            



Deluxe Haircut


                $60.00
            



Haircut & Grey Blending


                $90.00
            


View all services


More business info





                                Accepts Credit Cards
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Apple Pay
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Android Pay
                            

                                No
                            



                                Parking
                            

                                Street
                            



                                Bike Parking
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                By Appointment Only
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Gender Neutral Restrooms
                            

                                Yes
                            



















 Bob P.

                    First to review
                



From the business

                            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services


            

                Learn more about R Todd Fisher
                , Opens a popup



Specialties

            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services
        










Report






                                    You might also consider
                            













        Ad
    

Marchica’s Barbershop






            11 reviews
    







6.1 Miles










Peter M. said
    
    "Lynese of Marchica's Barbershop has been doing my…"
            
read more

















        Ad
    

CJ Hair Restoration






            14 reviews
    










A K. said
    
    "My husband and I relocated to the Austin area late last fall.…"
            
read more








People also viewed












Adolph’s Barber Shop






            69 reviews
    


                I think I lucked out on my first visit and got Maria.
            














Luis’ Corner Barber Shop






            78 reviews
    


                Thanks so much Luis, Gabriel, and everyone else there!
            














Floyd’s 99 Barbershop






            104 reviews
    


                The best part was the hot towel and the neck shave with a straight edge.
            






Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all





People found R Todd Fisher by searching for…


Best Mens Haircut Austin


Cheap Mens Haircut Austin










Rating Details





Monthly Trend






2017




2016




2015




2014




2013










                        Understand how a business’ rating changes month-to-month. Learn more.
                    

Overall Rating
Yelping since 2012 with 50 reviews



                    5 stars
                






46






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                






1






                    1 star
                






3





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















R Todd Fisher







50 reviews
    



$$


Barbers


Austin, TX




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    






































 






































































































R Todd Fisher - 34 Photos & 50 Reviews - Barbers - 4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX - Phone Number - Services - Yelp


  























                        Skip to Search Form
                    dbzdyzavwuaas



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 









50






4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723


        (512) 476-6633
    






Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. 

The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. 

Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? 

I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.







I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.

The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  

I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  

You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!







I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.

'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.

I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.

Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.

Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.

A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.







The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). 

The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. 

The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. 

The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.







It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. 

I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.







I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. 

The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.







Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.

The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.

I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.

I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.

So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.







Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.







Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.







Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.







Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. 

I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. 

He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!







Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. 

I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. 

Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. 

That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.

Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. 

If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.







Todd has been my barber for the past year.
Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.
Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. 
Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.
Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. 
The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.
Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.







Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. 

Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. 

The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.

If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.







I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.







Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.

If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.

Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)







I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!







This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.

SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.

Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.







RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!







Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!







            R Todd Fisher
        





Claimed
    


            This business has been claimed by the owner or a representative.
                Learn more










            50 reviews
    







         Details
        , Opens a popup

Rating details






$$


Barbers






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











R Todd Fisher


        4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX 78723
    




Get directions


























Edit




        4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (512) 476-6633
    






 
Business website
rtoddfisher.com









Send to your Phone







Beauty & Spas



Barbers

















Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States









Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States























        See all 34 photos
    

























            “Appointments are kept on time
Great Haircuts
Reasonable Prices
Good conversation

Todd delivers on all of these.” in 4 reviews













            “The man is an artist, and his new location at Peacock Salon surrounds him with amazing talent.” in 3 reviews













            “If you want to look good, feel confident in yourself, and get the BEST Hair cutting experience ever in your life!” in 2 reviews




























        Ad
    

Gabrielle’s Salon and Extensions Boutique






            28 reviews
    







5.1 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Betsy G. said
    
    "After a great recommendation from a former employee and an awesome barber, Raymond Walker (he made my son's afro beautiful) and as I lamented that after 4.5 years I had found nowhere in Austin to take my…"
            
read more



            in Nail Salons, Barbers, Hair Extensions
        















        Ad
    

Geiser Barbering






            52 reviews
    







4.7 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Ricardo G. said
    
    "If you want a barber who is going to take his time and focus on the details when giving you a hair cut then this is the place. The attention provided to each customer is second to none and the price is in…"
            
read more



            in Barbers
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about R Todd Fisher.
            
Ask a Question




Recommended Reviews for R Todd Fisher












Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more.




                    ×
                










Search within the reviews


















Yelp Sort













Yelp Sort




Newest First




Oldest First




Highest Rated




Lowest Rated




Elites
















English (50)













English
(50)






























Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Start your review of R Todd Fisher.
                



















Kyle M.


Austin, TX









51 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kyle M.
        












            Stop following Kyle M.
        














        5/22/2017
    

Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian S.


Austin, TX









2 friends
        






9 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian S.
        












            Stop following Brian S.
        














        4/24/2017
    

I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Derek W.


Kirkland, WA









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek W.
        












            Stop following Derek W.
        














        4/18/2017
    

I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Zander D.


Inner Sunset, San Francisco, CA









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        






1 photo
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Zander D.
        












            Stop following Zander D.
        














        3/8/2017
    

The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
1








 Cool
























Hunter R.


Austin, TX









58 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Hunter R.
        












            Stop following Hunter R.
        














        4/18/2017
    

It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jason A.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jason A.
        












            Stop following Jason A.
        














        4/16/2017
    

I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Caleb C.


Lubbock, TX









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Caleb C.
        












            Stop following Caleb C.
        














        4/11/2017
    

Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























robert M.


Austin, TX









86 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow robert M.
        












            Stop following robert M.
        














        4/25/2017
    

Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Katherine P.


Austin, TX









37 friends
        






18 reviews
        






11 photos
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Katherine P.
        












            Stop following Katherine P.
        














        4/27/2017
    

Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Conkyjo r.


Las Vegas, NV









0 friends
        






7 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Conkyjo r.
        












            Stop following Conkyjo r.
        














        6/7/2017
    

Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jeff E.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeff E.
        












            Stop following Jeff E.
        














        4/21/2017
    

Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























John C.


Boulder, CO









0 friends
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow John C.
        












            Stop following John C.
        














        10/27/2016
    

Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
4








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























Derek E.


Austin, TX









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek E.
        












            Stop following Derek E.
        














        4/15/2017
    

Todd has been my barber for the past year.Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Kent L.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kent L.
        












            Stop following Kent L.
        














        4/17/2017
    

Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Aaron F.


Austin, TX









107 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Aaron F.
        












            Stop following Aaron F.
        














        4/15/2017
    

I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Matt B.


Austin, TX









4 friends
        






50 reviews
        






10 photos
            

Elite ’17















            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Matt B.
        












            Stop following Matt B.
        














        12/23/2015
    

Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
2








 Funny









 Cool
























Justin K.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Justin K.
        












            Stop following Justin K.
        














        5/15/2017
    

I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Nick H.


Galena, IL









289 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Nick H.
        












            Stop following Nick H.
        














        8/18/2016
    

This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
1








 Funny









 Cool
























Jeremy N.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeremy N.
        












            Stop following Jeremy N.
        














        4/19/2017
    

RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian C.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian C.
        












            Stop following Brian C.
        














        4/16/2017
    

Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool















        Page 1 of 3
    



1



                            2
                        



                            3
                        



Next















                    9 other reviews that are not currently recommended
            





                                    You Might Also Consider
                            













        Ad
    

Dolce






            88 reviews
    







5.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Lindsay M. said
    
    "Let me start off by saying that this review is LONG overdue! I moved to Austin a few months back and was in desperate need of some hair-therapy. I have extremely thick, frizzy and damaged hair that…"
            
read more



            in Hair Salons, Spray Tanning, Skin Care
        















        Ad
    

Bradz Salon & Day Spa






            74 reviews
    







2.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Jaynee W. said
    
    "Fantastique! I went in about a month ago. Let's see it was 1pm on a Wednesday, could they fit me that day? Why yes of course! By 4pm, I was seated and getting a consult with the ever observant, detail…"
            
read more



            in Day Spas, Hair Salons
        









Business info summary












Today

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Open now













 Services





$$



Price range

                        Moderate
                    









            Hours
        
By appointment only



Mon

            Closed
        




Tue

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Wed

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Thu

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Fri

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm


Open now



Sat

11:00 am - 5:00 pm





Sun

            Closed
        










Edit business info
    



Services




Haircut & Grey Blending


                $90.00
            



Deluxe Haircut


                $60.00
            



Standard Haircut


                $50.00
            


View all services


More business info





                                Accepts Credit Cards
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Apple Pay
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Android Pay
                            

                                No
                            



                                Parking
                            

                                Street
                            



                                Bike Parking
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                By Appointment Only
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Gender Neutral Restrooms
                            

                                Yes
                            



















 Bob P.

                    First to review
                



From the business

                            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services


            

                Learn more about R Todd Fisher
                , Opens a popup



Specialties

            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services
        










Report






                                    You might also consider
                            













        Ad
    

Marchica’s Barbershop






            11 reviews
    







6.1 Miles










Peter M. said
    
    "Lynese of Marchica's Barbershop has been doing my…"
            
read more

















        Ad
    

CJ Hair Restoration






            14 reviews
    










A K. said
    
    "My husband and I relocated to the Austin area late last fall.…"
            
read more








People also viewed












Adolph’s Barber Shop






            69 reviews
    


                I think I lucked out on my first visit and got Maria.
            














Luis’ Corner Barber Shop






            78 reviews
    


                Thanks so much Luis, Gabriel, and everyone else there!
            














Floyd’s 99 Barbershop






            104 reviews
    


                The best part was the hot towel and the neck shave with a straight edge.
            






Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all





People found R Todd Fisher by searching for…


Best Mens Haircut Austin


Cheap Mens Haircut Austin










Rating Details





Monthly Trend






2017




2016




2015




2014




2013










                        Understand how a business’ rating changes month-to-month. Learn more.
                    

Overall Rating
Yelping since 2012 with 50 reviews



                    5 stars
                






46






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                






1






                    1 star
                






3





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















R Todd Fisher







50 reviews
    



$$


Barbers


Austin, TX




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    






































 












































































Beauty & Spas in Austin - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    dbzdyzavwuaas



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        










 








The Best of Yelp







Best Beauty & Spas in Austin











Mosaic









List




















1.         Shaman Modifications Body Piercing Studio








            298 reviews
    










                        I had my septum pierced by Danae and it was an amazing experience!
                














2.         Zen Blend Mind + Body Spa








            108 reviews
    










                        I can go on and on about Zen Blend and Amber and Kristi!
                














3.         Beautiful Me








            201 reviews
    










Tracy is so smart and knowledgeable with her laser.
                














4.         Austin Ashiatsu








            98 reviews
    










Andrea is petite, but I was amazed at her power and skill.
                
















5.         Blush








            117 reviews
    










                        I walk out of Blush smooth as a baby and Angie's results last.
                














6.         L7 Salon








            132 reviews
    










                        I saw Jillian and she was so sweet and cut my hair exactly how I like it.
                














7.         Mom’s Tattoos








            90 reviews
    










                        Awesome work  today done by Jordan and Sarah.
                














8.         Salon Sovay








            185 reviews
    










Shea McJagger at Salon Sovay is a revelation and a godsend.
                











Shaman Modifications Body Piercing Studio





            298 reviews
    



Shaman Modifications Body Piercing Studio






Salon Sovay





            185 reviews
    



Salon Sovay






Austin Ashiatsu





            98 reviews
    



Austin Ashiatsu






Zen Blend Mind + Body Spa





            108 reviews
    



Zen Blend Mind + Body Spa






Beautiful Me





            201 reviews
    



Beautiful Me




Search for more Beauty & Spas







Austin Neighborhoods





78704 (South Austin)
Allandale
Arboretum
Bouldin Creek
Downtown
East Austin
Far West/Northwest Hills
Great Hills


Oltorf/East Riverside
Rosedale
South Lamar District
Southeast Austin
University of Texas
Warehouse District
West Campus
Westlake Hills




More Neighborhoods





Prices





$


$$




$$$


$$$$







Features





Accepts Bitcoin
Accepts Credit Cards


By Appointment Only
Wheelchair Accessible













Fresh Beauty & Spas Reviews













Nicole R. wrote a review for     Innate Beauty Medical Spa








        7/21/2017
    


                I received microblading by someone who rents a room out at innate beauty and spa. I got the first treatment done and paid in…
                Read more















Yolanda B. wrote a review for     The Waxing Studio








        7/21/2017
    


                I used to visit a chain waxing studio, but I noticed my hair would come back within 2 weeks and worse than before. When I…
                Read more















Anna N. wrote a review for     Raven Row Salon








        7/21/2017
    


                Look at the pictures and judge for yourself. I used red color out of the box 10 months ago. I have been to Raven Row twice. The…
                Read more















Sandra B. wrote a review for     Spoleti Salon








        7/21/2017
    


                I had the pleasure of getting my hair done here a few days ago. I absolutely love it! I've been waiting to find a place that is…
                Read more










Recent Photos


















































Categories




Acne Treatment
Barbers
Blow Dry/Out Services
Cosmetics & Beauty Supply
Day Spas
Eyebrow Services




Eyelash Service
Hair Extensions
Hair Loss Centers
Hair Removal
Hair Salons
Hair Stylists




Hot Springs
Laser Hair Removal
Makeup Artists
Massage
Medical Spas
Men's Hair Salons




Nail Salons
Nail Technicians
Perfume
Permanent Makeup
Piercing




Rolfing
Skin Care
Spray Tanning
Sugaring
Tanning




Tanning Beds
Tattoo
Teeth Whitening
Threading Services
Waxing















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    





































 












































































Barbers in Austin - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    dbzdyzavwuaas



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

                












                Air Conditioning & Heating
        





                Contractors
        





                Electricians
        





                Home Cleaners
        





                Landscapers
        





                Locksmiths
        





                Movers
        





                Painters
        





                Plumbers
        














            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        










 










Beauty & Spas








 Barbers









Best Barbers in Austin











Mosaic









List




















1.         South Austin Barber Shop








            62 reviews
    










Ramses is a wizard with the scissors and razor!
                














2.         SHED Barber and Supply








            96 reviews
    










                        Also went for the beard trim and was completely satisfied by the work he did.
                














3.         Geiser Barbering








            52 reviews
    










Nick is a true barber in every sense of the word.
                














4.         The Grand Barbershop








            79 reviews
    










Gabriel has now given me two cuts and each one is stellar.
                
















5.         Luis’ Corner Barber Shop








            78 reviews
    










                        Thanks so much Luis, Gabriel, and everyone else there!
                














6.         Ron King Salon








            137 reviews
    










                        There aren't enough amazing things to say about Kati at Ron King!
                














7.         Skinny’s barber shop








            39 reviews
    










                        I've seen Tasha the most and she blends extremely well.
                














8.         Short Hair Company








            34 reviews
    










Damien gives a sharp ass cut and is also a great dude.
                











Geiser Barbering





            52 reviews
    



Geiser Barbering






Luis’ Corner Barber Shop





            78 reviews
    



Luis’ Corner Barber Shop






South Austin Barber Shop





            62 reviews
    



South Austin Barber Shop






SHED Barber and Supply





            96 reviews
    



SHED Barber and Supply






The Grand Barbershop





            79 reviews
    



The Grand Barbershop




Search for more Barbers







Austin Neighborhoods





78704 (South Austin)
Allandale
Arboretum
Bouldin Creek
Downtown
East Austin
Far West/Northwest Hills
Great Hills


Oltorf/East Riverside
Rosedale
South Lamar District
Southeast Austin
University of Texas
Warehouse District
West Campus
Westlake Hills




More Neighborhoods





Prices





$


$$




$$$


$$$$







Features





Accepts Bitcoin
Accepts Credit Cards


By Appointment Only
Wheelchair Accessible













Fresh Barbers Reviews













Jiye S. wrote a review for     JC Barber Shop








        7/21/2017
    


                Friendly service and Awesome haircut experience! They cut my husband hair really well for cheap!
                Read more















Tj B. wrote a review for     Kirby the Barber








        7/21/2017
    


                Downtown for the day and needed a fresh cut. I found Kirby the Barber and was able to get a quick appointment. It was within…
                Read more















Greg A. wrote a review for     Kirby the Barber








        7/21/2017
    


                Really enjoyed my first experience.   Can't believe I haven't been before.  I went to Kirby the Son and it was great.   Thanks…
                Read more















James B. wrote a review for     Langley’s Barber & Salon








        7/21/2017
    


                Went in for a haircut yesterday at 5pm. My request was plain and simple- I like this length and I'm trying to grow it out, just…
                Read more










Recent Photos









































































About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    





































 






































































































R Todd Fisher - 34 Photos & 50 Reviews - Barbers - 4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX - Phone Number - Services - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    dbzdyzavwuaas



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 









50






4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723


        (512) 476-6633
    






Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. 

The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. 

Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? 

I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.







I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.

The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  

I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  

You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!







I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.

'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.

I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.

Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.

Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.

A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.







The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). 

The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. 

The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. 

The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.







It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. 

I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.







I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. 

The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.







Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.

The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.

I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.

I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.

So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.







Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.







Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.







Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.







Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. 

I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. 

He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!







Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. 

I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. 

Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. 

That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.

Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. 

If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.







Todd has been my barber for the past year.
Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.
Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. 
Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.
Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. 
The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.
Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.







Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. 

Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. 

The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.

If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.







I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.







Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.

If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.

Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)







I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!







This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.

SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.

Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.







RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!







Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!







            R Todd Fisher
        





Claimed
    


            This business has been claimed by the owner or a representative.
                Learn more










            50 reviews
    







         Details
        , Opens a popup

Rating details






$$


Barbers






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











R Todd Fisher


        4646 Mueller Blvd, Austin, TX 78723
    




Get directions


























Edit




        4646 Mueller BlvdSte 1049Austin, TX 78723
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (512) 476-6633
    






 
Business website
rtoddfisher.com









Send to your Phone







Beauty & Spas



Barbers

















Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States









Photo of R Todd Fisher - Austin, TX, United States























        See all 34 photos
    

























            “Appointments are kept on time
Great Haircuts
Reasonable Prices
Good conversation

Todd delivers on all of these.” in 4 reviews













            “The man is an artist, and his new location at Peacock Salon surrounds him with amazing talent.” in 3 reviews













            “If you want to look good, feel confident in yourself, and get the BEST Hair cutting experience ever in your life!” in 2 reviews




























        Ad
    

Gabrielle’s Salon and Extensions Boutique






            28 reviews
    







5.1 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Betsy G. said
    
    "After a great recommendation from a former employee and an awesome barber, Raymond Walker (he made my son's afro beautiful) and as I lamented that after 4.5 years I had found nowhere in Austin to take my…"
            
read more



            in Barbers, Nail Salons, Hair Extensions
        















        Ad
    

Geiser Barbering






            52 reviews
    







4.7 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Ricardo G. said
    
    "If you want a barber who is going to take his time and focus on the details when giving you a hair cut then this is the place. The attention provided to each customer is second to none and the price is in…"
            
read more



            in Barbers
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about R Todd Fisher.
            
Ask a Question




Recommended Reviews for R Todd Fisher












Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more.




                    ×
                










Search within the reviews


















Yelp Sort













Yelp Sort




Newest First




Oldest First




Highest Rated




Lowest Rated




Elites
















English (50)













English
(50)






























Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Start your review of R Todd Fisher.
                



















Kyle M.


Austin, TX









51 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kyle M.
        












            Stop following Kyle M.
        














        5/22/2017
    

Todd is the man. After moving back to Austin, it took me a while to find the right barber and luckily the best one in town had just set up shop around the corner from my house. The place is immaculate - definitely the style that I'd want to have in my own house. And he always has good music on. Character-wise, I'm not sure why some people have said he's an a-hole. Is he the most affable person in the world? Probably not. But he's hilarious, and you just have to get him started. One time he and I rescued some baby birds that were separated from their mother and trying to cross a busy street in front of his shop. Would an a-hole do that? I've been going every month for the last two years, and I hope that he renews his lease so that I can keep going there for many years to come.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian S.


Austin, TX









2 friends
        






9 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian S.
        












            Stop following Brian S.
        














        4/24/2017
    

I've been coming to get my haircut here for a little over a year and Todd never fails to make me look my absolute best.  I receive frequent compliments on my hair from strangers and I've referred several friends here as well.  Todd takes great pride in his work and is very meticulous and consistent.  I always walk out of here feeling great and knowing I look good.The shop is very clean and stylish.  I love the decor and music.  It really feels like a more classical barbershop. Todd keeps a supply of top-notch, hand-picked products in stock.  I've switched over to using what he carries and I've never looked back.  I'm also thoroughly impressed at Todd's desire to improve his craft.  He goes to trade shows all over the world to learn new techniques and sample the latest products.  It definitely shows in the quality of his haircuts too.  You will not be disappointed at R Todd Fisher!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Derek W.


Kirkland, WA









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek W.
        












            Stop following Derek W.
        














        4/18/2017
    

I've been Todd's client for seven years. He's the kind of man you're jealous of because he makes a living off his talent. What he does for a living and what he's really good at are one and the same.'Remarkably gifted' is another way to put him. I've walked into a bar and had total strangers approach me and ask, "where'd you get your hair done?" For years I've received compliments from friends old and new because of his work. He's not rushed. He's precise, meticulous. The standard haircut service is a 45 to 60 minute affair. He will go over time if it isn't flawless. He will get the fade, blend, or 'disconnect' perfect. The portfolio on his site shows how well he does polished, classic, and modern styles. Not only is that true, but he can just as easily do more 'messy' and 'edgy' looks, which I'm often after. Outside of business hours, he's continuing to refine his craft by traveling and attending various conferences to consume and learn as much as he can. And it's paid off, clearly. He now has his own place, he chooses his own product, he has his own apprentices. You really ought to try him.I enjoy my visits to his shop. He was clearly taught the art of Southern hospitality. He'll greet you with a hug, offer you a drink. In the chair he's smart, has an attractive sense of humor, he's conversational and charming. But if all you want is to relax quietly, he's just as sensitive to that as well. His store is never noisy. It's never crowded. It's never rushed.Todd also stocks quality product, including my new favorites Imperial and Layrite. For years I've preferred Kevin Murphy, but I've switched to both of these alternatives at his recommendation, and I love them.Other yelpers have already mentioned the various positives, and I agree: clean and attractive storefront, excellent taste in music selections, online scheduling is easy (Todd will schedule for you at the store if you can't). Tip: Bring cash to avoid a small card fee when paying.A final reflection: On most occasions I try my best to 'trick' Todd into giving me a bad haircut. It's never worked. I'll arrive with some wild idea about 'what I want to try next' with my hair. I'm also a terrible communicator. None of this really hinders Todd in the slightest. He listens, talks me through it, makes a couple suggestions of his own, and then works his magic. All these years I've never sat in the chair feeling 'nervous'. Only excited. And all these years I've never gotten out of the chair feeling upset, only happy.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Zander D.


Inner Sunset, San Francisco, CA









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        






1 photo
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Zander D.
        












            Stop following Zander D.
        














        3/8/2017
    

The two stars is for elegant interior design, good music, and complimentary drinks. I'm a pretty particular guy. I'm an eye surgeon in training, a model, and a man with a unique style who knows what he wants. I payed up this time ($50 vs $30) to experience a cut by the owner himself, Todd. I walked in with a mini-man-bun-length hair and showed him multiple pictures of exactly the look I desired (the style sported by Christian Bale in American Psycho and Matt Bomer in White Collar - both pretty consistent, elegant, and classic, relatively long-haired looks, all-around shorter than my initial length). The cut I received looks like Rachel Maddow's (short on the sides & back and longer on the top, still significantly shorter than my goal). Now, she's a handsome lady and my cut is not objectively bad- it's just not the one I ordered. Imagine going to a restaurant, ordering a $50 steak and receiving a fish filet instead. Will I survive, and do I still look presentable? Yes. It will, however, take me months to grow my hair out to my desired length. The other thing that irked me is the attitude I received. "How old is that picture? Don't you want a hair-do in style?" I replied, "I have my own style." The response- "Then why are you showing me pics of someone else's?" Todd my man, a picture is worth a thousand words. If I was sporting the cut in the pic, I wouldn't be sitting in front of you. The styles I showed you are classic and significantly more aesthetic, in my eyes, than the short-on-the-sides-longer-on-the-top look every hipster from here to SF & W-burg is sporting. The bottom line: happiness is the difference between expectations and reality. In medicine we've learned we can no longer get away with practicing paternalistically, we have to take the patient's desires into account and arrive at a shared decision before action is taken. Barbering is even more aesthetically-oriented. Just listen to your customers, look at their pics, and give them what they want (unless they give you free rein) and they will love you for it.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
1








 Cool
























Hunter R.


Austin, TX









58 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Hunter R.
        












            Stop following Hunter R.
        














        4/18/2017
    

It was such a relief to find Todd about a year and a half ago. He is extremely detailed and consistent with his cuts. I've never been disappointed, and I always look forward to my appointment. I seriously doubt there are many barbers in Austin that can match Todd's expertise. His shop is also immaculate and he's fun to talk to.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jason A.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jason A.
        












            Stop following Jason A.
        














        4/16/2017
    

I've been getting my hair cut by Todd for over five years now, across three different locations. My cut is fairly simple, but has some "challenge" points that Todd is able to navigate with great skill. I always come out of his shop looking my best and feeling like I've had a great experience. The new storefront on Mueller Blvd. is one of the nicest barber shops I've ever seen. Great music, complimentary drinks and classic styling enhance the overall experience. I always look forward to my monthly appointments with Todd (for a cut) and Rudy (for a shave and beard trim); these are my "spa days" and a great way to step back from life's daily stresses and just relax for a couple hours. Easy online scheduling is just an added benefit, but be sure to book early as Todd's schedule fills up quickly, especially if you're looking for a weekend appointment.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Caleb C.


Lubbock, TX









0 friends
        






3 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Caleb C.
        












            Stop following Caleb C.
        














        4/11/2017
    

Reviews here for Todd alternate from 'great barber' to 'total a-hole' and I wouldn't know about the former, but I can attest to the latter.The shop on Mueller is nice, clean, and full of vinyl records, appointments are relatively hassle free online. These would earn stars except when you're refused service they stop mattering.I asked for a cut that I could "wash and go without product" to which he responded "Then I am not your barber." No warning of what might happen without product, nor any sales pitch for the value of men's hair products, not even a list of cuts that might work without product (surely there are some!). He simply had me leave.I took off work, planned for weeks, walked through the rain (there's no parking in front), and was rudely refused service. Of course, in the end, he's correct; he's not my barber.So if you're looking for a barber, and you want to use (buy) product, I guess you could go here, but don't say I didn't warn you.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
3








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























robert M.


Austin, TX









86 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow robert M.
        












            Stop following robert M.
        














        4/25/2017
    

Todd has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, he is professional, skilled and affordable.  if you are looking to maintain your style or get  a new one (he has done 3 for me) Todd is your guy.   He has never once been late or canceled on me.  He's good at what he does and a hoot to chat with.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Katherine P.


Austin, TX









37 friends
        






18 reviews
        






11 photos
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Katherine P.
        












            Stop following Katherine P.
        














        4/27/2017
    

Beautiful yet manly classy shop. My husband loves coming here. He is always greeted in a friendly, respectful manner and the prices are reasonable. When first impressions mattered the most (our wedding, job interviews, etc) he trusted the team here at R Todd Fisher. Sergio was our go to guy but my husband will continue to come here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Conkyjo r.


Las Vegas, NV









0 friends
        






7 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Conkyjo r.
        












            Stop following Conkyjo r.
        














        6/7/2017
    

Go see Rudy, definitely attention to detail.  Top notch place and was so glad I found this place.  I look forward to going back.  Haven't found a good consistent barber in Vegas so looks like I will be visiting Austin more often.  Make an appointment as they are busy although they did accept me as a walk-in.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Jeff E.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeff E.
        












            Stop following Jeff E.
        














        4/21/2017
    

Todd is hands down the BEST barber I have ever been too. I was in the military for seven years and had to get weekly haircuts - so I've seen my fair share of barbers. I love that he takes pride in his work, is extremely detail orientated, doesn't rush, and is great to talk too. I've tried other barbers in Austin, and the quality of service Todd provides is second to none. Even when he has a busy day, he doesn't try to get me in and out as quick as he can. Previous barbers did this several times which led to a horrible cut. I don't have to worry about this with Todd. The compliments I routinely receive from friends and colleagues demonstrate that Todd consistently provides a great haircut. He knows what looks good. Trust him and you won't be disappointed!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























John C.


Boulder, CO









0 friends
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow John C.
        












            Stop following John C.
        














        10/27/2016
    

Let me start by saying this is 100% the most soul crushing haircut I've ever received. I'm a guy with a unique look, sometimes it's longer and sometimes it's shorter, but I have a certain look and feel to my hair - I've had it my whole life. It's gone now. Totally devastated. I had longer hair going in, and I asked for the same shape, but within 10 seconds I had an electric razor shearing me like I was in the Army. I'm not the same person. I'm not Adam Levine. I don't like the shaved sides. There was literally no warning. I hate how insanely short it is. So much. And I'm forced to live with it for months and months. There was no discussion, just some light banter and whooosh! instantly my persona is obliterated. It doesn't necessarily look awful - but IT ISNT WHO I AM. I'm not a "fancy hipster". I'm not what they made me into. I had a look and they killed it without second thought. I'm a musician who plays a lot of gigs, and let me tell you - I'll be be wearing a beanie for a long time. I played it off cool, because what else am I going to do when (without any warning whatsoever) someone starts shaving my head. Once you drag those f***cking shears across someones scalp, there's no going back. To my barber: don't make irreversible changes to someone who didn't ask for them. My appearance isn't something to be so reckless about. Seriously, please, for the love of god, if you have longer hair, or a unique look that isn't that "trendy hip shaved sides thing", watch out. Because it seems like that's all they do. That being said, Todd himself was really nice. He didn't cut my hair, someone else did, but Todd is a cool guy. I probably should have scheduled with him.Honestly, I'm really upset. I'm ashamed. I'm awkward. I lost my look and it got replaced with something I find douchey, overtly "trendy" and unwanted. If this look is up your alley, that's cool. That's what they advertise as, and I should have been more careful. But my soul just got wrecked.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
4








 Funny
3








 Cool
1























Derek E.


Austin, TX









1 friend
        






5 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Derek E.
        












            Stop following Derek E.
        














        4/15/2017
    

Todd has been my barber for the past year.Haircuts before Todd were obligations. The lack of consistency and attention to detail always bothered me, even in top dollar premier shops.Frustrated, I decided to see if Todd could help. I expressed what I wanted, and Todd actively listened. He offered valuable feedback, checked my understanding, and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've ever experienced. The attention to detail is unparalleled. Every experience afterward has remained top-notch. I now anticipate appointments with Todd.Todd's personable and very genuine. And on days when I'm feeling less conversational, Todd understands, which I greatly appreciate. The complementary trim service between appointments is a great addition, and keeps me looking sharp between cuts.Administratively, the online scheduling system is convenient and user friendly. If something comes up that needs attention beyond the app, Todd is quick to respond.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Kent L.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kent L.
        












            Stop following Kent L.
        














        4/17/2017
    

Todd is a really fantastic barber with excellent taste, a discerning eye and an innate ability to provide a very clean, sharp and symmetrical cut. I went in for a haircut last year after finding him through Yelp and found my new barber. Each of the 7-10 cuts he has provided have been fantastic and very high-quality. He can improve any head of hair and style, but he is probably best know for haircuts for gentlemen, cuts that will make a suit or business casual look really pop, but still look good with bed-head and gym clothes too. The shop is super clean and very comfortable, and the music is usually dialed-in to awesome American soul and jazz tracks that are several layers more interesting than the junk-food pop that permeates many places.If you're considering giving him a try, don't hesitate. He gives the best men's cut in Austin I've found in two decades of living here.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Aaron F.


Austin, TX









107 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Aaron F.
        












            Stop following Aaron F.
        














        4/15/2017
    

I've been going to Todd for maybe two years now - since before the Mueller shop - and can't imagine going anywhere else. I tried a couple other 'premier' men's barber shops before finding Todd and never found the attention to detail I find here. I especially love that he meticulously ensures the sides/back fade evenly (an issue I've had in the past). While his prior location was closer to where I live / work, the new shop has a great vibe and is much more my style. Todd is very personable which is always great, but he will also let me just sit there and think which I appreciate very much. The ability to schedule online is a great perk as well.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Matt B.


Austin, TX









4 friends
        






50 reviews
        






10 photos
            

Elite ’17















            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Matt B.
        












            Stop following Matt B.
        














        12/23/2015
    

Todd says he's a perfectionist to a fault, but if you're cutting hair the way he does it, you kind of need to be. He takes his time, every time. I've never seen anyone blend the sides of my hair by hand, and so meticulously.If you are worried about not being able to style your hair every day as good as he does it, let him know and he'll give you a little styling lesson.Also, how has nobody mentioned the free whiskey? :)




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
2








 Funny









 Cool
























Justin K.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Justin K.
        












            Stop following Justin K.
        














        5/15/2017
    

I have been looking for a great men's haircut in Austin since I moved from Chicago. Todd is the guy! He does a wonderful job wth my hair and spends the time needed to get it perfect. Shop is clean and everyone there is friendly. Scheduling system is easy to use. I would recommend Todd to anyone who is looking for a great haircut and good conversation while he is doing it!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Nick H.


Galena, IL









289 friends
        






6 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Nick H.
        












            Stop following Nick H.
        














        8/18/2016
    

This is the best haircut you'll ever get. The reviews are real, the barbers are great, and this shop is my hands down favorite barber in the US.SirJoe entertained me with witty barber banter while meticulously going through my difficult hair, adding character with each snip.Go to Floyds if you want a beer and a bad haircut, come to R Todd Fisher's if you want to look like a man.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
1








 Funny









 Cool
























Jeremy N.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






2 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jeremy N.
        












            Stop following Jeremy N.
        














        4/19/2017
    

RTodd Fisher is hands down one of the best barber establishments I have been to. I have been going to Todd for over a year now and I know that there is no other place I'd rather go. The professionalism, attention to detail, most up to date hair styles, and not to mention the immaculate upscale space the shop is located, are just a few of the observations you'll encounter during your visit. Appointments are easily scheduled online and you even get a reminder email the day before your appointment. The hospitality is amazing also. Upon walking through the door, you are greeted by the staff and offered a beverage of choice while you wait. I've never been 100% satisfied with a hair stylist as I am with Todd!!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Brian C.


Austin, TX









0 friends
        






1 review
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Brian C.
        












            Stop following Brian C.
        














        4/16/2017
    

Todd is an amazing barber and his attention to detail is impeccable. I always leave with a smile on my face and looking and feeling great. Thanks Todd!




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool















        Page 1 of 3
    



1



                            2
                        



                            3
                        



Next















                    9 other reviews that are not currently recommended
            





                                    You Might Also Consider
                            













        Ad
    

Dolce






            88 reviews
    







5.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Lindsay M. said
    
    "Let me start off by saying that this review is LONG overdue! I moved to Austin a few months back and was in desperate need of some hair-therapy. I have extremely thick, frizzy and damaged hair that…"
            
read more



            in Hair Salons, Spray Tanning, Skin Care
        















        Ad
    

Bradz Salon & Day Spa






            74 reviews
    







2.9 Miles away from R Todd Fisher
            









Juanita F. said
    
    "I've been a long time customer/patron of Bradz (6+ years) and I've had my good experiences and I've had my bad experiences. I have stopped going there to get my hair highlighted or colored because of the…"
            
read more



            in Hair Salons, Day Spas
        









Business info summary












Today

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Open now













 Services





$$



Price range

                        Moderate
                    









            Hours
        
By appointment only



Mon

            Closed
        




Tue

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Wed

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Thu

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm





Fri

12:00 pm - 7:00 pm


Open now



Sat

11:00 am - 5:00 pm





Sun

            Closed
        










Edit business info
    



Services




Deluxe Haircut


                $60.00
            



Standard Haircut


                $50.00
            



Haircut & Grey Blending


                $90.00
            


View all services


More business info





                                Accepts Credit Cards
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Apple Pay
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Accepts Android Pay
                            

                                No
                            



                                Parking
                            

                                Street
                            



                                Bike Parking
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                By Appointment Only
                            

                                Yes
                            



                                Gender Neutral Restrooms
                            

                                Yes
                            



















 Bob P.

                    First to review
                



From the business

                            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services


            

                Learn more about R Todd Fisher
                , Opens a popup



Specialties

            Adults Only. Must be at least 16 years old to receive services
        










Report






                                    You might also consider
                            













        Ad
    

Marchica’s Barbershop






            11 reviews
    







6.1 Miles










Peter M. said
    
    "Lynese of Marchica's Barbershop has been doing my…"
            
read more

















        Ad
    

CJ Hair Restoration






            14 reviews
    










A K. said
    
    "My husband and I relocated to the Austin area late last fall.…"
            
read more








People also viewed












Adolph’s Barber Shop






            69 reviews
    


                I think I lucked out on my first visit and got Maria.
            














Luis’ Corner Barber Shop






            78 reviews
    


                Thanks so much Luis, Gabriel, and everyone else there!
            














Floyd’s 99 Barbershop






            104 reviews
    


                The best part was the hot towel and the neck shave with a straight edge.
            






Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all





People found R Todd Fisher by searching for…


Best Mens Haircut Austin


Cheap Mens Haircut Austin










Rating Details





Monthly Trend






2017




2016




2015




2014




2013










                        Understand how a business’ rating changes month-to-month. Learn more.
                    

Overall Rating
Yelping since 2012 with 50 reviews



                    5 stars
                






46






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                






1






                    1 star
                






3





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















R Todd Fisher







50 reviews
    



$$


Barbers


Austin, TX




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    








































Todd Fisher - Wikipedia





















 






Todd Fisher

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Todd Fisher


Born
Todd Emmanuel Fisher
(1958-02-24) February 24, 1958 (age 59)
Burbank, California, U.S.


Residence
Las Vegas, Nevada


Alma mater
Southern California Institute of Architecture


Occupation
Actor, director, producer, cinematographer, business executive, curator


Years active
1959–present


Organization
Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (CEO)
Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (CEO)


Spouse(s)



Donna Freberg (1981–?)
Christi Zabel (?–2008; her death)
Catherine Hickland (m. 2012)





Parent(s)
Eddie Fisher
Debbie Reynolds


Relatives



Carrie Fisher (sister)
Joely Fisher (half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (half-sister)
Billie Lourd (niece)





Website
toddfisher.com


Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958)[1] is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries. He is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
He has a professional background in architectural design and sound engineering, with experience designing and building sound stages, recording studios, and television facilities. Fisher is also a business executive; the former CEO, president, CFO, and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (DRHC), Debbie Reynolds Management Company, Inc., and Debbie Reynolds Resorts, Inc. As of 2013[update], he is the CEO and curator of the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum, which is housed at Debbie Reynolds Studios (DR Studios) in North Hollywood and at his ranch in Creston, California.[not verified in body]



Contents


1 Early and personal life
2 Career

2.1 Entertainment industry
2.2 Architectural design and sound engineering
2.3 Hotel, casino, and museum management
2.4 Hollywood memorabilia auctions


3 Filmography
4 References
5 External links



Early and personal life[edit]
Fisher was born on February 24, 1958 in Burbank, California,[1] to actors Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. Fisher's paternal grandparents were Jewish Russian immigrants, while his mother's ancestry was Protestant, Scots-Irish, and English.[2][3][4][5] Fisher, who was named after his father's best friend, Mike Todd, is the second of two children born to his parents. His sister, Carrie Fisher, was born in 1956.
His parents divorced in 1959. A later marriage between his father and actress Connie Stevens resulted in the births of Fisher's two half-sisters, Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher. In 1960, his mother married Harry Karl, owner of a chain of shoe stores. His mother and stepfather divorced in 1973, when Fisher was 15 years old.
Fisher attended Beverly Hills High School, graduating in 1976. Following high school graduation, he attended the Southern California Institute of Architecture in Los Angeles.[6]
In 1980, Fisher became a born-again Christian and was subsequently ordained as a minister in 1982. Following his ordination, he founded Hiding Place Church, along with musician Henry Cutrona of Christian country rock band Gentle Faith. A non-denominational, charismatic congregation, the church first met in North Hollywood at his mother's DR Studios. After outgrowing that location, the church was moved to Beverly Theater in Beverly Hills. By 1986, the church had relocated from that location to Emerson Middle School in Westwood, Los Angeles, California with an average Sunday attendance of 1,000.[7][8]
On February 15, 1981, Fisher married his high school sweetheart, Donna Freberg, daughter of Stan Freberg.[7] After the couple's divorce, Fisher married Christi (née Zabel) Rivers. With their marriage, Fisher became stepfather to Vanessa, James and Brandon, Rivers' children from her marriage to singer Johnny Rivers. Fisher's wife died from cancer in 2008.[9] Fisher then married actress-businessperson Catherine Hickland on December 25, 2012.[10] The couple has a home in Las Vegas and a ranch in California.[11]
Career[edit]
Entertainment industry[edit]
Fisher's involvement in the entertainment industry began when he was an infant with his appearance in documentaries and short films about his mother. During his youth, Fisher began showing an interest in the technical aspects of filmmaking and focused his efforts on shooting commercials, short films, and documentaries. He was one of the youngest members of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) labor union.[citation needed] As an adult, his technical and creative experience in professional technical and creative experience began in the 1980s. Fisher is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.[citation needed]
In the early 1980s, Fisher worked with Trinity Broadcasting Network, where he wrote, produced and directed the comedy television program Nightlight, starring as satirical television evangelist, Reverend Hype. The show was modeled on the NBC program Saturday Night Live and featured actors and comedians such as Dan Aykroyd, Jerry Houser, Miguel Ferrer, Rene Russo, and Bernie Leadon.[7]
In 1991, he produced his first feature film, Twogether, starring Nick Cassavetes and Brenda Bakke.[citation needed]
Architectural design and sound engineering[edit]
In 1970, Fisher's mother began curating a large collection of Hollywood memorabilia starting with purchasing items from the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer auction that same year.[12][13] She spent $180,000, which accounted for the purchase of thousands of items, serving as the beginning of her ownership of movie memorabilia.[14][15] In 1972, she established the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (HMPM) as a federally tax-exempt corporation. The museum has been recognized as the largest individual collection of Hollywood memorabilia in the world.[6][12][16]
In 1992, Reynolds and her husband Richard Hamlett bought the Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino at auction for $2.2 million.[17] The purchase was made in anticipation of spending $15 million on renovations, which included plans for establishing a home for the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. The Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino reopened in 1993, renamed The Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino.[12][18] In 1994, Fisher designed the hotel and casino's 500-seat showroom, where Reynolds performed her nightclub act, songs from her career of over 50 years in the entertainment industry.[19] The showroom also serves as a complete television production studio.[20] In addition to the showroom, Fisher also conceived and designed the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. When Reynolds struggled with the financing to complete the project, she decided to take the company public in order to raise funds. When the museum celebrated its opening the following year, it was one of the first sites in the United States to exhibit high-definition video projection.[21]
Hotel, casino, and museum management[edit]
In March 1994, Fisher was appointed the chief financial officer and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino, joining his mother, who served as chairman and secretary with both holding seats on the board of directors. When he assumed the role of CFO, it became evident that the hotel and casino was losing money each month, due to the company's poor capital structure and unsuccessful lease with the casino operator. Debbie eventually won a $10 million judgment in court against her former husband Richard Hamlett, in part for spurious financial dealing with the hotel and her personally. Additional board members of the Hollywood Museum have included Carrie Fisher, director George Lucas, Shirley MacLaine, and Elizabeth Taylor.[22]
Upon assuming the role of CEO, Fisher began restructuring the company, in order to address financial mismanagement, diminished employee morale, and poor customer service and quality throughout the hotel, casino, and restaurant.[23] Prior to March 31, 1996, Jackpot Enterprises contracted with the company to lease space to operate the casino in the hotel.[17] The company gave notice of intent to terminate the lease agreement with Jackpot in February 1996, in accordance with the terms, owing to monthly loss of revenue on a consistent basis. Gambling operations discontinued as of March 31, 1996. By December 31, 1996, the company was in default, unable to make principal and interest payments on their mortgage. Payroll taxes of approximately $1,063,000, along with other accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately $3,643,000, were also in default.[23]
In 1997, Fisher began pursuing avenues to sell the property to timeshare developer ILX (now known as Diamond Resorts International) for $16.8 million. After the deal fell through, Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy as part of a reorganization plan. The company entered into a $22.5 million merger agreement with CFI (Central Florida Investments), also known as Westgate Resorts, which would have saved the hotel and the public company. The unsecured creditors rejected the deal and opted to auction the property hoping for a better deal. Over the objection of Management, the property was put up for auction the following year, with the winning bid at $10.65 million, going to the World Wrestling Federation.[24][25][26]
By 1999, Reynolds and Fisher began preparing to move the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum to a new location near the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, which was scheduled to open in 2004. When the Los Angeles museum's lender could no longer fund the project, the museum was unable to complete construction on the property. In turn, they could not repay a $1.6 million bridge loan, which later became the center of a lawsuit filed against the museum by Gregory Orman.[27]
While the lawsuit between the museum and Orman waged on in the courts, the museum signed a deal to anchor the proposed Belle Island Village tourist attraction, which was scheduled to debut in fall 2008, in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. When the developer of the Belle Island Village resort met with financial struggles of their own, the construction lender Regions Bank foreclosed on the unfinished property. In response, the museum itself sought Chapter 11 protection in June 2009.[22][28][29][30] The bank initially agreed to sell the resort property to Tennessee Investment Partners, which is partially owned by the real estate investment firm of Matisse Capital, the original developer of the proposed Belle Island Village. The purchase was scheduled to close by the end of March 2010, with assurances that the buyer intended to reinstate the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum as the centerpiece attraction of the new resort. The deal additionally called for agreements for the new investor to cover the lawsuit and financial claim made by Orman. When the sale of the property to Tennessee Investment Partners and subsequent plans to relocate the museum to Tennessee fell through, Reynolds and Fisher began making plans to liquidate the memorabilia collection.[27][31]
Hollywood memorabilia auctions[edit]
In 2011, Reynolds and Fisher contracted with Profiles in History to begin auctioning the collection of Hollywood memorabilia, until enough proceeds were generated to pay off their creditors.[31] In statements made to the press, Fisher announced that his mother was "heartbroken" to have to auction off her collection, which was valued at $10.79 million in the bankruptcy filing.[28][29] The collection was sold in a series of auctions from June to December 2011.[12]
On June 18, 2011, Marilyn Monroe's "subway dress", whose skirt is raised by the updraft of a passing subway train in The Seven Year Itch, sold for $4.6 million, far in excess of pre-auction estimates of $1–2 million. Another Monroe dress, worn in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, fetched $1.2 million; it had been expected to go for $200,000 to $300,000. Estimated at $60,000 to $80,000, a blue cotton dress Judy Garland used in test shots for The Wizard of Oz went for $910,000.[32] In total, the auction grossed $22.8 million.[33]
In the second auction, held on December 3, 2011, a still-functioning Panavision PSR 35 mm camera used to film Star Wars went for $520,000, breaking records for Star Wars memorabilia and vintage cameras.[34]
Filmography[edit]

Acting


1959: A Visit with Debbie Reynolds (short) – as baby
1969: Debbie Reynolds and the Sound of Children (TV movie) – as Cub Scout
1981: Nightlight (TBN series) – as Reverend Hype
2001: These Old Broads (TV movie) – as Timothy


As himself


1963: Hollywood Without Make-Up (documentary)
2012: Hollywood Treasure


Cinematography


1988: Find Your Way Back: A Salute to the Space Shuttle (video documentary)
1989: Blue Angels: A Backstage Pass (video documentary)
2002: Cinerama Adventure (documentary)
2013: South Dakota


Directing


1991: Movie Memories with Debbie Reynolds (TV series – 12 episodes)


Editing


1994: Twogether


Producing


1994: Twogether
2017: Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (HBO documentary)

References[edit]


^ a b "Debbie Reynolds Has Son". The New York Times. February 25, 1958. p. 24. Retrieved December 29, 2016. Miss Reynolds gave birth to the child at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank.  Abstract; full article requires subscription.
^ Byrne, James Patrick; Coleman, Philip; and Jason Francis King (2008). Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics, and History: A Multidisciplinary Encyclopedia, Volume 2, ABC-CLIO, page 804. ISBN 978-1851096145
^ de Vries, Hilary (1994-04-24). "Q & A Hollywood Times Three Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher discuss Hollywood families, not-so-fictional novels—and baby Billie's there to chaperone". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2010-03-07. 
^ Sugarman, Joe. "Carrie Fisher’s Wild Ride". Jewish Times. Archived from the original on 2012-02-03. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ Shocket, Kathy Shayna. "'Jewish Sinatra' tells all". jewishaz.com. Archived from the original on 2012-11-20. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ a b "Solar e-Clips - The Force Is Strong With Him [Todd Fisher]". Californiasolarcenter.org. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b c Anahid, Carol (1984-10-15). "But Seriously, Folks, Todd Fisher, Eddie and Debbie's Son, Is Preaching the Good Word—and Getting Laffs". People.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Stevie Nicks: Reborn through marriage!", Evening Journal, March 21, 1983, page 18-C.
^ "Christi Fisher (1957 - 2008)". Bozeman Daily Chronicle. Montana. August 27, 2008. Archived from the original on August 1, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "Family". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "About". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ a b c d Susan King (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds is selling her movie treasures - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Collecting Entertainment Memorabilia - a Brief History". Juliensauctions.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ RHYS THOMAS (1988-03-13). "The Ruby Slippers: A Journey to the Land of Oz - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Engagement Dates - Debbie Reynolds Show Times". Debbiereynolds.com. 1932-04-01. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Almendrala, Anna (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds' Movie Memorabilia Up For Auction". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b "Debbie Reynolds goes forward with Vegas hotel". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. June 10, 1993. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "BUSINESS: Reynolds files for bankruptcy". Reviewjournal.com. 1997-07-08. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Planning Movie Museum in Vegas - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Associated Press. 1993-05-02. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Design". Todd Fisher. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Schenden, Laurie K. (1993-07-11). "Reynolds' Unsinkable Museum : Memorabilia: Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood museum opens in Las Vegas tonight, 25 years after the plucky performer salvaged MGM's discards. - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2009-06-18). "Debbie Reynolds’ Hollywood Museum Enters Chapter 11 - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Annual Report (Small Business Issuers)". Sec.edgar-online.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Grace Leong. "Debbie Reynolds' son sues IRS in casino tax dispute - Las Vegas Sun News". Lasvegassun.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds reflects as her hotel goes on the auction block". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. August 4, 1998. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Judge Raises Bid for Reynolds Hotel". Apnewsarchive.com. 1998-08-06. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2010-03-24). "Hollywood Museum Isn’t Giving Up - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Auction set for Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia - LA Daily News". Dailynews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Flory, Josh. "With no buyer, Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia to go to auction » Knoxville News Sentinel". Knoxnews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Palank, Jacqueline (2010-09-10). "Reynolds to Auction Hollywood Memorabilia - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2011-05-02). "Lights, Camera, Auction - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ Slosson, Mary (2011-06-19). "Marilyn Monroe subway dress sells for $4.6 million". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Barro, Josh (2011-06-24). "Hollywood Auction Ends Myth of Zaftig Marilyn: Virginia Postrel". Bloomberg. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Ben Child (2011-12-06). "Star Wars camera breaks auction record". The Guardian. London: Guardian Media Group. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 


External links[edit]

Todd Fisher on IMDb







v
t
e


Carrie Fisher



Novels



Postcards from the Edge (1987)
Surrender the Pink (1990)
Delusions of Grandma (1993)
The Best Awful There Is (2004)





Non-fiction books



Hollywood Moms (2001)
Wishful Drinking (2008)
Shockaholic (2011)
The Princess Diarist (2016)





In popular culture



Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (2016 documentary)





Family



Billie Lourd (daughter)
Debbie Reynolds (mother)
Eddie Fisher (father)
Todd Fisher (brother)
Joely Fisher (paternal half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (paternal half-sister)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Todd_Fisher&oldid=791665489"					
Categories: 1958 births20th-century American male actors21st-century American male actorsActors from Las VegasAmerican audio engineersAmerican cinematographersAmerican documentary filmmakersAmerican film directorsAmerican film producersAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican people of Scotch-Irish descentArchitects from CaliforniaBeverly Hills High School alumniHollywood history and cultureLiving peopleMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from NevadaMuseum directorsSouthern California Institute of Architecture alumniAmerican chief executivesAmerican chief financial officersHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Tiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 18:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Todd Fisher - Wikipedia





















 






Todd Fisher

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Todd Fisher


Born
Todd Emmanuel Fisher
(1958-02-24) February 24, 1958 (age 59)
Burbank, California, U.S.


Residence
Las Vegas, Nevada


Alma mater
Southern California Institute of Architecture


Occupation
Actor, director, producer, cinematographer, business executive, curator


Years active
1959–present


Organization
Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (CEO)
Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (CEO)


Spouse(s)



Donna Freberg (1981–?)
Christi Zabel (?–2008; her death)
Catherine Hickland (m. 2012)





Parent(s)
Eddie Fisher
Debbie Reynolds


Relatives



Carrie Fisher (sister)
Joely Fisher (half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (half-sister)
Billie Lourd (niece)





Website
toddfisher.com


Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958)[1] is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries. He is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
He has a professional background in architectural design and sound engineering, with experience designing and building sound stages, recording studios, and television facilities. Fisher is also a business executive; the former CEO, president, CFO, and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (DRHC), Debbie Reynolds Management Company, Inc., and Debbie Reynolds Resorts, Inc. As of 2013[update], he is the CEO and curator of the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum, which is housed at Debbie Reynolds Studios (DR Studios) in North Hollywood and at his ranch in Creston, California.[not verified in body]



Contents


1 Early and personal life
2 Career

2.1 Entertainment industry
2.2 Architectural design and sound engineering
2.3 Hotel, casino, and museum management
2.4 Hollywood memorabilia auctions


3 Filmography
4 References
5 External links



Early and personal life[edit]
Fisher was born on February 24, 1958 in Burbank, California,[1] to actors Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. Fisher's paternal grandparents were Jewish Russian immigrants, while his mother's ancestry was Protestant, Scots-Irish, and English.[2][3][4][5] Fisher, who was named after his father's best friend, Mike Todd, is the second of two children born to his parents. His sister, Carrie Fisher, was born in 1956.
His parents divorced in 1959. A later marriage between his father and actress Connie Stevens resulted in the births of Fisher's two half-sisters, Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher. In 1960, his mother married Harry Karl, owner of a chain of shoe stores. His mother and stepfather divorced in 1973, when Fisher was 15 years old.
Fisher attended Beverly Hills High School, graduating in 1976. Following high school graduation, he attended the Southern California Institute of Architecture in Los Angeles.[6]
In 1980, Fisher became a born-again Christian and was subsequently ordained as a minister in 1982. Following his ordination, he founded Hiding Place Church, along with musician Henry Cutrona of Christian country rock band Gentle Faith. A non-denominational, charismatic congregation, the church first met in North Hollywood at his mother's DR Studios. After outgrowing that location, the church was moved to Beverly Theater in Beverly Hills. By 1986, the church had relocated from that location to Emerson Middle School in Westwood, Los Angeles, California with an average Sunday attendance of 1,000.[7][8]
On February 15, 1981, Fisher married his high school sweetheart, Donna Freberg, daughter of Stan Freberg.[7] After the couple's divorce, Fisher married Christi (née Zabel) Rivers. With their marriage, Fisher became stepfather to Vanessa, James and Brandon, Rivers' children from her marriage to singer Johnny Rivers. Fisher's wife died from cancer in 2008.[9] Fisher then married actress-businessperson Catherine Hickland on December 25, 2012.[10] The couple has a home in Las Vegas and a ranch in California.[11]
Career[edit]
Entertainment industry[edit]
Fisher's involvement in the entertainment industry began when he was an infant with his appearance in documentaries and short films about his mother. During his youth, Fisher began showing an interest in the technical aspects of filmmaking and focused his efforts on shooting commercials, short films, and documentaries. He was one of the youngest members of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) labor union.[citation needed] As an adult, his technical and creative experience in professional technical and creative experience began in the 1980s. Fisher is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.[citation needed]
In the early 1980s, Fisher worked with Trinity Broadcasting Network, where he wrote, produced and directed the comedy television program Nightlight, starring as satirical television evangelist, Reverend Hype. The show was modeled on the NBC program Saturday Night Live and featured actors and comedians such as Dan Aykroyd, Jerry Houser, Miguel Ferrer, Rene Russo, and Bernie Leadon.[7]
In 1991, he produced his first feature film, Twogether, starring Nick Cassavetes and Brenda Bakke.[citation needed]
Architectural design and sound engineering[edit]
In 1970, Fisher's mother began curating a large collection of Hollywood memorabilia starting with purchasing items from the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer auction that same year.[12][13] She spent $180,000, which accounted for the purchase of thousands of items, serving as the beginning of her ownership of movie memorabilia.[14][15] In 1972, she established the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (HMPM) as a federally tax-exempt corporation. The museum has been recognized as the largest individual collection of Hollywood memorabilia in the world.[6][12][16]
In 1992, Reynolds and her husband Richard Hamlett bought the Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino at auction for $2.2 million.[17] The purchase was made in anticipation of spending $15 million on renovations, which included plans for establishing a home for the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. The Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino reopened in 1993, renamed The Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino.[12][18] In 1994, Fisher designed the hotel and casino's 500-seat showroom, where Reynolds performed her nightclub act, songs from her career of over 50 years in the entertainment industry.[19] The showroom also serves as a complete television production studio.[20] In addition to the showroom, Fisher also conceived and designed the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. When Reynolds struggled with the financing to complete the project, she decided to take the company public in order to raise funds. When the museum celebrated its opening the following year, it was one of the first sites in the United States to exhibit high-definition video projection.[21]
Hotel, casino, and museum management[edit]
In March 1994, Fisher was appointed the chief financial officer and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino, joining his mother, who served as chairman and secretary with both holding seats on the board of directors. When he assumed the role of CFO, it became evident that the hotel and casino was losing money each month, due to the company's poor capital structure and unsuccessful lease with the casino operator. Debbie eventually won a $10 million judgment in court against her former husband Richard Hamlett, in part for spurious financial dealing with the hotel and her personally. Additional board members of the Hollywood Museum have included Carrie Fisher, director George Lucas, Shirley MacLaine, and Elizabeth Taylor.[22]
Upon assuming the role of CEO, Fisher began restructuring the company, in order to address financial mismanagement, diminished employee morale, and poor customer service and quality throughout the hotel, casino, and restaurant.[23] Prior to March 31, 1996, Jackpot Enterprises contracted with the company to lease space to operate the casino in the hotel.[17] The company gave notice of intent to terminate the lease agreement with Jackpot in February 1996, in accordance with the terms, owing to monthly loss of revenue on a consistent basis. Gambling operations discontinued as of March 31, 1996. By December 31, 1996, the company was in default, unable to make principal and interest payments on their mortgage. Payroll taxes of approximately $1,063,000, along with other accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately $3,643,000, were also in default.[23]
In 1997, Fisher began pursuing avenues to sell the property to timeshare developer ILX (now known as Diamond Resorts International) for $16.8 million. After the deal fell through, Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy as part of a reorganization plan. The company entered into a $22.5 million merger agreement with CFI (Central Florida Investments), also known as Westgate Resorts, which would have saved the hotel and the public company. The unsecured creditors rejected the deal and opted to auction the property hoping for a better deal. Over the objection of Management, the property was put up for auction the following year, with the winning bid at $10.65 million, going to the World Wrestling Federation.[24][25][26]
By 1999, Reynolds and Fisher began preparing to move the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum to a new location near the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, which was scheduled to open in 2004. When the Los Angeles museum's lender could no longer fund the project, the museum was unable to complete construction on the property. In turn, they could not repay a $1.6 million bridge loan, which later became the center of a lawsuit filed against the museum by Gregory Orman.[27]
While the lawsuit between the museum and Orman waged on in the courts, the museum signed a deal to anchor the proposed Belle Island Village tourist attraction, which was scheduled to debut in fall 2008, in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. When the developer of the Belle Island Village resort met with financial struggles of their own, the construction lender Regions Bank foreclosed on the unfinished property. In response, the museum itself sought Chapter 11 protection in June 2009.[22][28][29][30] The bank initially agreed to sell the resort property to Tennessee Investment Partners, which is partially owned by the real estate investment firm of Matisse Capital, the original developer of the proposed Belle Island Village. The purchase was scheduled to close by the end of March 2010, with assurances that the buyer intended to reinstate the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum as the centerpiece attraction of the new resort. The deal additionally called for agreements for the new investor to cover the lawsuit and financial claim made by Orman. When the sale of the property to Tennessee Investment Partners and subsequent plans to relocate the museum to Tennessee fell through, Reynolds and Fisher began making plans to liquidate the memorabilia collection.[27][31]
Hollywood memorabilia auctions[edit]
In 2011, Reynolds and Fisher contracted with Profiles in History to begin auctioning the collection of Hollywood memorabilia, until enough proceeds were generated to pay off their creditors.[31] In statements made to the press, Fisher announced that his mother was "heartbroken" to have to auction off her collection, which was valued at $10.79 million in the bankruptcy filing.[28][29] The collection was sold in a series of auctions from June to December 2011.[12]
On June 18, 2011, Marilyn Monroe's "subway dress", whose skirt is raised by the updraft of a passing subway train in The Seven Year Itch, sold for $4.6 million, far in excess of pre-auction estimates of $1–2 million. Another Monroe dress, worn in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, fetched $1.2 million; it had been expected to go for $200,000 to $300,000. Estimated at $60,000 to $80,000, a blue cotton dress Judy Garland used in test shots for The Wizard of Oz went for $910,000.[32] In total, the auction grossed $22.8 million.[33]
In the second auction, held on December 3, 2011, a still-functioning Panavision PSR 35 mm camera used to film Star Wars went for $520,000, breaking records for Star Wars memorabilia and vintage cameras.[34]
Filmography[edit]

Acting


1959: A Visit with Debbie Reynolds (short) – as baby
1969: Debbie Reynolds and the Sound of Children (TV movie) – as Cub Scout
1981: Nightlight (TBN series) – as Reverend Hype
2001: These Old Broads (TV movie) – as Timothy


As himself


1963: Hollywood Without Make-Up (documentary)
2012: Hollywood Treasure


Cinematography


1988: Find Your Way Back: A Salute to the Space Shuttle (video documentary)
1989: Blue Angels: A Backstage Pass (video documentary)
2002: Cinerama Adventure (documentary)
2013: South Dakota


Directing


1991: Movie Memories with Debbie Reynolds (TV series – 12 episodes)


Editing


1994: Twogether


Producing


1994: Twogether
2017: Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (HBO documentary)

References[edit]


^ a b "Debbie Reynolds Has Son". The New York Times. February 25, 1958. p. 24. Retrieved December 29, 2016. Miss Reynolds gave birth to the child at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank.  Abstract; full article requires subscription.
^ Byrne, James Patrick; Coleman, Philip; and Jason Francis King (2008). Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics, and History: A Multidisciplinary Encyclopedia, Volume 2, ABC-CLIO, page 804. ISBN 978-1851096145
^ de Vries, Hilary (1994-04-24). "Q & A Hollywood Times Three Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher discuss Hollywood families, not-so-fictional novels—and baby Billie's there to chaperone". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2010-03-07. 
^ Sugarman, Joe. "Carrie Fisher’s Wild Ride". Jewish Times. Archived from the original on 2012-02-03. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ Shocket, Kathy Shayna. "'Jewish Sinatra' tells all". jewishaz.com. Archived from the original on 2012-11-20. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ a b "Solar e-Clips - The Force Is Strong With Him [Todd Fisher]". Californiasolarcenter.org. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b c Anahid, Carol (1984-10-15). "But Seriously, Folks, Todd Fisher, Eddie and Debbie's Son, Is Preaching the Good Word—and Getting Laffs". People.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Stevie Nicks: Reborn through marriage!", Evening Journal, March 21, 1983, page 18-C.
^ "Christi Fisher (1957 - 2008)". Bozeman Daily Chronicle. Montana. August 27, 2008. Archived from the original on August 1, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "Family". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "About". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ a b c d Susan King (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds is selling her movie treasures - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Collecting Entertainment Memorabilia - a Brief History". Juliensauctions.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ RHYS THOMAS (1988-03-13). "The Ruby Slippers: A Journey to the Land of Oz - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Engagement Dates - Debbie Reynolds Show Times". Debbiereynolds.com. 1932-04-01. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Almendrala, Anna (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds' Movie Memorabilia Up For Auction". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b "Debbie Reynolds goes forward with Vegas hotel". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. June 10, 1993. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "BUSINESS: Reynolds files for bankruptcy". Reviewjournal.com. 1997-07-08. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Planning Movie Museum in Vegas - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Associated Press. 1993-05-02. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Design". Todd Fisher. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Schenden, Laurie K. (1993-07-11). "Reynolds' Unsinkable Museum : Memorabilia: Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood museum opens in Las Vegas tonight, 25 years after the plucky performer salvaged MGM's discards. - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2009-06-18). "Debbie Reynolds’ Hollywood Museum Enters Chapter 11 - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Annual Report (Small Business Issuers)". Sec.edgar-online.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Grace Leong. "Debbie Reynolds' son sues IRS in casino tax dispute - Las Vegas Sun News". Lasvegassun.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds reflects as her hotel goes on the auction block". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. August 4, 1998. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Judge Raises Bid for Reynolds Hotel". Apnewsarchive.com. 1998-08-06. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2010-03-24). "Hollywood Museum Isn’t Giving Up - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Auction set for Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia - LA Daily News". Dailynews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Flory, Josh. "With no buyer, Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia to go to auction » Knoxville News Sentinel". Knoxnews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Palank, Jacqueline (2010-09-10). "Reynolds to Auction Hollywood Memorabilia - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2011-05-02). "Lights, Camera, Auction - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ Slosson, Mary (2011-06-19). "Marilyn Monroe subway dress sells for $4.6 million". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Barro, Josh (2011-06-24). "Hollywood Auction Ends Myth of Zaftig Marilyn: Virginia Postrel". Bloomberg. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Ben Child (2011-12-06). "Star Wars camera breaks auction record". The Guardian. London: Guardian Media Group. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 


External links[edit]

Todd Fisher on IMDb







v
t
e


Carrie Fisher



Novels



Postcards from the Edge (1987)
Surrender the Pink (1990)
Delusions of Grandma (1993)
The Best Awful There Is (2004)





Non-fiction books



Hollywood Moms (2001)
Wishful Drinking (2008)
Shockaholic (2011)
The Princess Diarist (2016)





In popular culture



Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (2016 documentary)





Family



Billie Lourd (daughter)
Debbie Reynolds (mother)
Eddie Fisher (father)
Todd Fisher (brother)
Joely Fisher (paternal half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (paternal half-sister)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Todd_Fisher&oldid=791665489"					
Categories: 1958 births20th-century American male actors21st-century American male actorsActors from Las VegasAmerican audio engineersAmerican cinematographersAmerican documentary filmmakersAmerican film directorsAmerican film producersAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican people of Scotch-Irish descentArchitects from CaliforniaBeverly Hills High School alumniHollywood history and cultureLiving peopleMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from NevadaMuseum directorsSouthern California Institute of Architecture alumniAmerican chief executivesAmerican chief financial officersHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Tiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 18:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Todd Fisher - Wikipedia





















 






Todd Fisher

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Todd Fisher


Born
Todd Emmanuel Fisher
(1958-02-24) February 24, 1958 (age 59)
Burbank, California, U.S.


Residence
Las Vegas, Nevada


Alma mater
Southern California Institute of Architecture


Occupation
Actor, director, producer, cinematographer, business executive, curator


Years active
1959–present


Organization
Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (CEO)
Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (CEO)


Spouse(s)



Donna Freberg (1981–?)
Christi Zabel (?–2008; her death)
Catherine Hickland (m. 2012)





Parent(s)
Eddie Fisher
Debbie Reynolds


Relatives



Carrie Fisher (sister)
Joely Fisher (half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (half-sister)
Billie Lourd (niece)





Website
toddfisher.com


Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958)[1] is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries. He is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
He has a professional background in architectural design and sound engineering, with experience designing and building sound stages, recording studios, and television facilities. Fisher is also a business executive; the former CEO, president, CFO, and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (DRHC), Debbie Reynolds Management Company, Inc., and Debbie Reynolds Resorts, Inc. As of 2013[update], he is the CEO and curator of the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum, which is housed at Debbie Reynolds Studios (DR Studios) in North Hollywood and at his ranch in Creston, California.[not verified in body]



Contents


1 Early and personal life
2 Career

2.1 Entertainment industry
2.2 Architectural design and sound engineering
2.3 Hotel, casino, and museum management
2.4 Hollywood memorabilia auctions


3 Filmography
4 References
5 External links



Early and personal life[edit]
Fisher was born on February 24, 1958 in Burbank, California,[1] to actors Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. Fisher's paternal grandparents were Jewish Russian immigrants, while his mother's ancestry was Protestant, Scots-Irish, and English.[2][3][4][5] Fisher, who was named after his father's best friend, Mike Todd, is the second of two children born to his parents. His sister, Carrie Fisher, was born in 1956.
His parents divorced in 1959. A later marriage between his father and actress Connie Stevens resulted in the births of Fisher's two half-sisters, Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher. In 1960, his mother married Harry Karl, owner of a chain of shoe stores. His mother and stepfather divorced in 1973, when Fisher was 15 years old.
Fisher attended Beverly Hills High School, graduating in 1976. Following high school graduation, he attended the Southern California Institute of Architecture in Los Angeles.[6]
In 1980, Fisher became a born-again Christian and was subsequently ordained as a minister in 1982. Following his ordination, he founded Hiding Place Church, along with musician Henry Cutrona of Christian country rock band Gentle Faith. A non-denominational, charismatic congregation, the church first met in North Hollywood at his mother's DR Studios. After outgrowing that location, the church was moved to Beverly Theater in Beverly Hills. By 1986, the church had relocated from that location to Emerson Middle School in Westwood, Los Angeles, California with an average Sunday attendance of 1,000.[7][8]
On February 15, 1981, Fisher married his high school sweetheart, Donna Freberg, daughter of Stan Freberg.[7] After the couple's divorce, Fisher married Christi (née Zabel) Rivers. With their marriage, Fisher became stepfather to Vanessa, James and Brandon, Rivers' children from her marriage to singer Johnny Rivers. Fisher's wife died from cancer in 2008.[9] Fisher then married actress-businessperson Catherine Hickland on December 25, 2012.[10] The couple has a home in Las Vegas and a ranch in California.[11]
Career[edit]
Entertainment industry[edit]
Fisher's involvement in the entertainment industry began when he was an infant with his appearance in documentaries and short films about his mother. During his youth, Fisher began showing an interest in the technical aspects of filmmaking and focused his efforts on shooting commercials, short films, and documentaries. He was one of the youngest members of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) labor union.[citation needed] As an adult, his technical and creative experience in professional technical and creative experience began in the 1980s. Fisher is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.[citation needed]
In the early 1980s, Fisher worked with Trinity Broadcasting Network, where he wrote, produced and directed the comedy television program Nightlight, starring as satirical television evangelist, Reverend Hype. The show was modeled on the NBC program Saturday Night Live and featured actors and comedians such as Dan Aykroyd, Jerry Houser, Miguel Ferrer, Rene Russo, and Bernie Leadon.[7]
In 1991, he produced his first feature film, Twogether, starring Nick Cassavetes and Brenda Bakke.[citation needed]
Architectural design and sound engineering[edit]
In 1970, Fisher's mother began curating a large collection of Hollywood memorabilia starting with purchasing items from the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer auction that same year.[12][13] She spent $180,000, which accounted for the purchase of thousands of items, serving as the beginning of her ownership of movie memorabilia.[14][15] In 1972, she established the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (HMPM) as a federally tax-exempt corporation. The museum has been recognized as the largest individual collection of Hollywood memorabilia in the world.[6][12][16]
In 1992, Reynolds and her husband Richard Hamlett bought the Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino at auction for $2.2 million.[17] The purchase was made in anticipation of spending $15 million on renovations, which included plans for establishing a home for the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. The Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino reopened in 1993, renamed The Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino.[12][18] In 1994, Fisher designed the hotel and casino's 500-seat showroom, where Reynolds performed her nightclub act, songs from her career of over 50 years in the entertainment industry.[19] The showroom also serves as a complete television production studio.[20] In addition to the showroom, Fisher also conceived and designed the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. When Reynolds struggled with the financing to complete the project, she decided to take the company public in order to raise funds. When the museum celebrated its opening the following year, it was one of the first sites in the United States to exhibit high-definition video projection.[21]
Hotel, casino, and museum management[edit]
In March 1994, Fisher was appointed the chief financial officer and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino, joining his mother, who served as chairman and secretary with both holding seats on the board of directors. When he assumed the role of CFO, it became evident that the hotel and casino was losing money each month, due to the company's poor capital structure and unsuccessful lease with the casino operator. Debbie eventually won a $10 million judgment in court against her former husband Richard Hamlett, in part for spurious financial dealing with the hotel and her personally. Additional board members of the Hollywood Museum have included Carrie Fisher, director George Lucas, Shirley MacLaine, and Elizabeth Taylor.[22]
Upon assuming the role of CEO, Fisher began restructuring the company, in order to address financial mismanagement, diminished employee morale, and poor customer service and quality throughout the hotel, casino, and restaurant.[23] Prior to March 31, 1996, Jackpot Enterprises contracted with the company to lease space to operate the casino in the hotel.[17] The company gave notice of intent to terminate the lease agreement with Jackpot in February 1996, in accordance with the terms, owing to monthly loss of revenue on a consistent basis. Gambling operations discontinued as of March 31, 1996. By December 31, 1996, the company was in default, unable to make principal and interest payments on their mortgage. Payroll taxes of approximately $1,063,000, along with other accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately $3,643,000, were also in default.[23]
In 1997, Fisher began pursuing avenues to sell the property to timeshare developer ILX (now known as Diamond Resorts International) for $16.8 million. After the deal fell through, Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy as part of a reorganization plan. The company entered into a $22.5 million merger agreement with CFI (Central Florida Investments), also known as Westgate Resorts, which would have saved the hotel and the public company. The unsecured creditors rejected the deal and opted to auction the property hoping for a better deal. Over the objection of Management, the property was put up for auction the following year, with the winning bid at $10.65 million, going to the World Wrestling Federation.[24][25][26]
By 1999, Reynolds and Fisher began preparing to move the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum to a new location near the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, which was scheduled to open in 2004. When the Los Angeles museum's lender could no longer fund the project, the museum was unable to complete construction on the property. In turn, they could not repay a $1.6 million bridge loan, which later became the center of a lawsuit filed against the museum by Gregory Orman.[27]
While the lawsuit between the museum and Orman waged on in the courts, the museum signed a deal to anchor the proposed Belle Island Village tourist attraction, which was scheduled to debut in fall 2008, in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. When the developer of the Belle Island Village resort met with financial struggles of their own, the construction lender Regions Bank foreclosed on the unfinished property. In response, the museum itself sought Chapter 11 protection in June 2009.[22][28][29][30] The bank initially agreed to sell the resort property to Tennessee Investment Partners, which is partially owned by the real estate investment firm of Matisse Capital, the original developer of the proposed Belle Island Village. The purchase was scheduled to close by the end of March 2010, with assurances that the buyer intended to reinstate the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum as the centerpiece attraction of the new resort. The deal additionally called for agreements for the new investor to cover the lawsuit and financial claim made by Orman. When the sale of the property to Tennessee Investment Partners and subsequent plans to relocate the museum to Tennessee fell through, Reynolds and Fisher began making plans to liquidate the memorabilia collection.[27][31]
Hollywood memorabilia auctions[edit]
In 2011, Reynolds and Fisher contracted with Profiles in History to begin auctioning the collection of Hollywood memorabilia, until enough proceeds were generated to pay off their creditors.[31] In statements made to the press, Fisher announced that his mother was "heartbroken" to have to auction off her collection, which was valued at $10.79 million in the bankruptcy filing.[28][29] The collection was sold in a series of auctions from June to December 2011.[12]
On June 18, 2011, Marilyn Monroe's "subway dress", whose skirt is raised by the updraft of a passing subway train in The Seven Year Itch, sold for $4.6 million, far in excess of pre-auction estimates of $1–2 million. Another Monroe dress, worn in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, fetched $1.2 million; it had been expected to go for $200,000 to $300,000. Estimated at $60,000 to $80,000, a blue cotton dress Judy Garland used in test shots for The Wizard of Oz went for $910,000.[32] In total, the auction grossed $22.8 million.[33]
In the second auction, held on December 3, 2011, a still-functioning Panavision PSR 35 mm camera used to film Star Wars went for $520,000, breaking records for Star Wars memorabilia and vintage cameras.[34]
Filmography[edit]

Acting


1959: A Visit with Debbie Reynolds (short) – as baby
1969: Debbie Reynolds and the Sound of Children (TV movie) – as Cub Scout
1981: Nightlight (TBN series) – as Reverend Hype
2001: These Old Broads (TV movie) – as Timothy


As himself


1963: Hollywood Without Make-Up (documentary)
2012: Hollywood Treasure


Cinematography


1988: Find Your Way Back: A Salute to the Space Shuttle (video documentary)
1989: Blue Angels: A Backstage Pass (video documentary)
2002: Cinerama Adventure (documentary)
2013: South Dakota


Directing


1991: Movie Memories with Debbie Reynolds (TV series – 12 episodes)


Editing


1994: Twogether


Producing


1994: Twogether
2017: Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (HBO documentary)

References[edit]


^ a b "Debbie Reynolds Has Son". The New York Times. February 25, 1958. p. 24. Retrieved December 29, 2016. Miss Reynolds gave birth to the child at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank.  Abstract; full article requires subscription.
^ Byrne, James Patrick; Coleman, Philip; and Jason Francis King (2008). Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics, and History: A Multidisciplinary Encyclopedia, Volume 2, ABC-CLIO, page 804. ISBN 978-1851096145
^ de Vries, Hilary (1994-04-24). "Q & A Hollywood Times Three Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher discuss Hollywood families, not-so-fictional novels—and baby Billie's there to chaperone". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2010-03-07. 
^ Sugarman, Joe. "Carrie Fisher’s Wild Ride". Jewish Times. Archived from the original on 2012-02-03. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ Shocket, Kathy Shayna. "'Jewish Sinatra' tells all". jewishaz.com. Archived from the original on 2012-11-20. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ a b "Solar e-Clips - The Force Is Strong With Him [Todd Fisher]". Californiasolarcenter.org. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b c Anahid, Carol (1984-10-15). "But Seriously, Folks, Todd Fisher, Eddie and Debbie's Son, Is Preaching the Good Word—and Getting Laffs". People.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Stevie Nicks: Reborn through marriage!", Evening Journal, March 21, 1983, page 18-C.
^ "Christi Fisher (1957 - 2008)". Bozeman Daily Chronicle. Montana. August 27, 2008. Archived from the original on August 1, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "Family". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "About". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ a b c d Susan King (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds is selling her movie treasures - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Collecting Entertainment Memorabilia - a Brief History". Juliensauctions.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ RHYS THOMAS (1988-03-13). "The Ruby Slippers: A Journey to the Land of Oz - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Engagement Dates - Debbie Reynolds Show Times". Debbiereynolds.com. 1932-04-01. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Almendrala, Anna (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds' Movie Memorabilia Up For Auction". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b "Debbie Reynolds goes forward with Vegas hotel". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. June 10, 1993. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "BUSINESS: Reynolds files for bankruptcy". Reviewjournal.com. 1997-07-08. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Planning Movie Museum in Vegas - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Associated Press. 1993-05-02. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Design". Todd Fisher. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Schenden, Laurie K. (1993-07-11). "Reynolds' Unsinkable Museum : Memorabilia: Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood museum opens in Las Vegas tonight, 25 years after the plucky performer salvaged MGM's discards. - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2009-06-18). "Debbie Reynolds’ Hollywood Museum Enters Chapter 11 - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Annual Report (Small Business Issuers)". Sec.edgar-online.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Grace Leong. "Debbie Reynolds' son sues IRS in casino tax dispute - Las Vegas Sun News". Lasvegassun.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds reflects as her hotel goes on the auction block". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. August 4, 1998. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Judge Raises Bid for Reynolds Hotel". Apnewsarchive.com. 1998-08-06. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2010-03-24). "Hollywood Museum Isn’t Giving Up - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Auction set for Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia - LA Daily News". Dailynews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Flory, Josh. "With no buyer, Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia to go to auction » Knoxville News Sentinel". Knoxnews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Palank, Jacqueline (2010-09-10). "Reynolds to Auction Hollywood Memorabilia - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2011-05-02). "Lights, Camera, Auction - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ Slosson, Mary (2011-06-19). "Marilyn Monroe subway dress sells for $4.6 million". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Barro, Josh (2011-06-24). "Hollywood Auction Ends Myth of Zaftig Marilyn: Virginia Postrel". Bloomberg. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Ben Child (2011-12-06). "Star Wars camera breaks auction record". The Guardian. London: Guardian Media Group. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 


External links[edit]

Todd Fisher on IMDb







v
t
e


Carrie Fisher



Novels



Postcards from the Edge (1987)
Surrender the Pink (1990)
Delusions of Grandma (1993)
The Best Awful There Is (2004)





Non-fiction books



Hollywood Moms (2001)
Wishful Drinking (2008)
Shockaholic (2011)
The Princess Diarist (2016)





In popular culture



Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (2016 documentary)





Family



Billie Lourd (daughter)
Debbie Reynolds (mother)
Eddie Fisher (father)
Todd Fisher (brother)
Joely Fisher (paternal half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (paternal half-sister)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Todd_Fisher&oldid=791665489"					
Categories: 1958 births20th-century American male actors21st-century American male actorsActors from Las VegasAmerican audio engineersAmerican cinematographersAmerican documentary filmmakersAmerican film directorsAmerican film producersAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican people of Scotch-Irish descentArchitects from CaliforniaBeverly Hills High School alumniHollywood history and cultureLiving peopleMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from NevadaMuseum directorsSouthern California Institute of Architecture alumniAmerican chief executivesAmerican chief financial officersHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Tiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 18:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Todd Fisher - Wikipedia





















 






Todd Fisher

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Todd Fisher


Born
Todd Emmanuel Fisher
(1958-02-24) February 24, 1958 (age 59)
Burbank, California, U.S.


Residence
Las Vegas, Nevada


Alma mater
Southern California Institute of Architecture


Occupation
Actor, director, producer, cinematographer, business executive, curator


Years active
1959–present


Organization
Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (CEO)
Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (CEO)


Spouse(s)



Donna Freberg (1981–?)
Christi Zabel (?–2008; her death)
Catherine Hickland (m. 2012)





Parent(s)
Eddie Fisher
Debbie Reynolds


Relatives



Carrie Fisher (sister)
Joely Fisher (half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (half-sister)
Billie Lourd (niece)





Website
toddfisher.com


Todd Emmanuel Fisher (born February 24, 1958)[1] is an American actor, director, cinematographer, and producer of television films and documentaries. He is the son of singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds.
He has a professional background in architectural design and sound engineering, with experience designing and building sound stages, recording studios, and television facilities. Fisher is also a business executive; the former CEO, president, CFO, and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino (DRHC), Debbie Reynolds Management Company, Inc., and Debbie Reynolds Resorts, Inc. As of 2013[update], he is the CEO and curator of the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum, which is housed at Debbie Reynolds Studios (DR Studios) in North Hollywood and at his ranch in Creston, California.[not verified in body]



Contents


1 Early and personal life
2 Career

2.1 Entertainment industry
2.2 Architectural design and sound engineering
2.3 Hotel, casino, and museum management
2.4 Hollywood memorabilia auctions


3 Filmography
4 References
5 External links



Early and personal life[edit]
Fisher was born on February 24, 1958 in Burbank, California,[1] to actors Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. Fisher's paternal grandparents were Jewish Russian immigrants, while his mother's ancestry was Protestant, Scots-Irish, and English.[2][3][4][5] Fisher, who was named after his father's best friend, Mike Todd, is the second of two children born to his parents. His sister, Carrie Fisher, was born in 1956.
His parents divorced in 1959. A later marriage between his father and actress Connie Stevens resulted in the births of Fisher's two half-sisters, Joely Fisher and Tricia Leigh Fisher. In 1960, his mother married Harry Karl, owner of a chain of shoe stores. His mother and stepfather divorced in 1973, when Fisher was 15 years old.
Fisher attended Beverly Hills High School, graduating in 1976. Following high school graduation, he attended the Southern California Institute of Architecture in Los Angeles.[6]
In 1980, Fisher became a born-again Christian and was subsequently ordained as a minister in 1982. Following his ordination, he founded Hiding Place Church, along with musician Henry Cutrona of Christian country rock band Gentle Faith. A non-denominational, charismatic congregation, the church first met in North Hollywood at his mother's DR Studios. After outgrowing that location, the church was moved to Beverly Theater in Beverly Hills. By 1986, the church had relocated from that location to Emerson Middle School in Westwood, Los Angeles, California with an average Sunday attendance of 1,000.[7][8]
On February 15, 1981, Fisher married his high school sweetheart, Donna Freberg, daughter of Stan Freberg.[7] After the couple's divorce, Fisher married Christi (née Zabel) Rivers. With their marriage, Fisher became stepfather to Vanessa, James and Brandon, Rivers' children from her marriage to singer Johnny Rivers. Fisher's wife died from cancer in 2008.[9] Fisher then married actress-businessperson Catherine Hickland on December 25, 2012.[10] The couple has a home in Las Vegas and a ranch in California.[11]
Career[edit]
Entertainment industry[edit]
Fisher's involvement in the entertainment industry began when he was an infant with his appearance in documentaries and short films about his mother. During his youth, Fisher began showing an interest in the technical aspects of filmmaking and focused his efforts on shooting commercials, short films, and documentaries. He was one of the youngest members of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE) labor union.[citation needed] As an adult, his technical and creative experience in professional technical and creative experience began in the 1980s. Fisher is a member of the American Society of Cinematographers.[citation needed]
In the early 1980s, Fisher worked with Trinity Broadcasting Network, where he wrote, produced and directed the comedy television program Nightlight, starring as satirical television evangelist, Reverend Hype. The show was modeled on the NBC program Saturday Night Live and featured actors and comedians such as Dan Aykroyd, Jerry Houser, Miguel Ferrer, Rene Russo, and Bernie Leadon.[7]
In 1991, he produced his first feature film, Twogether, starring Nick Cassavetes and Brenda Bakke.[citation needed]
Architectural design and sound engineering[edit]
In 1970, Fisher's mother began curating a large collection of Hollywood memorabilia starting with purchasing items from the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer auction that same year.[12][13] She spent $180,000, which accounted for the purchase of thousands of items, serving as the beginning of her ownership of movie memorabilia.[14][15] In 1972, she established the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum (HMPM) as a federally tax-exempt corporation. The museum has been recognized as the largest individual collection of Hollywood memorabilia in the world.[6][12][16]
In 1992, Reynolds and her husband Richard Hamlett bought the Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino at auction for $2.2 million.[17] The purchase was made in anticipation of spending $15 million on renovations, which included plans for establishing a home for the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. The Paddlewheel Hotel & Casino reopened in 1993, renamed The Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino.[12][18] In 1994, Fisher designed the hotel and casino's 500-seat showroom, where Reynolds performed her nightclub act, songs from her career of over 50 years in the entertainment industry.[19] The showroom also serves as a complete television production studio.[20] In addition to the showroom, Fisher also conceived and designed the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum. When Reynolds struggled with the financing to complete the project, she decided to take the company public in order to raise funds. When the museum celebrated its opening the following year, it was one of the first sites in the United States to exhibit high-definition video projection.[21]
Hotel, casino, and museum management[edit]
In March 1994, Fisher was appointed the chief financial officer and treasurer of the Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino, joining his mother, who served as chairman and secretary with both holding seats on the board of directors. When he assumed the role of CFO, it became evident that the hotel and casino was losing money each month, due to the company's poor capital structure and unsuccessful lease with the casino operator. Debbie eventually won a $10 million judgment in court against her former husband Richard Hamlett, in part for spurious financial dealing with the hotel and her personally. Additional board members of the Hollywood Museum have included Carrie Fisher, director George Lucas, Shirley MacLaine, and Elizabeth Taylor.[22]
Upon assuming the role of CEO, Fisher began restructuring the company, in order to address financial mismanagement, diminished employee morale, and poor customer service and quality throughout the hotel, casino, and restaurant.[23] Prior to March 31, 1996, Jackpot Enterprises contracted with the company to lease space to operate the casino in the hotel.[17] The company gave notice of intent to terminate the lease agreement with Jackpot in February 1996, in accordance with the terms, owing to monthly loss of revenue on a consistent basis. Gambling operations discontinued as of March 31, 1996. By December 31, 1996, the company was in default, unable to make principal and interest payments on their mortgage. Payroll taxes of approximately $1,063,000, along with other accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately $3,643,000, were also in default.[23]
In 1997, Fisher began pursuing avenues to sell the property to timeshare developer ILX (now known as Diamond Resorts International) for $16.8 million. After the deal fell through, Debbie Reynolds Hotel & Casino filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy as part of a reorganization plan. The company entered into a $22.5 million merger agreement with CFI (Central Florida Investments), also known as Westgate Resorts, which would have saved the hotel and the public company. The unsecured creditors rejected the deal and opted to auction the property hoping for a better deal. Over the objection of Management, the property was put up for auction the following year, with the winning bid at $10.65 million, going to the World Wrestling Federation.[24][25][26]
By 1999, Reynolds and Fisher began preparing to move the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum to a new location near the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles, which was scheduled to open in 2004. When the Los Angeles museum's lender could no longer fund the project, the museum was unable to complete construction on the property. In turn, they could not repay a $1.6 million bridge loan, which later became the center of a lawsuit filed against the museum by Gregory Orman.[27]
While the lawsuit between the museum and Orman waged on in the courts, the museum signed a deal to anchor the proposed Belle Island Village tourist attraction, which was scheduled to debut in fall 2008, in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. When the developer of the Belle Island Village resort met with financial struggles of their own, the construction lender Regions Bank foreclosed on the unfinished property. In response, the museum itself sought Chapter 11 protection in June 2009.[22][28][29][30] The bank initially agreed to sell the resort property to Tennessee Investment Partners, which is partially owned by the real estate investment firm of Matisse Capital, the original developer of the proposed Belle Island Village. The purchase was scheduled to close by the end of March 2010, with assurances that the buyer intended to reinstate the Hollywood Motion Picture Museum as the centerpiece attraction of the new resort. The deal additionally called for agreements for the new investor to cover the lawsuit and financial claim made by Orman. When the sale of the property to Tennessee Investment Partners and subsequent plans to relocate the museum to Tennessee fell through, Reynolds and Fisher began making plans to liquidate the memorabilia collection.[27][31]
Hollywood memorabilia auctions[edit]
In 2011, Reynolds and Fisher contracted with Profiles in History to begin auctioning the collection of Hollywood memorabilia, until enough proceeds were generated to pay off their creditors.[31] In statements made to the press, Fisher announced that his mother was "heartbroken" to have to auction off her collection, which was valued at $10.79 million in the bankruptcy filing.[28][29] The collection was sold in a series of auctions from June to December 2011.[12]
On June 18, 2011, Marilyn Monroe's "subway dress", whose skirt is raised by the updraft of a passing subway train in The Seven Year Itch, sold for $4.6 million, far in excess of pre-auction estimates of $1–2 million. Another Monroe dress, worn in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, fetched $1.2 million; it had been expected to go for $200,000 to $300,000. Estimated at $60,000 to $80,000, a blue cotton dress Judy Garland used in test shots for The Wizard of Oz went for $910,000.[32] In total, the auction grossed $22.8 million.[33]
In the second auction, held on December 3, 2011, a still-functioning Panavision PSR 35 mm camera used to film Star Wars went for $520,000, breaking records for Star Wars memorabilia and vintage cameras.[34]
Filmography[edit]

Acting


1959: A Visit with Debbie Reynolds (short) – as baby
1969: Debbie Reynolds and the Sound of Children (TV movie) – as Cub Scout
1981: Nightlight (TBN series) – as Reverend Hype
2001: These Old Broads (TV movie) – as Timothy


As himself


1963: Hollywood Without Make-Up (documentary)
2012: Hollywood Treasure


Cinematography


1988: Find Your Way Back: A Salute to the Space Shuttle (video documentary)
1989: Blue Angels: A Backstage Pass (video documentary)
2002: Cinerama Adventure (documentary)
2013: South Dakota


Directing


1991: Movie Memories with Debbie Reynolds (TV series – 12 episodes)


Editing


1994: Twogether


Producing


1994: Twogether
2017: Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (HBO documentary)

References[edit]


^ a b "Debbie Reynolds Has Son". The New York Times. February 25, 1958. p. 24. Retrieved December 29, 2016. Miss Reynolds gave birth to the child at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank.  Abstract; full article requires subscription.
^ Byrne, James Patrick; Coleman, Philip; and Jason Francis King (2008). Ireland and the Americas: Culture, Politics, and History: A Multidisciplinary Encyclopedia, Volume 2, ABC-CLIO, page 804. ISBN 978-1851096145
^ de Vries, Hilary (1994-04-24). "Q & A Hollywood Times Three Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher discuss Hollywood families, not-so-fictional novels—and baby Billie's there to chaperone". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2010-03-07. 
^ Sugarman, Joe. "Carrie Fisher’s Wild Ride". Jewish Times. Archived from the original on 2012-02-03. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ Shocket, Kathy Shayna. "'Jewish Sinatra' tells all". jewishaz.com. Archived from the original on 2012-11-20. Retrieved 29 December 2016. 
^ a b "Solar e-Clips - The Force Is Strong With Him [Todd Fisher]". Californiasolarcenter.org. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b c Anahid, Carol (1984-10-15). "But Seriously, Folks, Todd Fisher, Eddie and Debbie's Son, Is Preaching the Good Word—and Getting Laffs". People.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Stevie Nicks: Reborn through marriage!", Evening Journal, March 21, 1983, page 18-C.
^ "Christi Fisher (1957 - 2008)". Bozeman Daily Chronicle. Montana. August 27, 2008. Archived from the original on August 1, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "Family". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ "About". Catherine Hickland official website. Archived from the original on July 31, 2016. Retrieved July 31, 2016. 
^ a b c d Susan King (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds is selling her movie treasures - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Collecting Entertainment Memorabilia - a Brief History". Juliensauctions.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ RHYS THOMAS (1988-03-13). "The Ruby Slippers: A Journey to the Land of Oz - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Engagement Dates - Debbie Reynolds Show Times". Debbiereynolds.com. 1932-04-01. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Almendrala, Anna (2011-06-14). "Debbie Reynolds' Movie Memorabilia Up For Auction". Huffingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b "Debbie Reynolds goes forward with Vegas hotel". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. June 10, 1993. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "BUSINESS: Reynolds files for bankruptcy". Reviewjournal.com. 1997-07-08. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds Planning Movie Museum in Vegas - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Associated Press. 1993-05-02. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Design". Todd Fisher. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Schenden, Laurie K. (1993-07-11). "Reynolds' Unsinkable Museum : Memorabilia: Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood museum opens in Las Vegas tonight, 25 years after the plucky performer salvaged MGM's discards. - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2009-06-18). "Debbie Reynolds’ Hollywood Museum Enters Chapter 11 - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Annual Report (Small Business Issuers)". Sec.edgar-online.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Grace Leong. "Debbie Reynolds' son sues IRS in casino tax dispute - Las Vegas Sun News". Lasvegassun.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Debbie Reynolds reflects as her hotel goes on the auction block". Lodi News-Sentinel. AP. August 4, 1998. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ "Judge Raises Bid for Reynolds Hotel". Apnewsarchive.com. 1998-08-06. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2010-03-24). "Hollywood Museum Isn’t Giving Up - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ a b "Auction set for Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia - LA Daily News". Dailynews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Flory, Josh. "With no buyer, Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia to go to auction » Knoxville News Sentinel". Knoxnews.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Palank, Jacqueline (2010-09-10). "Reynolds to Auction Hollywood Memorabilia - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ a b Palank, Jacqueline (2011-05-02). "Lights, Camera, Auction - Bankruptcy Beat - WSJ". Blogs.wsj.com. Retrieved 2013-02-10. 
^ Slosson, Mary (2011-06-19). "Marilyn Monroe subway dress sells for $4.6 million". Reuters. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Barro, Josh (2011-06-24). "Hollywood Auction Ends Myth of Zaftig Marilyn: Virginia Postrel". Bloomberg. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 
^ Ben Child (2011-12-06). "Star Wars camera breaks auction record". The Guardian. London: Guardian Media Group. Retrieved 2013-01-07. 


External links[edit]

Todd Fisher on IMDb







v
t
e


Carrie Fisher



Novels



Postcards from the Edge (1987)
Surrender the Pink (1990)
Delusions of Grandma (1993)
The Best Awful There Is (2004)





Non-fiction books



Hollywood Moms (2001)
Wishful Drinking (2008)
Shockaholic (2011)
The Princess Diarist (2016)





In popular culture



Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds (2016 documentary)





Family



Billie Lourd (daughter)
Debbie Reynolds (mother)
Eddie Fisher (father)
Todd Fisher (brother)
Joely Fisher (paternal half-sister)
Tricia Leigh Fisher (paternal half-sister)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Todd_Fisher&oldid=791665489"					
Categories: 1958 births20th-century American male actors21st-century American male actorsActors from Las VegasAmerican audio engineersAmerican cinematographersAmerican documentary filmmakersAmerican film directorsAmerican film producersAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Russian-Jewish descentAmerican people of Scotch-Irish descentArchitects from CaliforniaBeverly Hills High School alumniHollywood history and cultureLiving peopleMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from NevadaMuseum directorsSouthern California Institute of Architecture alumniAmerican chief executivesAmerican chief financial officersHidden categories: Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2013All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Tiếng Việt 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 18:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Fisher Todd Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Fisher Todd Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Fisher's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Fisher Todd's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Fisher Todd's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Fisher Todd 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Fisher’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailFisher’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Fisher’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Fisher is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Fisher’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Fisher is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Fisher's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Fisher's background in the comforts of home.
Fisher will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Fisher's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Fisher Todd, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Fisher's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 








































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















 CRESCENT | Travers Tool Co., Inc.
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home Supplies and More CRESCENT                          Narrow Results             CRESCENT                      Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Metalworking Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home Metalworking Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide       Metalworking       Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide     Measuring & Inspection Tools    Machine Tool Accessories    Industrial Machinery    Indexable Cutting Tools    Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools    Cutting Fluids & Lubricants    Tooling Components & Workholding             Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide Travers Tool offers a wide range of High Speed Steel (HSS) & Solid Carbide cutting tools. We are an industry leader in the cutting tool business and have all of the tools and expertise you are looking for. Our selection of tools includes blanks & tools bits, Solid boring bars, broaches, chasers, counterbores & step drills, countersinks, dies, drills, end mills, extractors, knurls & knurling tools, milling cutters, reamers, saw blades, shell mills, slitting saws, slotting saws, circular saws, taps, tool bit holders & trepanning tools. We carry many of the top industry brands including Niagara Cutter, Starrett, Nachi, Micro100, TTC, YG-1 & more! All of these tools are made to cut and drill through your toughest applications. Travers catalog includes more than 150,000 products. With our knowledge & great customer service, Travers is the place for your cutting tool needs!      Product Categories        End Mills (29166)        Drills (23139)        Taps, Tap Extensions & Tap Wrenches (8944)        Reamers (5073)        Blanks & Tool Bits (2260)        Countersinks (2827)        Saw Blades (2603)        Trepanning Tools & Annular Cutters (1454)        Counterbores & Step Drills (676)        Milling Cutters (4060)        Slitting, Slotting, Circular Saw (2624)        Boring Bars - Solid (4427)        Broaches (480)        Dies (848)        Knurls & Knurling Tools (312)        Extractors (265)        Chasers (162)        Shell Mills (511)        Tool Bit Holders (86)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Tooling Components & Workholding | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home Metalworking Tooling Components & Workholding       Metalworking      Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide    Measuring & Inspection Tools    Machine Tool Accessories    Industrial Machinery    Indexable Cutting Tools    Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools    Cutting Fluids & Lubricants     Tooling Components & Workholding              Tooling Components & Workholding Travers Tool has an array of tooling components and workholding. Travers Tool's selection includes, but not limited to, angle blocks, plates, ball bearing parallels, centering elements, clamps and stops, drill jig bushings, fixation elements, knobs and handles, leveling, alignments and setting, magnets, nuts, parallels, shim stock, springs, studs, and t-slots. Travers Tool also has, vise, expanded edge, and vertical clams as well as assorted sets.      Product Categories        Vise Pallets (2)        Sets - Assorted (64)        Clamps - Vertical (17)        Toggle Clamps (77)        Knobs & Handles (177)        Shim Stock (591)        Studs (239)        Washers (81)        Nuts (85)        Angle Blocks - Precision (44)        Angle Plates (129)        Drill Jig Bushings (1050)        Ball Bearing Parallels (3)        Magnets (75)        Clamps - Expanded Edge (5)        Springs (355)        Clamps & Stops (99)        T-Slot (111)        Leveling, Alignment & Setting (109)        Centering Elements (852)        Parallels (82)        Clamps - Edge & Vise (81)        Fixation Elements (403)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                           Hand & Power Tools | Travers Tool
                        ×Close  Product Added to Your Cart        Continue Shopping     Go to Shopping Cart             ×Close  Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.        Continue Shopping              MENU                                      My Account  Sign In / Register            Phone: 800.221.0270  Fax: 800.722.0703                   Search           Cart 0 (0) – $0.00                       Home MRO Hand & Power Tools       MRO       Hand & Power Tools     Fluid Power    Safety & Hygiene Supplies    Storage & Workshop Equipment    Material Handling Equipment    Adhesives, Paint & Sundries    Fasteners    Welding & Soldering Equipment             Hand & Power Tools These are the tools that should be found in every shop and household across the country. Travers has a huge inventory of Hand & Power tools. The selection includes benders, brushes, spatulas & chip removal, clamps, hacksaw frames, hammers, mallets & faces, keys & wrenches, knives, magnetic tooling, marking equipment, pin vises, pipe working applications, pliers, pneumatic power tools, power bits, power tools & accessories, pry bars, pullers, punches, punches & chisels, scissors, screwdrivers, mechanic's sets, snips, bolt cutters, cable cutters, sockets & accessories, torque tools, tweezers & probes, bench vises, wrenches, staplers & staples. We carry some of the best and most well-known brands including Craftsman, Allen, Bondhus, Starrett, OTMT, Stanley, TTC, DeWalt, Channellock, Lixie, Nupla & many more! With over 150,000 items to choose from Travers should be your #1 choice for hand & power tools.      Product Categories        Pneumatic Power Tools (265)        Hose-Air (135)        Hose (349)        Keys & Wrenches (508)        Hammers_Mallets & Faces (475)        Punches & Chisels (1273)        Clamps (193)        Vises-Bench (101)        Wrenches (1373)        Screwdrivers (378)        Sockets & Accessories (2147)        Marking Equipment (575)        Sets (63)        Torque Tools (141)        Pliers (297)        Punches (1)        Knives (62)        Power Bits (151)        Tweezers & Probes (39)        Brushes, Spatulas & Chip Removal (37)        Snips, Bolt & Cable Cutters (62)        Pin Vises (11)        Pry Bars (11)        Magnetic Tooling (5)        Hand Saws (5)        Pipe Working Applications (11)        Scissors (6)        Pullers (13)        Power Tools & Accessories (197)        Hydraulic Tools (2)                Sign Up for Exclusive Savings!       Subscribe to receive Travers emails & hear about new arrivals, special promotions and exclusive offers      Sign-Up              Request Your FREE Catalog! Over 1,800 full-color pages geared to the metalworking industry!    Request Free Catalog                                                          