 







	Dow Chemical names new president and COO: James R. Fitterling | 						MLive.com














































MLive



Michigan







Ann Arbor
Bay City
Detroit
Flint
Grand Rapids
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Lansing
Muskegon
Saginaw
All Michigan





















Back to Main Menu

Close

Customize Your Weather

Set Your Location:

Enter City and State or Zip Code





Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.





AccuWeather.com Quick Look

Change your current location »

View Full Weather Report










Search











Search MLive





Account
Sign In





Close


Sign in toMLive






You are signed in as



Edit
Public Profile
Sign Out









Subscribe






The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News






Michigan
Change Region











Dow Chemical names new president and COO: James R. Fitterling


Comment


Updated on February  3, 2016 at 10:04 AM
Posted on February  2, 2016 at 11:01 AM

























 
 

Aerial flyover of Dow's new corporate campus in Midland
Dow Chemical Co. plans to finish work in 2017 on a new six-story building with room for 600 employees. The new building will replace the Willard H. Dow Center 2020 building and serve as the centerpiece of the company's corporate headquarters in Midland.






    
        
            By Mark Tower
mtower@mlive.com





UPDATE: Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris to 'transition out' after DuPont merger
MIDLAND, MI -- Dow Chemical Co. has announced the appointment of a new president and chief operating officer as the company moves toward a merger with DuPont.
James "Jim" R. Fitterling will take on the leadership roles, according to a Tuesday, Feb. 2, press release from the Midland-based chemical giant.
Fitterling, who has worked with Dow for 32 years, previously held the position of Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, he will continue to have executive accountability for all of Dow's businesses, excluding Dow AgroSciences.
The new president and chief operating officer will continue to report to Dow Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew N. Liveris, who was previously also serving as the company's president.
According to the press release from the company, Fitterling will "play a central role in helping drive the successful completion" of the proposed merger between Dow and DuPont announced in December and the "subsequent establishment of its three independent public companies."
James R. Fitterling
At the time the merger between Dow and DuPont was announced, Dow also announced it would fully acquire its joint venture, Bay County-based Dow Corning Corp.
The result will be a new combined company with a market capitalization of approximately $130 billion called DowDuPont.
DowDuPont subsequently will be separated into three independent, publicly-traded companies: an agriculture company with $19 billion in revenue, a material science company with $51 billion in revenue and a specialty products company with $13 billion in revenue.
The separation is expected to occur 18 to 24 months following the closing of the merger, subject to regulatory and board approval, officials said.
Related: 5 things to know about the Dow-DuPont mega merger
When announcing Fitterling's appointment, Liveris expressed his confidence in Fitterling's leadership during work on the merger, which he described as "well underway" and the creation of the resulting three companies.
"Jim has been a tremendous leader for Dow for more than three decades and has spent his entire career at our great company," he said. "His appointment to the position of President is well deserved and a reflection of his abilities and commitment to our company.
"In Jim and our Chief Financial Officer Howard Ungerleider, I am pleased to have two outstanding leaders as part of the senior leadership team at Dow leading this historic transformation of our company and our industry. I look forward to working closely with both of them to bring that transformation to completion," Liveris said in a statement.
Andrew N. Liveris
Dow Chemical, a Fortune 50 company with about 53,000 employees worldwide, has more than a century of history in Midland. Earlier this year, company officials announced plans to build a new six-story corporate center there.
The new 150,000-square-foot building is to replace the current 2020 Willard H. Dow Center in Midland, and will be part of the company's 150-acre corporate headquarters campus located off East Patrick Road.
Dow Chemical has more than 6,000 product families manufactured at 201 sites in 35 countries.
Last year, the company had annual sales of more than $58 billion. Earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, was about $9 billion.
See some of the photos we have taken of Dow Chemical Co. over the years:










56
Gallery: A local look at Dow Chemical Co. over the years


    

	

 
Mark Tower covers local government for MLive/The Saginaw News. Contact him at 989-284-4807, by email at mtower@mlive.com or follow him on Twitter, Facebook or Google+.



View Comments
























Dow Names James R. Fitterling as President and Chief Operating Officer















































coatings.specialchem.com


adhesives.specialchem.com


omnexus.specialchem.com


cosmetics.specialchem.com


polymer-additives.specialchem.com


specialchem4bio.com


specialchem.com





Login

Forgot password?



No account? Register for free




Welcome back, 
My Profile

My Interests

My Subscriptions

My Courses & Tutorials


Logout





The Universal Selection Source: Coatings Ingredients




All types
Author
CAS Number
Documents
News
Patents
Products
Supplier
Trade name











Universal Selector





Supplier Listing





Innovation Resources







Open Innovation





Open Requests


Participate


About Open Innovation










A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More







Video Tutorials 



All Tutorials (26) 



Coatings Courses & Trainings 



Check Upcoming Courses (16) 


Start an On-Demand Course (110) 










Next Course
FTIR Made Easy for Better Identification of Plastics
Aug 29, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
UV/ EB Coatings: Optimizing Curing in Practice
Aug 30, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
Thermoplastics Composites Interface Optimization
Aug 31, 2017


More info and registration







Tech Resources



Tech Library


Selection Guides


Latest Patents


Webinars & Videos





News & Community



News


Editorials


Industry Events


Subscribe to our Newsletters









Channels







Channels




Architectural Coatings



Automotive Coatings



Environmentally Friendly Coatings




Industrial Coatings



Inks



Powder Coatings





More Channels



Acrylic Coatings
Epoxy Coatings
Marine and Protective Coatings
Polyurethane Coatings
Wood Coatings




Aerospace Coatings
European Coatings Show 2017
Plastic Coatings
UV / EB Technology



Show all Channels







Register







Register for free






Find 160,000+ Product Technical Datasheets in our Universal Selectors


Access expert knowledge for a richer and faster product selection (Online Courses, Selection Guides, Articles…)






Stay up-to-date with industry and product news thanks to newsletters and alerts


Join 500,000+ registered members. One-time registration to access multiple industries!






It only takes 2 minutes




Continue



















Home
News
Dow Names James R. Fitterling as President and Chief Operating Officer



Print
Send

Share



















Industry News



Dow Names James R. Fitterling as President and Chief Operating Officer



Published on 2016-02-03. Author :
SpecialChem









MIDLAND -- The Dow Chemical Company announced the appointment of James (Jim) R. Fitterling to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, Fitterling will continue to report to Dow Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew N. Liveris.



 


Fig. 1: Dow Chemical Company





Fitterling, who has worked with Dow for 32 years, previously held the position of Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, he will continue to have executive accountability for all of Dow’s businesses excluding Dow AgroSciences.

Mr. Fitterling will also play a central role in helping drive the successful completion of the proposed DowDuPont merger and subsequent establishment of its three independent public companies.

Announcing the appointment, Mr. Liveris said: “Jim has been a tremendous leader for Dow for more than three decades and has spent his entire career at our great company. He is performing a critical role for our team in the work that is already well underway on the completion of the DowDuPont merger and the subsequent establishment of the three previously announced independent public companies that will be created at the end of the process. His appointment to the position of President is well deserved and a reflection of his abilities and commitment to our company. In Jim and our Chief Financial Officer Howard Ungerleider, I am pleased to have two outstanding leaders as part of the senior leadership team at Dow leading this historic transformation of our company and our industry. I look forward to working closely with both of them to bring that transformation to completion."

About Dow

Dow combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The Company is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, chemical and biological science to help address many of the world's most challenging problems such as the need for clean water, clean energy generation and conservation, and increasing agricultural productivity. Dow's integrated, market-driven, industry-leading portfolio of specialty chemical, advanced materials, agrosciences and plastics businesses delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to customers in approximately 180 countries and in high-growth sectors such as packaging, electronics, water, coatings and agriculture. In 2015, Dow had annual sales of nearly $49 billion and employed approximately 49,500 people worldwide. 

Source: Dow
 








PS: If you liked this News, you might enjoy our Coatings Industry Newsletter. All the Industry News delivered twice a week right to your inbox. Sign up here!







  


External links 



Formulate Without WETTING AGENTS - They are often not needed & create foam issues!
Get Insider Knowledge to Better Select your Additives & Solve your Coatings Formulation Issues... 
How to Maximize the Adhesion of your Ink on Flexible PP Packaging -- Video Tutorial





Be the first to comment on "Dow Names James R. Fitterling as President and Chief Operating Officer"










Leave a comment







Want to comment? Please, simply login or register.






Login

No Account yet? Register for freeForgot Password ?






Comment *





Rate this Content 

















Your email address and name will not be published
submitting a comment or rating implies your acceptance to SpecialChem Terms & Conditions




















Subscribe to newsletters

Product Newsletter

Weekly

Industry News

Bi-weekly

Tech Solutions & Innovations Newsletter

Monthly


Subscribe














Quick Navigation


Marketing services

Online courses

Program analytics

Become an expert

About us

Careers

Contact us






Stay connected
Subscribe to our Newsletters


Subscribe

Follow us  on LinkedIn
Follow us  on Twitter
Subscribe to our  Youtube channel





Copyright © SpecialChem 2017 | Visit www.specialchem.com
Terms and Conditions | Cookie policy






Back to Top








James R. Fitterling | Dow




 













The Human Element At Work



































Find Global Websites and Locations



                            Region
                        
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America




Country














 

 

 

 

 















Home


Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Leadership


James R. Fitterling










James (Jim) R. Fitterling

President and Chief Operating Officer
The Dow Chemical Company
James (Jim) R. Fitterling is President and Chief Operating Officer of The Dow Chemical Company, a global material science company with 2016 annual sales of nearly $48 billion. He is a member of the Office of the Chairman and CEO.
As a member of Dow’s most senior leadership, Fitterling has played a key role in developing and executing Dow’s strategy to invest in a market-driven portfolio of advantaged and technology-enabled businesses that create value for our shareholders and customers.
Fitterling has executive accountability for all of Dow’s businesses excluding Dow AgroSciences.  He also oversees operations including Environment, Health & Safety and Sustainability, Manufacturing and Engineering, and Supply Chain, as well as Research & Development. In addition, Fitterling has a strong commitment to diversifying the Company’s global talent and actively serves as the Executive Sponsor for the Dow’s Women’s Innovation Network.
Fitterling joined Dow in 1984 and served in a variety of Sales, Marketing and Supply Chain positions before being named Commercial Director for Liquid Separations, Dow Pacific in 1994. He was appointed Global Business Director for Liquid Separations and President and CEO of FilmTec Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company in 1998. In 2000, he was named General Manager for Dow Thailand and Managing Director for the SCC-Dow Group of joint venture companies.
In 2002, Fitterling was named CEO of The OPTIMAL Group, affiliate of Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), Malaysia's state-owned oil corporation and The Dow Chemical Company. He added responsibility for the Southeast Asia and Australia region in February 2004. He also served as the Vice President of the Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MICCI) and was the Dow Representative to U.S. ASEAN Business Council.
Fitterling was named Business Vice President for Polyethylene in December 2005; President, Basic Plastics in March 2007; Vice President of Corporate Development in April 2009; Senior Vice President of Corporate Development in April 2010; Executive Vice President of The Dow Chemical Company & President, Plastics & Hydrocarbons in August 2010; and Executive Vice President of The Dow Chemical Company & President, Corporate Development & Hydrocarbons in March 2011. Fitterling assumed additional executive oversight of the Company’s Chemicals & Energy Division in August 2011, in addition to his existing executive role for Corporate Development and Hydrocarbons. In September 2012, he assumed executive oversight for Feedstocks, Performance Plastics. Fitterling was named Vice Chairman, Business Operations in 2014. He was named Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer in 2015 and promoted to his current role in February 2016.
Fitterling is a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Manufacturers, a member of the Board of Directors of the Chemical Financial Corporation, and a member of the Board of Directors of Sadara Chemical Company.
Fitterling earned a Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Missouri - Columbia.
Revised: 6/8/2017























Leadership | Dow




 













The Human Element At Work



































Find Global Websites and Locations



                            Region
                        
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America




Country














 

 

 

 

 















Home


Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Leadership










Leadership

Andrew N. Liveris
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Andrew N. Liveris is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Dow Chemical Company. A 40-year veteran of Dow, Liveris' career has spanned roles in manufacturing, engineering, sales, marketing, and business and general management around the world. During more than a decade as Dow’s CEO, Liveris has led the Company’s transformation from a cyclical chemicals manufacturing company into a novel enterprise – one powered by science, driven by innovation and delivering solutions to the world.
 At Dow, our leadership organization places decision-making at the appropriate level and ensures that the proper checks and balances are in place. 
Board of Directors
 Dow’s Board of Directors is intimately involved in the strategy and operations of the Company – conducting thorough reviews and asking difficult questions. Dow exemplifies good governance with a lead director; directors with solid, diverse experience and credentials; corporate governance guidelines; and codes of business conduct and financial ethics. A substantial majority of Dow's Board members are independent directors. 
Corporate Officers
 Corporate Officers facilitate the strong connection between the Company and its Board of Directors, collectively enabling the highest standards for governance. 
Office of the Chairman and CEO
 Accountable for maximizing shareholder value, Dow’s Office of the Chairman and CEO (OCC) sets strategic direction, defines priorities, establishes corporate policy, and manages governance and enterprise-level decisions for the Company. 
Executive Leadership Council
 Dow’s Executive Leadership Council team drives an operationally excellent culture focused on executing against the Company’s strategic priorities.





Financial Reporting



Dow Chemical(DOW)


                Last Price
                


                Volume
                


                Change
                


                High
                


                Low
                




                Last Trade
                

Stock Performance › 



Investor Communications


2016 Dow Annual Report


Investor Presentations




Events 


Aug-08
Dow Chemical Hiring Event




Aug-21
2017 Diamond Symposium




View All Events




Subscribe to Dow Alerts




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














James R. Fitterling - President & Chief Operating Officer at Dow Chemical Company



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James R. Fitterling
President & Chief Operating Officer at Dow Chemical Company



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


James R. Fitterling
President & Chief Operating Officer at Dow Chemical Company



 Overview



Primary Location


Michigan




Age



55
                                  (Born 1962)
                                              




Notable Companies


Dow Chemical Company

Basic Plastics Co., Inc.

The Optimal Group of Cos.




Board Seats



11





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,625 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




ENP Newswire
July 17, 2017





                        Dow Announces Changes in Key Executive Leadership Roles                     





Business Wire
July 13, 2017





                        Dow Announces Changes in Key Executive Leadership Roles                    





Business Wire
July 12, 2017





                        Dow Names Karen S. Carter as Chief Inclusion Officer                    





RelSci
June 10, 2017





                        James R. Fitterling is now serving in a new board position at National Association of Manufacturers                    





ENP Newswire
June 9, 2017





                        Dow President and COO Jim Fitterling Named to Manufacturers Association Board of Directors                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Andrew N. Liveris

Chief Executive Officer at Dow Chemical Company




Howard I. Ungerleider

Chief Financial Officer at Dow Chemical Company





Michael R. Gambrell

Former Business Director, North America Chlor Alkali Assets Business at Dow Chemical Company




Charles J. Kalil

Executive Vice President & General Counsel at Dow Chemical Company





Arnold A. Allemang

Regional Vice President-Manufacturing & Administration at Dow Benelux BV




William S. Stavropoulos

Founder at Michigan Baseball Foundation





James D. McIlvenny

Senior Vice President at Cia Mega SA




Jacqueline K. Barton

Professor of Chemistry at California Institute of Technology





Thomas W. Kohn

Chief Executive Officer, Insite Capital LLC at Chemical Financial Corp.




Dennis H. Reilley

Advisory Partner at Trian Fund Management LP







See 1,615 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,615 More 


 


 Paths to James R. Fitterling



            James R. Fitterling          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James R. Fitterling






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James R. Fitterling.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering 


University of Missouri - Columbia

                  University of Missouri was founded in 1839 in Columbia, Missouri. MU is a major land-grant institution and Missouri's largest public research university. It is one of only 34 public universities, and the only public institution in Missouri, to be selected for membership in the Association of American Universities. MU offers more than 280 degree programs including more than 75 online degree options and is designated as comprehensive doctoral with medical/veterinary by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.                





 Career History



Chief Operating Officer, Material Science

                                    2016 - Current                


Dowdupont, Inc.






President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    1984 - Current                


Dow Chemical Company


                  The Dow Chemical Co. manufactures and supplies products used primarily as raw materials in the manufacture of customer products and services. It serves the industries, including appliance; automotive; agricultural; building and construction; chemical processing; electronics; furniture; house wares; oil and gas; packaging; paints, coatings and adhesives; personal care; pharmaceutical; processed foods; pulp and paper; textile and carpet; utilities; and water treatment. The company operates through five segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions, Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics. The Agricultural Sciences segment provides crop protection and seed/plant biotechnology products and technologies, urban pest management solutions and healthy oils. The Consumer Solutions segment consist three global businesses: Consumer Care, Dow Automotive Systems and Dow Electronic Materials. The Infrastructure Solutions segment comprises of an industry-leading portfolio of businesses utilizing advanced technology to deliver products such as architectural and industrial coating applications, building insulation, adhesives, microbial protection for the oil and gas industry, and water technologies. The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment comprises of five technology-driven, customer-centric global businesses that are advantaged through integration and driven by innovative technology and solutions: Chlor-Alkali and Vinyl, Chlorinated Organics, Epoxy, Industrial Solutions and Polyurethanes. The Performance Plastics segment is a leading lastics franchise, and is a market-oriented portfolio composed of five global businesses: Dow Elastomers, Dow Electrical and Telecommunications, Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics, Energy and Hydrocarbons. The company was founded by Herbert Henry Dow in 1947 and is headquartered in Midland, MI.                




General Manager

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Siam Styrene Monomer Co. Ltd.






General Manager

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Siam Polystyrene Co. Ltd.


                  Siam Polystrene Co., Ltd. is engaged in manufacture of General Purpose Polystyrene and High Impact Polystyrene. The company was founded on May 18, 1993 and is headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.                




Global Business Director, Liquid Separations

                                    Prior                


Dow Chemical Pacific Ltd.


                  Dow Chemical Pacific Ltd., a subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Co., is a Hongkongese company that manufactures polymers & chemical products.                




President

                                    2007 - Prior                


Basic Plastics Co., Inc.






Chief Executive Officer

                                    2002 - 2005                


The Optimal Group of Cos.


                  The Optimal Group of Cos. manufactures chemical products for petroleum refineries. Its products include ethylene, propylene, pyrolysis gasoline, butanol, automotive brake fluids, butyl derivatives and basic chemicals. The company was founded in July 1998 and is located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.                




General Manager

                                    2000 - Prior                


Dow Chemical Thailand Ltd.






President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1998 - 2000                


Filmtec Corp.






Vice President

                                    Prior                


Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce & Industry







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Non-Executive Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Sadara Chemical Company

                    Established in October 2011, Sadara Chemical Company is a joint venture developed by the Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco) and The Dow Chemical Company (Dow). It is an unprecedented undertaking – the largest chemical complex ever built in the world in a single phase, with 26 integrated world-scale manufacturing plants, over 3 million metric tons of capacity per year, and a total investment of about US$20 billion.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2010 - Current                  


Chemical Financial Corp.

                    Chemical Financial Corp. is a diversified financial holding company, which operates through its subsidiary, Chemical Bank. The bank operates through an internal organizational structure of regional banking units, offering traditional banking, fiduciary products, services to the residents and business customers in its geographical market areas. Its offers business and personal checking accounts, savings and individual retirement accounts, time deposit instruments, electronically accessed banking products, residential and commercial real estate financing, commercial lending, consumer financing, debit cards, safe deposit box services, money transfer services, automated teller machines, access to insurance and investment products, corporate and personal wealth management services, and other banking services. The company was founded in August 1973 and is headquartered in Midland, MI.                  




Director

                    2010 - Current                  


Chemical Bank

                    Chemical Bank's hometown approach to banking has been focused on community banking, highlighted by local leadership and decision making, a devotion to community and personalized service.Chemical Financial Corporation is the second largest banking company headquartered and operating branch offices in Michigan.                  




Chairman

                    Current                  


Univation Technologies LLC

                    Part of The Dow Chemical Co., Univation Technologies LLC is a company headquartered in Houston, TX. The firm manufactures chemical products for polyethylene production. On 06 May 15 The Dow Chemical Co. acquired Univation Technologies LLC from Exxon Mobil Corp.                  




Director

                    Current                  


The Kuwait Olefins Co.






Director

                    Current                  


Dow-Mitsui Chlor-Alkali LLC






Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer

                    1984 - Prior                  


Dow Chemical Company

                    The Dow Chemical Co. manufactures and supplies products used primarily as raw materials in the manufacture of customer products and services. It serves the industries, including appliance; automotive; agricultural; building and construction; chemical processing; electronics; furniture; house wares; oil and gas; packaging; paints, coatings and adhesives; personal care; pharmaceutical; processed foods; pulp and paper; textile and carpet; utilities; and water treatment. The company operates through five segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions, Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics. The Agricultural Sciences segment provides crop protection and seed/plant biotechnology products and technologies, urban pest management solutions and healthy oils. The Consumer Solutions segment consist three global businesses: Consumer Care, Dow Automotive Systems and Dow Electronic Materials. The Infrastructure Solutions segment comprises of an industry-leading portfolio of businesses utilizing advanced technology to deliver products such as architectural and industrial coating applications, building insulation, adhesives, microbial protection for the oil and gas industry, and water technologies. The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment comprises of five technology-driven, customer-centric global businesses that are advantaged through integration and driven by innovative technology and solutions: Chlor-Alkali and Vinyl, Chlorinated Organics, Epoxy, Industrial Solutions and Polyurethanes. The Performance Plastics segment is a leading lastics franchise, and is a market-oriented portfolio composed of five global businesses: Dow Elastomers, Dow Electrical and Telecommunications, Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics, Energy and Hydrocarbons. The company was founded by Herbert Henry Dow in 1947 and is headquartered in Midland, MI.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


MEGlobal BV

                    MEGlobal BV markets chemical products. It provides monoethylene glycol and diethylene glycol for use in the production of a wide variety of products such as polyester fibers, polyethylene resins, antifreeze formulations, and other industrial products. The company serves industrial chemical consumers worldwide. MEGlobal is headquartered in Hoek, the Netherlands.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Equate Petrochemical Co. KSCC

                    EQUATE Petrochemical Co. KSCC manufactures and supplies petrochemical products. It produces ethylene, ethylene glycol, polypropylene, paraxylene and benzene; polyethylene for various applications, including packaging materials, blow molded bottles and containers; and styrene monomer. The firm also provides monoethylene and diethylene glycol that are used in polyester, PET bottles, antifreeze, automotive tires, seats and electrical insulation. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Safat, Kuwait.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2017 - Current                  


National Association of Manufacturers

                    The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) is the largest manufacturing association in the United States, representing small and large manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states. Manufacturing employs nearly 12 million men and women, contributes more than $1.8 trillion to the U.S. economy annually, has the largest economic impact of any major sector and accounts for two-thirds of private-sector research and development. The NAM is the powerful voice of the manufacturing community and the leading advocate for a policy agenda that helps manufacturers compete in the global economy and create jobs across the United States.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Midland Country Club







 Political Donations



$416

                  2014                


PAC of Employees of Dow Chemical (PACE)







$1,000

                  2014                


MIDLAND COUNTY REPUBLICAN PARTY







$416

                  2013                


PAC of Employees of Dow Chemical (PACE)







$2,000

                  2013                


Gary Peters


                  Senator at Office of the Senator from Michigan, Gary Peters                




$1,000

                  2013                


Ron Wyden


                  Senator from Oregon                






See 15 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 15 More 






 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              James R. Fitterling is affiliated with
                            Dowdupont, Inc., Dow Chemical Company, Siam Styrene Monomer Co. Ltd., Siam Polystyrene Co. Ltd., Dow Chemical Pacific Ltd., Basic Plastics Co., Inc., The Optimal Group of Cos., Dow Chemical Thailand Ltd., Filmtec Corp., Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Sadara Chemical Company, Chemical Financial Corp., Chemical Bank, Univation Technologies LLC, The Kuwait Olefins Co., Dow-Mitsui Chlor-Alkali LLC, Dow Chemical Company, MEGlobal BV, Equate Petrochemical Co. KSCC, National Association of Manufacturers, Midland Country Club.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 












James R. Fitterling, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY President & COO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















James R. Fitterling
President & COO, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for James R. Fitterling at THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY. James R. Fitterling works as President & COO , acting in a Executive Management role .  THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY is a leader in Industrial Chemicals .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/27/2017:


The Dow Chemical (DOW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

..... Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.
On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. .....

People In This Article:
James R. Fitterling
,                                            Neal Sheorey
 

07/22/2017:


Stuart Varney: Trump Has Already Made 'America $4 Trillion Richer in Just 6 Months

..... USA will own the energy, chemical,LNG and petrochemical industries also Low energy cost and abundant supplies of oil and gas The USA will end up owning big chunks of these industries The U.S. is expected to see a wave of petrochemical plant openings between now and next year. Those plants represent about $50 billion of $160 billion in manufacturing investment earmarked by the industry since 2012, according to James Fitterling, president and COO of Dow Chemical. Among them are several big ethylene plants, including one expected to be opened by Dow in Freeport, Texas, in the second quarter. .....

People In This Article:
James R. Fitterling
 






Learn more about James R. Fitterling  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about James R. Fitterling and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






































James R. Fitterling - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James R. Fitterling
President and Chief Operating Officer at The Dow Chemical Company


View Full Profile
Are you James R. Fitterling? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James R. Fitterling's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James R. Fitterling's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James R. Fitterling's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James R. Fitterling through your network of contacts.
												








James R. Fitterling's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Operating Officer, 
The Dow Chemical Company


Board Member, 
Chemical Financial


Past
To view James R. Fitterling's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


James R. Fitterling's Biography



James R. Fitterling, age 55, has served as a director of Chemical Financial since July 2010 and is Chairman of the Compensation and Pension Committee and a member of the Audit, Corporate Governance and Nominating and Risk Management Committees. Mr. Fitterling served as a director of Chemical Bank from July 2010 until April 2015. Mr. Fitterling is President and Chief Operating Officer of The Dow Chemical Company (Dow). Dow is a diversified science and technology company that manufactures chemical, plastic and agricultural products. Mr. Fitterling joined Dow in 1984. After serving in a variety of sales, marketing and supply chain positions in L ...
(Read More)

			James R. Fitterling, age 55, has served as a director of Chemical Financial since July 2010 and is Chairman of the Compensation and Pension Committee and a member of the Audit, Corporate Governance and Nominating and Risk Management Committees. Mr. Fitterling served as a director of Chemical Bank from July 2010 until April 2015. Mr. Fitterling is President and Chief Operating Officer of The Dow Chemical Company (Dow). Dow is a diversified science and technology company that manufactures chemical, plastic and agricultural products. Mr. Fitterling joined Dow in 1984. After serving in a variety of sales, marketing and supply chain positions in Liquid Separations, he was named Commercial Director for Liquid Separations, Dow Pacific in 1994. In 1998, he was appointed Global Business Director for Liquid Separations and President and CEO of FilmTec Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dow. In 2000, he was named General Manager for Dow Thailand and Managing Director for SCC-Dow Group of joint venture companies. In 2002, he became CEO of The OPTIMAL Group, affiliate of Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), Malaysia's state-owned oil corporation and Dow. He added responsibility for the Southeast Asia and Australia region in 2004. Mr. Fitterling was named Business Vice President for Polyethylene in 2005; President, Basic Plastics in 2007; Vice President of Corporate Development in 2009; Senior Vice President of Corporate Development in April 2010; Executive Vice President of Dow and President, Plastics and Hydrocarbons in August 2010; and Executive Vice President of Dow and President, Corporate Development and Hydrocarbons in March 2011. Mr. Fitterling assumed additional executive oversight of Dow's Chemicals and Energy Division in August 2011, assumed executive oversight for Feedstocks, Performance Plastics, Asia and Latin America in September 2012, was named Vice Chairman, Business Operations in October 2014, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer in October 2015 and was named to his current role in February 2016. Mr. Fitterling is a member of Dow's Office of the Chairman and CEO. He also serves as a member of the board of directors of Sadara Chemical Company. In nominating Mr. Fitterling, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considered as important factors Mr. Fitterling's experience as a leader in a large, geographically diverse publicly-held corporation, his experience and familiarity with financial statements of large business organizations, and his familiarity with an important market area in which Chemical Financial competes.
		
Source: Chemical Financial on 02/09/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James R. Fitterling's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James R. Fitterling. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James R. Fitterling's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James R. Fitterling's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James R. Fitterling through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James R. Fitterling


















James R. Fitterling's Connections (80)





Sign up now to view James R. Fitterling's 80 connections »









Gary E. Anderson
Board Member, Chemical Financial









Dennis H. Reilley
Board Member, Marathon Oil Corporation









Andrew N. Liveris
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, The Dow Chemical Company









Fernando Ruiz
Board Member, Adtalem Global Education Inc.









James A. Bell
Board Member, The Dow Chemical Company









John B. Hess
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Hess Corporation









Robert S. Miller
Chairman, Symantec Corporation









Jerome A. Peribere
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Sealed Air Corporation









Ajaypal S. Banga
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Mastercard Incorporated









Joe E. Harlan
Vice Chairman and Chief Commercial Officer, The Dow Chemical Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 



Dow Announces Appointment of James R. Fitterling as President and Chief Operating Officer | Business Wire
























































Dow Announces Appointment of James R. Fitterling as President and 
      Chief Operating Officer






February 02, 2016 06:46 AM Eastern Standard Time



MIDLAND, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE:DOW) today announced the appointment of 
      James (Jim) R. Fitterling to the position of President and Chief 
      Operating Officer. In his new role, Fitterling will continue to report 
      to Dow Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew N. Liveris.
    

      Fitterling, who has worked with Dow for 32 years, previously held the 
      position of Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, 
      he will continue to have executive accountability for all of Dow’s 
      businesses excluding Dow AgroSciences.
    

      Mr. Fitterling will also play a central role in helping drive the 
      successful completion of the proposed DowDuPont merger and subsequent 
      establishment of its three independent public companies.
    

      Announcing the appointment, Mr. Liveris said: “Jim has been a tremendous 
      leader for Dow for more than three decades and has spent his entire 
      career at our great company. He is performing a critical role for our 
      team in the work that is already well underway on the completion of the 
      DowDuPont merger and the subsequent establishment of the three 
      previously announced independent public companies that will be created 
      at the end of the process. His appointment to the position of President 
      is well deserved and a reflection of his abilities and commitment to our 
      company. In Jim and our Chief Financial Officer Howard Ungerleider, I am 
      pleased to have two outstanding leaders as part of the senior leadership 
      team at Dow leading this historic transformation of our company and our 
      industry. I look forward to working closely with both of them to bring 
      that transformation to completion."
    

About Dow


      Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines the power of science and technology to 
      passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The Company 
      is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, 
      chemical and biological science to help address many of the world's most 
      challenging problems such as the need for clean water, clean energy 
      generation and conservation, and increasing agricultural productivity. 
      Dow's integrated, market-driven, industry-leading portfolio of specialty 
      chemical, advanced materials, agrosciences and plastics businesses 
      delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to 
      customers in approximately 180 countries and in high-growth sectors such 
      as packaging, electronics, water, coatings and agriculture. In 2015, Dow 
      had annual sales of nearly $49 billion and employed approximately 49,500 
      people worldwide. The Company's more than 6,000 product families are 
      manufactured at 179 sites in 35 countries across the globe. References 
      to "Dow" or the "Company" mean The Dow Chemical Company and its 
      consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise expressly noted. More 
      information about Dow can be found at www.dow.com.
    

Note: The forward looking statements contained in this document 
      involve risks and uncertainties that may affect Dow’s operations, 
      markets, products, services, prices and other factors as discussed in 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These risks 
      and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, 
      competitive, legal, governmental and technological factors. Accordingly, 
      there is no assurance that Dow’s expectations will be realized. The 
      Company assumes no obligation to provide revisions to any 
      forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as 
      otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws.


Cautionary Notes on Forward Looking 
      Statements


This communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the 
      Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities 
      Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In this context, forward-looking 
      statements often address expected future business and financial 
      performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as 
      “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” 
      “will,” “would,” “target,” similar expressions, and variations or 
      negatives of these words. Forward-looking statements by their nature 
      address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as 
      statements about the consummation of the proposed transaction and the 
      anticipated benefits thereof. These and other forward-looking 
      statements, including the failure to consummate the proposed transaction 
      or to make or take any filing or other action required to consummate 
      such transaction on a timely matter or at all, are not guarantees of 
      future results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
      that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
      expressed in any forward-looking statements. Important risk factors that 
      may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, (i) the 
      completion of the proposed transaction on anticipated terms and timing, 
      including obtaining shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated 
      tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, 
      revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, 
      indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business 
      and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of 
      the new combined company’s operations and other conditions to the 
      completion of the merger, (ii) the ability of Dow and DuPont to 
      integrate the business successfully and to achieve anticipated 
      synergies, risks and costs and pursuit and/or implementation of the 
      potential separation, including timing anticipated, any changes to the 
      configuration of businesses included in the potential separation if 
      implemented, (iii) potential litigation relating to the proposed 
      transaction that could be instituted against Dow, DuPont or their 
      respective directors, (iv) the risk that disruptions from the proposed 
      transaction will harm Dow’s or DuPont’s business, including current 
      plans and operations, (v) the ability of Dow or DuPont to retain and 
      hire key personnel, (vi) potential adverse reactions or changes to 
      business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of 
      the merger, (vii) uncertainty as to the long-term value of Diamond-Orion 
      HoldCo common stock, (viii) continued availability of capital and 
      financing and rating agency actions, (ix) legislative, regulatory and 
      economic developments and (x) unpredictability and severity of 
      catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or 
      outbreak of war or hostilities, as well as management’s response to any 
      of the aforementioned factors. These risks, as well as other risks 
      associated with the proposed merger, will be more fully discussed in the 
      joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be included in the 
      registration statement on Form S-4 that will be filed with the SEC in 
      connection with the proposed merger. While the list of factors presented 
      here is, and the list of factors to be presented in the registration 
      statement on Form S-4 are, considered representative, no such list 
      should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks 
      and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional 
      obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Consequences 
      of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in 
      the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, 
      business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal 
      liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a 
      material adverse effect on Dow’s or DuPont’s consolidated financial 
      condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. Neither 
      Dow nor DuPont assumes any obligation to publicly provide revisions or 
      updates to any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new 
      information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances 
      change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable 
      laws.


Important Information About the Transaction 
      and Where to Find It


In connection with the proposed transaction, The Dow Chemical Company 
      (“Dow”) and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (“DuPont”) will cause 
      Diamond-Orion HoldCo, Inc. (“Diamond-Orion HoldCo”), to file with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) a registration statement on 
      Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Dow and DuPont and 
      that also will constitute a prospectus of Diamond-Orion HoldCo. Dow, 
      DuPont and Diamond-Orion HoldCo may also file other documents with the 
      SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a 
      substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration 
      statement or any other document which Dow, DuPont or Diamond-Orion 
      HoldCo may file with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF DOW AND 
      DUPONT ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE JOINT PROXY 
      STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED OR 
      WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO 
      THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR 
      WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND 
      RELATED MATTERS. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies 
      of the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus 
      (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Dow, DuPont 
      and Diamond-Orion HoldCo through the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov 
      or by contacting the investor relations department of Dow or DuPont at 
      the following:




           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        



           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        
















Dow














DuPont
















2030 Dow Center














974 Centre Road
















Midland, MI 48674














Wilmington, DE 19805
















Attention: Investor Relations














Attention: Investor Relations
















+1 989-636-1463














+1 302-774-4994



























           
        



Participants in the Solicitation


Dow, DuPont, Diamond-Orion HoldCo and their respective directors and 
      executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation 
      of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information 
      regarding Dow’s directors and executive officers, including a 
      description of their direct interests, by security holdings or 
      otherwise, is contained in Dow’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 
      31, 2014 and its proxy statement filed on March 27, 2015, which are 
      filed with the SEC. Information regarding DuPont’s directors and 
      executive officers, including a description of their direct interests, 
      by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in DuPont’s Form 10-K 
      for the year ended December 31, 2014 and its proxy statement filed on 
      March 23, 2015, which are filed with the SEC. A more complete 
      description will be available in the registration statement on Form S-4 
      and the joint proxy statement/prospectus.


No Offer or Solicitation


This communication is not intended to and shall not constitute an 
      offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the 
      solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any 
      vote of approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any 
      jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful 
      prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any 
      such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means 
      of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities 
      Act of 1933, as amended.





Contacts

      Dow Chemical CompanyRachelle Schikorra, +1 989-638-4090ryschikorra@dow.com


















Contacts

      Dow Chemical CompanyRachelle Schikorra, +1 989-638-4090ryschikorra@dow.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















Dow Chemical Names New President and COO: James R. Fitterling - MichBio













































Search

Search »




Print Page   |   Contact Us   |   Sign In   |   Join











ABOUT

Mission & VisionOur TeamBoard of DirectorsContact Us

MEMBERSHIP

Join

Membership Levels & DuesFAQs

Membership BenefitsPurchasing ProgramBioConnections Entrepreneurial Services

Legal Services

Member Portal

Online Member CommunityDigital LibraryBusiness Referral RequestNews Submission FormEvent Submission Form

Member List

EVENTS

Events CalendarMember-Only

BioConnectionsBioMixersBio Legislative CaucusCapitol Day

CEO Leaders' ClubPolicy

Bio Legislative CaucusCapitol Day

MichBio UBioArborPartner EventsEvent Sponsorships

POLICY

AdvocacyFederal Affairs

MI Congressional DelegationAg/Food, Industrial & EnvironmentalBusiness & CompetitivenessHealthcare & PaymentLegal & Intellectual PropertyMedical Devices & DiagnosticsPharmaceuticals & BiotechRegulatory & ComplianceResearch & Education

MI Bio-Industry Roadmap for SuccessState Affairs

Bioscience WorkforceBusiness & CommercializationEconomic DevelopmentState Competitiveness AgendaMI Biosciences Action PlanBioscience Legislative Caucus

Legislative Action Center

MEDIA

News

MichBio NewsMember NewsPolicy NewsIndustry News

Social MediaPublications

BioMattersbiolinkResource GuideSubscribe

Advertise 

TALENTBIOTOOLBOX

Michigan's Bio-Industry

Core Bio-Industry SectorsBiosciences in Michigan - FactsState Bio-Industry MapBio-Industry Defined

Michigan Biosciences DirectoryBio-Industry Resources

Bio-Industry Research & ReportsCenters of Excellence & Product DevelopmentCommercialization SupportEducation & WorkforceFunding SourcesIncubators, SmartZones, Economic DevelopmentRegulatoryTechnology Transfer






































            
               Edit This Favorite
            
              


Name:





Category:






Share:

Yes
No, Keep Private





















News and Press: Industry News





 Email to a Friend










Dow Chemical Names New President and COO: James R. Fitterling
Tuesday, February 2, 2016  		
		
			(0 Comments)

		Posted by: Kate Oesterle		
	
			



Share
|









MIDLAND, MI — Dow Chemical Co. has announced the appointment of a new president and chief operating officer.
James "Jim" R. Fitterling will take on the leadership roles, according to a Tuesday, Feb. 2, press releae from the Midland-based chemical giant.
Fitterling, who has worked with Dow for 32 years, previously held the position of Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. In his new role, he will continue to have executive accountability for all of Dow's businesses excluding Dow AgroSciences.
The new president and chief operating officer will continue to report to Dow Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew N. Liveris, who was previously also serving as the company's president.
According to the press release from the company, Fitterling will "play a central role in helping drive the successful completion" of the proposed merger between Dow and DuPont announced in December and the "subsequent establishment of its three independent public companies."
Read More.








« Back to Index













 


Creating Value
by delivering business-critical resources & bottom line savings



Building Networks
by connecting Michigan's bio-industry one member at a time



Impacting Policy
by influencing business growth through advocacy



Growing Talent
by creating opportunities that develop people & build organizations






















 
 
 


Connect
For Members
For Prospective Members
For Entrepreneurs


Links
Join MichBio
Directory
MichBio Preferred
Career Center


Find Us
MAILING ADDRESS:
  P.O. Box 130199
  Ann Arbor, MI 48113-0199


PHYSICAL ADDRESS:
  3520 Green Ct., Suite 175
  Ann Arbor, MI 48105-1175
Google Map


PHONE: 734.527.9150
  FAX: 734.302.4933
  EMAIL: info@michbio.org


Engage






Membership Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal












JAMES R FITTERLING - KANSAS CITY, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



KANSAS CITY



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JAMES R FITTERLING
                                    



 





















J 


JAMES R FITTERLING
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4313 MERCIER ST APT 2S KANSAS CITY, MO 64111
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


James R Fitterling was founded in 2009, and is located at 4313 Mercier St Apt 2s in Kansas City. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $110,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 









 James (Jim) R. Fitterling | AIChE



















Skip to main content








calendar_icon











community_icon




students_icon



publications_icon







arrow-down



arrow-up











James R. Fitterling | Dow




 













The Human Element At Work



































Find Global Websites and Locations



                            Region
                        
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America




Country














 

 

 

 

 















Home


Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Leadership


James R. Fitterling










James (Jim) R. Fitterling

President and Chief Operating Officer
The Dow Chemical Company
James (Jim) R. Fitterling is President and Chief Operating Officer of The Dow Chemical Company, a global material science company with 2016 annual sales of nearly $48 billion. He is a member of the Office of the Chairman and CEO.
As a member of Dow’s most senior leadership, Fitterling has played a key role in developing and executing Dow’s strategy to invest in a market-driven portfolio of advantaged and technology-enabled businesses that create value for our shareholders and customers.
Fitterling has executive accountability for all of Dow’s businesses excluding Dow AgroSciences.  He also oversees operations including Environment, Health & Safety and Sustainability, Manufacturing and Engineering, and Supply Chain, as well as Research & Development. In addition, Fitterling has a strong commitment to diversifying the Company’s global talent and actively serves as the Executive Sponsor for the Dow’s Women’s Innovation Network.
Fitterling joined Dow in 1984 and served in a variety of Sales, Marketing and Supply Chain positions before being named Commercial Director for Liquid Separations, Dow Pacific in 1994. He was appointed Global Business Director for Liquid Separations and President and CEO of FilmTec Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company in 1998. In 2000, he was named General Manager for Dow Thailand and Managing Director for the SCC-Dow Group of joint venture companies.
In 2002, Fitterling was named CEO of The OPTIMAL Group, affiliate of Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), Malaysia's state-owned oil corporation and The Dow Chemical Company. He added responsibility for the Southeast Asia and Australia region in February 2004. He also served as the Vice President of the Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MICCI) and was the Dow Representative to U.S. ASEAN Business Council.
Fitterling was named Business Vice President for Polyethylene in December 2005; President, Basic Plastics in March 2007; Vice President of Corporate Development in April 2009; Senior Vice President of Corporate Development in April 2010; Executive Vice President of The Dow Chemical Company & President, Plastics & Hydrocarbons in August 2010; and Executive Vice President of The Dow Chemical Company & President, Corporate Development & Hydrocarbons in March 2011. Fitterling assumed additional executive oversight of the Company’s Chemicals & Energy Division in August 2011, in addition to his existing executive role for Corporate Development and Hydrocarbons. In September 2012, he assumed executive oversight for Feedstocks, Performance Plastics. Fitterling was named Vice Chairman, Business Operations in 2014. He was named Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer in 2015 and promoted to his current role in February 2016.
Fitterling is a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Manufacturers, a member of the Board of Directors of the Chemical Financial Corporation, and a member of the Board of Directors of Sadara Chemical Company.
Fitterling earned a Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Missouri - Columbia.
Revised: 6/8/2017



















