

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Insider Trading - Fitzpatrick Joyce L. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Fitzpatrick Joyce L.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-31Option Award
2017-01-0309:01 am
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
880
$0
10,780(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-034:56 pm
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
840
$0
9,900(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-012:14 pm
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
580
$0
9,060(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-045:48 pm
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
580
$0
8,480(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2015-12-3109:34 am
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
580
$0
7,900(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-0110:21 am
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
580
$0
7,320(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-011:50 pm
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
580
$0
6,740(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-03-312:53 pm
N/AN/A
Alliance One International Inc
AOI
Fitzpatrick Joyce L.Director
5,800
$0
61,600(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 15:26:42 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Joyce L Fitzpatrick - Shirley, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joyce L Fitzpatrick in Shirley, NY


Joyce L Fitzpatrick

                                                                                       Intelius found that Joyce L Fitzpatrick  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Shirley, NY.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Joyce L Fitzpatrick is in her 60s

Joyce Has Lived In

Shirley, NY
Mastic, NY
Lake Grove, NY

Joyce's Relatives

Bridget Fitzpatrick
William Fitzpatrick
Willian Fitzpatrick
James Fitzpatrick







Joyce L Fitzpatrick



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Retired - Manager, Long Island Branches at First Financial Credit Union



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joyce? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joyce, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joyce L Fitzpatrick
Get a Criminal Check on Joyce L Fitzpatrick
Get a Public Record Report on Joyce L Fitzpatrick
Get a People Search Report on Joyce L Fitzpatrick


Joyce L Fitzpatrick's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joyce L Fitzpatrick has lived as well as Joyce L Fitzpatrick's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joyce L Fitzpatrick Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Joyce L Fitzpatrick


391 P****** D* 

Shirley, NY


Has Lived In

Shirley, NY
Mastic, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joyce L Fitzpatrick

() ***-**** - Shirley, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Shirley, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joyce L Fitzpatrick

f************e@***.com


Get Email Report




Joyce L Fitzpatrick's Professional Information
Information regarding Joyce L Fitzpatrick's professional history.  Find out previous places Joyce L Fitzpatrick has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joyce L Fitzpatrick Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: First Financial Credit Union
               Title: Retired - Manager, Long Island Branches
Company: Bethpage Federal Credit Union
               Title: Various Branch Banking Positions
Joyce L Fitzpatrick's Experience
Title: Retired - Manager, Long Island Branches
               Company: First Financial Credit Union
Job Details
               We provide great rates on our auto and personal loans, we offer vacation and holiday loans, student loans, home equity loans, mortgages, and a variety of other services you can take advantage of as a result of your membership. We also offer you the opportunity to sit with one of our knowledgeable staff to review your credit report and provide you tips on how to improve that credit score. Are there any fees associated with joining the credit union? All we ask is for a $5 initial deposit which buys you a share within the credit union; this makes you one of our wonderful members. Our accounts are 100% free, without any maintenance fees or minimum balances to worry about. Do I have to be a part of something to join the Credit Union? You can join the credit union by a family member or employer referral, but if none of those apply you can join through the American Consumer Council. Can my friends and family members join Aspire? Yes, your friends and family are eligible to join. Family members may join because of their relationship with you. Your friends may join through our affiliation with the ACC, the American Consumer Council. Any of your family or friends may apply for membership right through our website. What products and services do you offer other than loans? Aspire Federal Credit Union is a full-service financial institution, and as such offers savings, checking, money market accounts, as well as certificates of deposits, holiday and vacation accounts and kids accounts! You may apply for membership right on our website. Visit our FAQ page to learn more about our products, services and how we can help you!
Title: Various Branch Banking Positions
               Company: Bethpage Federal Credit Union
Job Details
               Bethpage Federal Credit Union is a not-for-profit financial cooperative, existing solely to serve its members and has experienced rapid growth in recent years to become a strong alternative to banks. Bethpage was approved for the largest federal community charter in the U.S. in 2003 and now is New York State's largest credit union and Long Island's primary community financial institution with 255,000 members, 33 full service branches and more than 60 shared branches throughout Nassau and Suffolk Counties. As a financial cooperative, Bethpage offers the best-in-market rates, low fees and world-class service, and a full menu of personal and commercial financial services. Bethpage maintains branch locations in Albertson, Baldwin, Bay Shore, Bay Shore King Kullen, Bethpage, Centereach, Central Islip, Commack King Kullen, East Meadow NuHealth Medical Center, East Northport, Elmont, Farmingdale, Freeport, Glen Cove, Hempstead, Huntington, Levittown King Kullen, LIU Post (Brookville), Long Beach, Lynbrook, Massapequa, Melville, Mineola, North Babylon, Patchogue, Port Jefferson, Riverhead, Roosevelt, Seaford, Smithtown, Valley Stream King Kullen, West Babylon and Westbury with over 500 surcharge-free ATMs in King Kullen, CVS Pharmacy and Costco locations throughout Long Island.
Additional Professional Information on Joyce L Fitzpatrick

 See Joyce L Fitzpatrick's LinkedIn Profile



Joyce L Fitzpatrick's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joyce L Fitzpatrick


Joyce L Fitzpatrick's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joyce L Fitzpatrick's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joyce Fitzpatrick
Username Matches

                  JoyceFitzpatrick
                  FitzpatrickJoyce
                  Joyce.Fitzpatrick
                  Fitzpatrick.Joyce
                  Joyce_Fitzpatrick
                  Fitzpatrick_Joyce
                  Joyce-Fitzpatrick
                  Fitzpatrick-Joyce
                  JFitzpatrick
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Fitzpatrick







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Encyclopedia of Nursing Research, Third Edition -9780826107503|Springer Publishing Company




























































































 
x









JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                

















Springer Publishing Company
Proudly serving the health care and helping professions.










 Join our mailing list







Search SearchAdvanced Search







Shopping Cart 0


 
Close
                        Recently added item(s)                    

                        You have no items in your shopping cart.                    





My Account
Login/Register





 


                                        BROWSE BY SUBJECT                                    
 









 Nursing 



 Behavioral Sciences 



 Health Sciences 



 Medicine 



 Physician Assistant 



 Consumer Health 







Administration, Management, and Leadership




Advanced Practice Nursing




Board Review and Certification




Cherry Ames Series




Community Health Nursing




Complementary, Integrative, and Alternative Medicine




Critical Care and Emergency




DNP




Fast Facts Series




Geriatric and Gerontological




Maternal, Neonatal, Women's Health






MedSurg and Acute Care Nursing




Nursing Education




Nursing General Interest




Palliative Care and End-of-Life




Pediatric Nursing




Professional Issues and Trends




Psychiatric Nursing




Research, Theory, and Measurement




Undergraduate Nursing




Watson Caring Science Institute








Counseling




Gerontology




Psychology






Rehabilitation




Social Work








Healthcare Administration






Public Health








Neurology




Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation




Oncology






Pathology




Other Specialties








Assessment Diagnosis and Clinical Skills




Administration Management and Leadership




Cardiology




Critical Care and Emergency




Ear, Nose, and Throat






Internal Medicine




Maternal, Neonatal, and Women's Health




Pediatrics




Primary Care




Professional Issues and Trends








Alzheimer's/Dementia




Brain Injury




Cancer




Caregiving




Diabetes




Diet & Fitness




Epilepsy




Family & Pregnancy






Living and Working with Chronic Illness




Living Well




Multiple Sclerosis




Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders




Spinal Cord Injury




Women's Health




More Conditions & Diseases











JournalseBooks Publish with Us


 BROWSE BY SUBJECT







Nursing 



Administration, Management, and Leadership


Advanced Practice Nursing


Board Review and Certification


Cherry Ames Series


Community Health Nursing


Complementary, Integrative, and Alternative Medicine


Critical Care and Emergency


DNP


Fast Facts Series


Geriatric and Gerontological


Maternal, Neonatal, Women's Health


MedSurg and Acute Care Nursing


Nursing Education


Nursing General Interest


Palliative Care and End-of-Life


Pediatric Nursing


Professional Issues and Trends


Psychiatric Nursing


Research, Theory, and Measurement


Undergraduate Nursing


Watson Caring Science Institute





Behavioral Sciences 



Counseling


Gerontology


Psychology


Rehabilitation


Social Work





Health Sciences 



Healthcare Administration


Public Health





Medicine 



Neurology


Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation


Oncology


Pathology


Other Specialties





Physician Assistant 



Assessment Diagnosis and Clinical Skills


Administration Management and Leadership


Cardiology


Critical Care and Emergency


Ear, Nose, and Throat


Internal Medicine


Maternal, Neonatal, and Women's Health


Pediatrics


Primary Care


Professional Issues and Trends





Consumer Health 



Alzheimer's/Dementia


Brain Injury


Cancer


Caregiving


Diabetes


Diet & Fitness


Epilepsy


Family & Pregnancy


Living and Working with Chronic Illness


Living Well


Multiple Sclerosis


Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders


Spinal Cord Injury


Women's Health


More Conditions & Diseases










JournalseBooks Publish with Us





                                        EXAM PREP & STUDY TOOLS                                    
 



Advanced Practice Nursing Specialty Nursing Neurology PM&R Radiation Oncology Medical Oncology Health Care Admin Counseling Psychology Social Work
Browse All Apps




 EXAM PREP & STUDY TOOLS



Advanced Practice Nursing Specialty Nursing Neurology PM&R Radiation Oncology Medical Oncology Health Care Admin Counseling Psychology Social Work
Browse All Apps







                                        RESOURCES FOR                                    
 



Advertisers AuthorsBooksellersInstructors Librarians Media & Book Reviews Students Bulk Sales Permissions Translations




 RESOURCES FOR



Advertisers AuthorsBooksellersInstructors Librarians Media & Book Reviews Students Bulk Sales Permissions Translations







                                        BLOG                                    



                                        VIDEOS                                    



 










Login




Shopping Cart 0


 
Close
                        Recently added item(s)                    

                        You have no items in your shopping cart.                    






 




Home
/ 


Encyclopedia of Nursing Research, Third Edition



















 
Double click on above image to view full picture










Read a Sample Chapter











Encyclopedia of Nursing Research, Third Edition

SKU# 9780826107503




Editors:                




Joyce J. Fitzpatrick  PhD, MBA, RN, FAAN




Meredith Kazer  PhD, APRN, A/GNP-BC









$209.00 



Qty:

Add to Cart

-OR-



 





Buy From:
Amazon


Buy eBook:
Amazon
                            Kindle
|
iBooks




Save for later








Description 

Named a 2013 Doody's Essential Purchase! Named a "Choice Outstanding Academic Title" for 2007 and an "AJN Book of the Year The award-winning Encyclopedia of Nursing Research, now in its third edition, is the comprehensive resource for tracking developments in the field. With over 20 new areas of research, and meticulous updates of original entries, the encyclopedia presents key terms and concepts and their application to practice. Pithy entries provide the most relevant and current research perspectives, and will be a starting point for future content and references. Nurse researchers, educators, students, and all clinical specialties will find the encyclopedia an important introduction to the breadth of nursing research today.  New topics include NIH-funded research areas, a comprehensive survey of major nursing research journals, addictions care, palliative care, translational science, simulation, trauma care, family-centered care, mild cognitive impairment, active surveillance for cancer care, workplace and empowerment research, nurse engagement, nurse-physician collaboration, CAM and empowerment research, spirituality, synthesis and action research, mixed methods research, systematic review, ethnopharmacology, and more.  Key Features:  Includes NIH-funded research topics Provides a comprehensive survey of major nursing research journals Adds over 20 new areas of research and updates original entries Written by over 200 nursing research experts Organized alphabetically for easy access to information 

Product Details 




Publication Date
August 24, 2011


Page Count
732


Product Form
Hardback


ISBN 13
9780826107503


EISBN
9780826107510




About The Author(s) 


Joyce J. Fitzpatrick, PhD, MBA, RN, FAAN, FNAP, is Elizabeth Brooks Ford Professor of Nursing, Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing, Case Western Reserve University (CWRU) in Cleveland, Ohio, where she was dean from 1982 through 1997. She is also adjunct professor, Department of Geriatrics, Ichan School of Medicine, Mount Sinai Hospital, New York, New York. She earned a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (Georgetown University), an MS in psychiatric & mental health nursing (The Ohio State University), a PhD in nursing (New York University), and an MBA (CWRU). In 1990, Dr. Fitzpatrick received an honorary doctorate, Doctor of Humane Letters, from Georgetown University. In 2011, she received an honorary doctorate, Doctor of Humane Letters, from Frontier University of Nursing in Hyden, Kentucky. She was elected a Fellow in the American Academy of Nursing (AAN) (1981) and a Fellow in the National Academies of Practice (1996).
She received the American Journal of Nursing Book of the Year Award 20 times; the Midwest Nursing Research Society Distinguished Contribution to Nursing Research Award; The Ohio State University Distinguished Alumna Award; Sigma Theta Tau International (STTI) Elizabeth McWilliams Miller Founders Award for Excellence in Nursing Research; and New York University Division of Nursing Distinguished Alumna Award. In 1994 & 1995 she was the AAN/American Nurses Foundation (ANF)/ Institute of Medicine Distinguished Scholar, and in 1995 she was a Primary Care Fellow through the Bureau of Health Professions. Dr. Fitzpatrick received the ANF Distinguished Contribution to Nursing Science Award for sustained commitment and contributions to development of the discipline (2002). Recent awards include STTI Lucie Kelly Mentor Award (2003); STTI Founders Award for Leadership (2005); Fulbright Scholar at University College Cork, Cork, Ireland (2007-2008); Midwest Nursing Research Society Lifetime Achievement Award (2010); INANE Editors Award (2013); and STTI Research Hall of Fame Induction (2014). In 2016 she was named a Living Legend of the AAN.
Dr. Fitzpatrick is widely published in nursing and health care literature with over 300 publications, including more than 80 authored/edited books. She served as co-editor of the Annual Review of Nursing Research series, vols. 1-26, and she currently edits the journals Applied Nursing Research, Archives of Psychiatric Nursing and Nursing Education Perspectives, the official journal of the National League for Nursing. She edited three editions of the classic Encyclopedia of Nursing Research. 

Table of Contents 


Acculturation 
Action Research
Active Surveillance
Acute Care of the Elderly
Adherence/Compliance
Addiction Care
Advance Directives
Ageism
Alzheimer's Disease
Applied Research
Basic Research
Behavioral Research
Biofeedback
Boykin & Schoenhofer: The Theory of Nursing as Caring
Breast-Feeding
Cancer in Children
Cardiovascular Risk Factors: Cholesterol
Caregiver
Caring
Case Study Method of Research
Causal Modeling
Cerebral Ischemia
Child Delinquents
Child Lead Exposure Effects
Childbirth Education
Chronic Illness
Clinical Care Classification System
Clinical Decision Making
Clinical Judgment
Clinical Nursing Research
Clinical Preventive Services Delivery
Clinical Trials
Cochrane Review
Cohort Design
Collaborative Research
Comfort
Community Mental Health
Comparative Effectiveness Research
Complementary and Alternative Practices and Products (CAPPs) 
Concept Analysis
Conceptual Model
Consortial Research
Content Analysis
Continuing Care Retirement Communities
Coronary Artery Bypass Graft (CABG) Surgery
Cost analysis of nursing care
Critical Care Nursing
Cultural Transcultural focus
Cumulative Index Nursing Allied Health (CINHL) 
Current Procedural Terminology-Coded Services
Data Analysis
Data Collection Methods
Data Management
Data Stewardship
Delirium
Delphi Technique
Depression and Cardiovascular Diseases
Depression in Families
Depression in Older Adults
Descriptive Research
Depression in Women
Diabetes
Discourse Analysis
Doctoral Education
Domestic Violence
Drinking and Driving among adolescents
Eating Disorders
Elder Mistreatment
Electronic Network
Emergency Nursing
Empathy
End-of-Life Planning and Choices
Enteral Tube Placement
Epilepsy
Ethics of Research
Ethnogeriatrics
Ethnography
Evaluation
Evidence-Based Practice & nurse role
Experimental Research
Exploratory Studies
Factor Analysis
Failure to Thrive (Adult) 
Failure to Thrive (Child) 
Falls
Family Caregiving and the Seriously Mentally Ill
Family Health
Fatique
Feminist Research Methodology
Fetal Monitoring
Fever/Febrile Response
Fitzpatrick's Rhythm Model
Formal Nursing Languages
Functional Health Patterns
Genetics
Grandparents Raising Grandchildren
Grantsmanship
Grounded Theory
Health Conceptualization
Health Disparities: Focus on Racial and    Ethnic Minorities
Health Disparities: theoretical and methodological approaches
Health Policy & health services delivery
Health Services Research
Hemodynamic Monitoring
Henderson
Hermeneutics
History of Nursing Research
HIV Risk Behavior
HIV Symptom Management and Quality of Life
HIV/AIDS Care and Treatment
Home Care Technologies
Home Health Care Classification (HHCC) System
Home Health Systems
Homeless Health
Hospice
Hypertension
Immigrant Women
Infection Control
IRB/Informed Consent
Instrumentation
Instrument Translation
Internal Classification of Nursing Practice (ICNP) 
International Nursing Research
Interpersonal Communication: Nurse-Patient
Job Satisfaction
(Dorothy) Johnson's Behavioral System Model
Kangaroo Care
King
Leninger's Theory of Culture Care Diversity and Universality
Maternal Anxiety and Adaptation During Pregnancy
Measurement and Scales
Menopause
Mental Health in Public Sector Primary Care
Mental Health Services Research
Mental Status Measurement: The Mini-Mental State Examination
Mentoring
Meta analysis
Middle-Range Theories
Mild Cognitive Impairment
Moral Reckoning
Moral Distress
Mother infant toddler relationships
Music Therapy
Narrative Analysis
National Institute of Nursing Research
Neurobehavioral Development and Nutritive Sucking
Newman's Theory of Health
Neuman's systems model
Nightingale
Nosocomial Infections
Nurse Led Group Clinic Visits
Nurse Engagement
Nurse Staffing
Nurse Physician Interdisciplinary Collaboration
Nursing Assessment
Nursing Diagnosis, Interventions, outcomes
Nursing Education
Nursing Information Systems
Nursing Occupational Injury and Stress
Nursing Practice Models
Nursing Process
Nutrition in Infancy and Childhood
Nutrition in the Elderly
Obesity
Observational Research Design
Orem
Organizational Culture 
Organizational Design
Osteoporosis
Outcome Measures
Pain
Palliative care
Parenting
Participant observation
Parse
Patient Care Delivery Models
Patient Contracting
Patient Education
Patient Safety
Patient Satisfaction
Pediatric Primary Care
Pender's Health Promotion Model
Peplau's Theoretical Model
Pet Therapy
Phenomenology
Philosophy of Nursing
Physical Restraints
Physiology
pilot study
Population Health
Populations and Aggregates
Postpartum Depression
Pregnancy
Prevention of Preterm and Low-Birthweight Births
Primary Nursing
Qualitative research
Quality of care
Quality of Life
Quantitative Research
Quasi-Experimental Research
Reliability
Reminiscence
Research Dissemination
Research Interviews
Research in Nursing Ethics
Research Utilization
Resourcefulness
Rights of Human Subjects
Rogers (Martha) 
Roy adaptation model
Rural Health
Sampling
Schizophrenia
Secondary Data Analysis
Self-Efficacy
Serious Mental Illness
Shivering
Simulation
Sleep
Smoking Cessation
Smoking/Tobacco as a Cardiovascular Risk Factor
SNOMED International
Social Support
Spirituality
Statistical Techniques
Story Theory
Stress
Stress Management
Stroke
Structural Equation Modeling
Substance Abuse and Addiction in Registered Nurses
Systematic Review
Telenursing
Telepresence
Telehealth
Terminal Illness
Theoretical Model
Thermal Balance
Time Series Analysis
Transitional Care
Transitions and Health
Translational Research
Triangulation
Uncertainty in Illness
Unlicensed Assistive Personnel
Validity
Violence
Virtual Nurse Caring
Vulnerable Populations
Wandering         
Watson's Theory of Human Caring
Weight Management
Wellness
Widows and Widowers
Women's Health
Workplace Violence 













You May Also Like...







The Advanced Practice Nurse Cardiovascular Clinician
Edited By: Kelley Anderson  PhD, FNP|


 





Compact Clinical Guide to Arrhythmia and 12-Lead EKG Interpretation
Sandra Goldsworthy  RN, MSc, PhD(c), CNCC(C), CMSN(C)...


 





Guidelines for Nurse Practitioners in Gynecologic Settings, 11th Edition
Joellen W. Hawkins  RN, PhD, WHNP-BC, FAAN, FAANP...


 





Fast Facts for the L&D Nurse, Second Edition
Cassie Giles Groll  DNP, RN, CNM


 










Customers Also Bought...






                                                            Glaserian Grounded Theory in Nursing Research: Trusting Emergence                                                    



                        Edited By: Barbara Artinian  PhD, RN|Tove Giske  PhD, RN|Pamela Cone  PhD, RN|                    





                                                            Annual Review of Nursing Research, Volume 21, 2003: Research on Child Health and Pediatric Issues                                                    



                        Edited By: Joyce J. Fitzpatrick  PhD, MBA, RN, FAAN|Margaret Miles  PhD, RN, FAAN|Diane Holditch-Davis  PhD, RN, FAAN|                    





                                                            Measurement of Nursing Outcomes, 2nd Edition, Volume 3: Self Care and Coping                                                    



                        Ora L. Strickland  RN, PhD, FAAN, Edited By: Colleen Dilorio  PhD, RN, FAAN|                    





                                                            Sex Trafficking: A Clinical Guide for Nurses                                                    



                        Edited By: Mary De Chesnay  PhD, RN, PMHCNS-BC, FAAN|                    











 Get new books, discounts, and exclusive sales.Sign Up






Related sites:






Social Media:












Books

Counseling
Gerontology
Healthcare Administration
Nursing
Psychology
Public Health
Rehabilitation
Social Work



Journals

Advertising
Counseling 
Gerontology
Nursing
Psychology
Public Health
Rehabilitation
Social Work
Societies



Resources for

Advertisers
Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Media & Book Reviews
Permissions
Quantity Sales & Custom Solutions
Students
Translations




Customer service

My Account
Shipping & Delivery
Shopping Cart
Help / FAQ



Company information

About Us
Careers
Conferences
Contact Us
Co-Publishers and Friends
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use






© 2017 Springer Publishing Company 

 
















 

	Joyce J. Fitzpatrick


















































			    Foundation
		    


















Home
>About Us
>Board of Trustees
>Joyce Fitzpatrick




                    

Joyce J. Fitzpatrick

^
m
d











Joyce J. Fitzpatrick, PhD, MBA, RN, FAAN, is the Elizabeth Brooks Ford Professor of Nursing, Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing, Case Western Reserve University (CWRU) in Cleveland Ohio where she was Dean from 1982 through 1997. She holds an adjunct position as Professor in the Department of Geriatrics, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, N.Y. She earned a BSN from Georgetown University, a MS in Psychiatric-Mental Health Nursing from The Ohio State University, a PhD in Nursing from New York University, and an MBA from CWRU in 1992. In May, 1990, Dr. Fitzpatrick received an honorary doctorate, Doctor of Humane Letters, from her alma mater, Georgetown University.
She was elected a Fellow in the American Academy of Nursing in 1981 and in 1996 a Fellow in the National Academies of Practice. She has received the American Journal of Nursing Book of the Year Award 18 times; the Midwest Nursing Research Society Distinguished Contribution to Nursing Research Award; The Ohio State University Distinguished Alumna Award; Sigma Theta Tau International (STTI) Elizabeth McWilliams Miller Founders Award for Excellence in Nursing Research; and New York University Division of Nursing Distinguished Alumna Award. In 1994-95 she was a Distinguished Scholar at the National Academy of Medicine and American Academy of Nursing, and in 1995 was a Primary Care Fellow through the Bureau of Health Professions. In 2002, Dr Fitzpatrick received the American Nurses Foundation Distinguished Contribution to Nursing Science Award for her sustained commitment and contributions to the development of the discipline. In 2003 she received the STTI Lucie Kelly Mentor Award and in 2005 she received the STTI Founders Award for Leadership. In 2007-2008 she served as a Fulbright Scholar at University College Cork, Cork, Ireland. In 2010 she received the Midwest Nursing Research Society Lifetime Achievement Award.
Dr. Fitzpatrick is widely published in nursing and health care literature; she has over 300 publications. She served as co-editor of the Annual Review of Nursing Research series, vols. 1-26; she edits the journals: Applied Nursing Research, Archives of Psychiatric Nursing, and Nursing Education Perspectives, the official journal of the National League for Nursing. She edited the classic Encyclopedia of Nursing Research (the 3rd edition will be released in September 2011), and a series of nursing research digests. In 2008 she edited the book, The Doctor of Nursing Practice and Clinical Nurse Leader. In 2010 she completed two books, Giving through Teaching: How Nurse Educators Are Changing the World, and Problem Solving for Better Health: A Global Perspective. Her book, 201 Careers in Nursing (with E. Ea) was released in August, 2011. Additional books to be published shortly include: Global Service-Learning in Nursing (with T. McKinnon), to be published in September 2011, and Psychiatric Mental Health Nursing: An Interpersonal Approach (with J. Jones and V. Rogers) to be published in early 2012.
Dr. Fitzpatrick founded and led the Bolton School's World Health Organization Collaborating Center for Nursing. She has provided consultation on nursing education and research throughout the world, including universities and health ministries in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East. With the CWRU School of Medicine, she designed a series of educational interventions focused on HIV/AIDS prevention in Uganda. She led the Bolton School in its development of innovative academic programs, community initiatives, and clinical partnerships. From 1997-99 she served as President of the American Academy of Nursing. From January 1998 through August 1999, while on sabbatical from CWRU, she was a Visiting Scholar at New York University, editorial consultant to Springer Publishing Company, and consultant to Mount Sinai Hospital Department of Nursing and Institute for Medicare Practice. She served as project director for a Nursing Care Quality Initiative, a multi-system, 10-hospital project focused on improving the care provided to hospitalized elders and their families funded by the New York Health Alliance and the Brookdale Foundation. Since 2004 she has served as a global nursing consultant to the Dreyfus Health Foundation, with nursing programs in 15 countries. In 2008, she was appointed the first Spratt Center for Nursing Education and Research Visiting Scholar at Danbury Hospital in CT. As of 2009 she has served as Chair of the Global Advisory Committee for the Center for Nursing Research and Education at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in NY.
Dr. Fitzpatrick’s research has been focused on dimensions of meaningfulness in life, including the meaningfulness of nurses’ work life as related to satisfaction, turnover, and empowerment. In 2008 she conducted a national study of empowerment and intent to leave among specialty certified and non-certified critical care nurses funded by the American Association of Critical Care Nurses. She is currently funded for a similar study of emergency department nurses (funded by the Emergency Nurses Association).









Honor a Nurse


Learn More...















From:*Email:**To:*Email:**Subject:*Message:










JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC.











Company number L86881
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 593020475
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 8/13/1993
        

Date Of Incorporation 7/11/1990
        

Principal Address
            4080 SE 24TH TER, P O BOX 5284, OCALA, FL, 32678
            


Mailing Address 4080 SE 24TH TER, P O BOX 5284, OCALA, FL, 32678
        
JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC. Principals

President
                Robinson Joyce
                 


Address
                2111 NW 44TH PL, OCALA, FL
                 







Last Annual Reports

1992 7/28/1992
            

1992 7/28/1992
            

1991 6/25/1991
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name STERMER, ROBERT A. (c)
        

Agent Address
                203 NE EIGHTH AVE, OCALA, FL, 32670
                

JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 8/13/1993
            

Description
JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC. has been set up 7/11/1990 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The JOYCE FITZPATRICK, INC. principal adress is 4080 SE 24TH TER, P O BOX 5284, OCALA, FL, 32678. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 4080 SE 24TH TER, P O BOX 5284, OCALA, FL, 32678. 
The company`s registered agent is STERMER, ROBERT A. 203 NE EIGHTH AVE, OCALA, FL, 32670.  
The company`s management are President - Robinson Joyce. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 8/13/1993. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 7/28/1992.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
JOYCE FLORIDA REALTY, INC.
JOYCE FOOD MART, INC
JOYCE FOURTH, LLC
JOYCE FRANCO, P.A.
JOYCE FRAZIER REALTY LLC
JOYCE FROHLICH MINISTRIES, INC.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Fitzpatrick Communications Inc                                                                                           - Raleigh                                           , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Raleigh



Communication Services, Nec



Communication Services, Nec



                            Fitzpatrick Communications Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Fitzpatrick Communications Inc                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



224 WOODBURN RD RALEIGH, NC 27605
Get Directions



(919) 834-1222
 





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated NC
 Annual Revenue $110,102.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Communication Services, Nec
 Contacts Joyce L Fitzpatrick                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2002, Fitzpatrick Communications Inc                                                                                           has been providing Communication Services, Nec from Raleigh. Fitzpatrick Communications Inc                                                                                           is incorporated in North Carolina. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Joyce J. Fitzpatrick - Rhythm Model - Cardinal Stritch University Library
























stritch.edu







CardinalStritchUniversity

Library





















Today's Hours



Jul
28


Library 
8:00 am - 4:30 pm
Reference Desk 
12:00 pm - 4:30 pm



View All Hours









Joyce J. Fitzpatrick - Rhythm Model




Joyce J. Fitzpatrick 1944-
Rhythm Model
The four content concepts that comprise Fitzpatrick's theory are person, health, wellness-illness and metaparadigm.
Fitzpatrick, J. J. (1987). Use of existing nursing models. Journal of Gerontological Nursing, 13(9), 8-9.
Fitzpatrick, J. J., Halloran, E. J., & Algase, D. I. (1987). An experiment in nursing revisited. Nursing Outlook, 35(1), 29-33.
Fitzpatrick, J. J. (1988). GN theory based on Rogers' conceptual model. Journal of Gerontological Nursing, 14(9), 14-16.
Pressler, J. L. (1996). Fitzpatrick's rhythm model. In J. J. Fitzpatrick  &  A. L. Whall (Eds.), Conceptual models of nursing: Analysis and application (3rd ed., pp. 305-329).  Stamford, CT: Appleton & Lange. 
MacDonald du Mont, P., Alexander, J. E., Beckman, S. J., Chapman-Boyce, P., Coleman-Ehmke, S., Hailway, C. A., Justus, R. G., Pung, R. A., & Smith, C. R. (1998).  Joyce J. Fitzpatrick: Life perspective rhythm model.  In A.M. Tomey & M.R. Alligood (Eds.),  Nursing theorists and their work (4th ed., pp. 482-495). St. Louis: Mosby.
Fitzpatrick, J. J., & Whall, A. L. (2005). Conceptual  models of nursing: Analysis and application (4th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice Hall.
Porter, C., Vezina, M., McEvoy, M. D., & Fitzpatrick, J.  J. (2014). Development and implementation of a professional practice model. Nurse  Leader, 12(4), 78-83. doi:10.1016/j.mnl.2013.12.001
Ross, E. J., Fitzpatrick, J. J., Click, E. R., Krouse, H.  J., & Clavelle, J. T. (2014). Transformational leadership practices of nurse  leaders in professional nursing associations. Journal of Nursing  Administration, 44(4), 201-206. doi:10.1097/NNA.0000000000000058










































p
r


















IUCAT

















Skip to Content


Skip to Main Navigation


Skip to Catalog Search







Indiana University Kokomo
Indiana University Kokomo

          Kokomo

















Search the Indiana University Library Catalog
Search the library catalog




Search optionsAll Fields




All Fields


                      Title


                      Author


                      Subject





                        Online Only



                          All IUCAT









    







                    Online Only 

                  All IUCAT










Advanced Search
Browse
Reserves







 Choose Search Type































Search Results 


Start Over






Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application


Request This



Title


                  Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application / [edited by] Joyce J. Fitzpatrick, Ann L. Whall.
                
Format


                  Book
                
Edition


                  4th ed.
                
Published


                  Upper Saddle River, N.J. : Pearson Prentice Hall, c2005.
                
Description


                  xi, 356 p. : ill. ; 23 cm.
                
URL


<Table of contents> http://www.loc.gov/catdir/toc/ecip0413/2004001577.html

Other contributors


Fitzpatrick, Joyce J., 1944-


Whall, Ann L.

Notes


                  Includes bibliographical references and index.
                
Contents



                            Nursing knowledge development: relationship to science and professional practice / Joyce J. Fitzpatrick
                          

                            The structure of nursing knowledge: analysis and evaluation of practice, middle range and grand theory / Ann L. Whall
                          

                            Florence Nightingale: pioneer in nursing knowledge development / Tamara L. Zurakowski
                          

                            Peplau's theory of interpersonal relations / Pamela G. Reed
                          

                            Henderson's conceptualization of nursing / Mary J. Thorson and Edward J. Halloran / Johnson's behavioral system model / Sharon A. Wilkerson and Carol J. Loveland-Cherry
                          

                            Orem's model of self care / Hertha L. Gast and Kristen S. Montgomery
                          

                            Roy's adaptation model / Mary E. Tiedeman
                          

                            Leininger's culture care theory / Madeleine Leininger and Marilyn McFarland
                          

                            Neuman's systems model / Patricia Hinton Walker
                          

                            King's conceptual system and theory of goal attainment / Maureen A. Frey
                          

                            Martha Rogers' model: science of unitary beings / Jean Croce Hemphill and Stephanie I. Muth Quillin
                          

                            Newman's theory of health / Veronica F. Engle and Emily J. Fox-Hill
                          

                            Watson's model of caring / Ann C. Glasgow and Diana L. Morris
                          

                            Fitzpatrick's life perspective rhythm model / Jana L. Pressler and Kristen S. Montgomery.
                          

Subject headings


Nursing--Philosophy.


Nursing models.

ISBN


                  0130480606
                



Holdings


Library
Blmgtn - Auxiliary Library Facility
Call Number
RT84.5 .C664 2005
Location
Auxiliary Library Facility - Stacks



Library
Indpls - IUPUI University Library
Call Number
RT84.5 .C664 2005
Location
Missing






×
Select Campus


Access to this resource may be restricted to users from specific IU campuses.
Please choose your campus in order to proceed:


Not affiliated with Indiana University (licensed resources
          not accessible off-campus)



















            Preview
          







 
    Tools
  






Move checked Item to Folder
Select a FolderDefault folder











          Cite
          



APA


Chicago


MLA


All Styles





Export to Refworks


Export to EndNote


Email


Librarian View


View Record in IUCAT Classic






  Browse by call number:



Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application


RT84.5 .C664 1989



Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application


RT84.5 .C664 1996



Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application


RT84.5 .C664 2005



Conceptual models of nursing. Global perspectives


RT84.5 .C664 2016



Crisis theory : a framework for nursing practice


RT84.5 .C74





« Previous


Next »



















Powered by Blacklight
  









Joyce Fitzpatrick's Life Perspective Rhythm Model  by Jan Kaela Magallano on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
        
            Create your own
        
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookJoyce Fitzpatrick's Life Perspective Rhythm Model 
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by Jan Kaela Magallano
        
        on 24 July 2015
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of Joyce Fitzpatrick's Life Perspective Rhythm Model Fitzpatrick's Life Perspective Rhythm Model Fitzpatrick presented a rhythm model for the field of inquiry for nursing. A developmental model that proposes that the process of human development is characterized by rhythms. The person is treated as an open, holistic, rhythmic system that can be described by indices of holistic human functioning as temporal, motion, consciousness, and perceptual patterns. Fitzpatrick has asserted that the four indices of human functioning are intricately related to health patterns throughout the life span, and these indices are rhythmic in nature. Differences in behavioral manifestations are more easily identified during the peaks and troughs of particular human rhythms throughout the developmental process. There are patterns within a pattern or overall life patterns. Life’s pattern continues toward timelessness, becoming more dominant as one’s development occurs. Meaning is viewed as the central component of the human experience and is necessary to enhance and maintain life. Fitzpatrick incorporated Rogers’ (1983) postulated correlates of human development as the basis for differentiation, organizing, and ordering life’s reality. Rogers’ correlates of shorter, higher frequency waves that manifest shorter rhythms and approach as seemingly continuous pattern serve as Fitzpatrick’s foci for hypothesizing the existence of rhythmic patterns.According to J.L Pressler, in Fitzpatrick’s rhythm model, “Nursing, as a noun, was described as a developing discipline whose central concern is the meaning attached to life (death). As a verb, nursing, or nursing activity, was said to be focused on enhancing the developmental process toward health so that individuals may be led to develop their potentials as human beings.” Primary purpose of nursing is the promotion and maintenance of an optimal level of wellness.NURSINGFull transcriptMore presentations by
    
        
            Jan Kaela Magallano
        GROUP 4VITAL SIGNSHealth ProjectPopular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsLanguages
                    English
                
                    Español
                
                    한국어
                
                    日本語
                
                    Deutsch
                
                    Português
                
                    Français
                
                    Magyar
                
                    Italiano
                InfogramChartsInfographicsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportBlogSee all© 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsPreziProductGalleryThe ScienceConversational PresentingFor BusinessTestimonialsInfogramInfogramChartsInfographicsCompanyAboutTeamCareersOur ValuesPressOur CustomersContact UsSupportPrezi Next SupportPrezi Classic SupportLanguages
                                English
                            
                                Español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                Français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                Italiano
                            © 2017 Prezi Inc. TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks
