










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














FJ Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:58 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of FJ Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
FJ Capital Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm invests in the hedging markets. It invests in small-cap stocks of the companies operating in the banking industry. The firm employs a fundamental analysis while creating its portfolios. FJ Capital Management, LLC was founded in December 2007 and is based in McLean, Virginia.


1313 Dolley Madison BoulevardSuite 306McLean, VA 22101United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 703-331-5500

Fax: 703-639-0025

www.fjcapital.com







Key Executives for FJ Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Martin Saul Friedman


      	Co-Founder, Managing Member, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Andrew Frank Jose


      	Managing Partner and Co-Founder
      








Mr. Jeffrey Alan Kashdin CPA


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Scott A. Cottrell CPA


      	Managing Director
      








Ms. Jessica Wonkyung Lee


      	Senior Economic and Regulatory Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      January 31, 2017
			    
Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 26, 2017
			    
Centrue Financial Corporation



Merger/Acquisition

			      October 6, 2016
			    
Georgetown Bancorp, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FJ Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.fjcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























About Us | FJ Management






























OUR STORY
FJ Management, Inc. formerly known as Flying J Inc., is a Utah-based private holding company that manages a diverse portfolio of oil and travel-related assets under the company guiding principles of Integrity, Mutual Respect and Excellence. Founded in 1968 by O. Jay Call, the company continues to grow and prosper under the leadership and support of many.
THE VISION
FJ Management is committed to an organic growth and acquisition strategy that maximizes our vision of diversification. We concentrate on evaluating acquisition candidates that are strategically aligned with our current business investments, in addition to developing new business platforms that complement or expand our mission of Building Value to Last. Read more on our investments.
Our focus is directed toward partnering with long term business owners whose demonstrated entrepreneurial ability provides a track record of sustainable growth in both top line revenue and profitability, exemplify high quality business ethics and, who have a desire to continue to expand and grow their business through our capital and corporate leadership.
For additional information on FJ Management and our growth strategy, please contact us directly at info@fjmgt.com.
Building Value To Last
FJ Management’s mission is steeped in a tradition of managing our assets in a way that build long term value for our shareholders, our employees and our customers.
We consider ourselves partners with each of our subsidiaries.  We seek and lead businesses that have a strong culture aligned with our principles – Integrity, Excellence, Respect – as well as long term growth and profitability potential.
We use a flexible approach to business management, working to create win-win situations for both shareholders and employees. While each business has a unique mission and culture, we share a common set of values that create a lasting foundation.
Our principles help us create a positive environment where we are able to attract and retain bright, engaged people who enjoy what they do and are comfortable challenging one another. We seek employees who strive to contribute to the overall success of the company.
Each of our businesses provides work that is interesting and meaningful with reliable and stable employment for people to build careers and improve their lives.





Management

Crystal Maggelet
Chairman & CEO
Crystal Call Maggelet is the CEO and President of FJ Management Inc., a diversified family business. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include Maverik, a 260 convenience store chain, and Big West Oil petroleum refinery. FJ Management also has a minority stake in Pilot Flying J, the largest travel center operator in the U.S. In addition to her role Chair of the FJ Management Board, she is a director and Chair of the Audit Committee on the Pilot Flying J Board of Managers and a Director on the Savage Services Board.
Crystal began her entrepreneurial pursuits in 1993 with the introduction of the Crystal Inn hotel company. In 1994 she and her husband, Chuck Maggelet, founded MacCall Management, L.L.C. to develop and manage hotels. She continued to be involved in the hotel company until 2009 when she became CEO of FJ Management.
Crystal holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration from Pepperdine University as well as an MBA from
Harvard. Recently Utah State University awarded Crystal an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business.
Crystal is actively involved in managing the family’s charitable giving through the FJ Impact Fund which focuses on education and scholarships.

Chuck Maggelet
President

As Chief Operating Officer and President for FJ Management, Chuck manages the investment portfolio and growth strategy for the company.
Chuck received an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1991 and in 1993 married Crystal Call and moved to Salt Lake City. Together they built the Crystal Inn hotel chain opening the first hotel in 1994.  Soon after, Chuck started MacCall Management, a hotel management and development company. Over the next 8 years, MacCall Managment built or acquired 11 hotels and grow the portfolio to 14 hotels and more than $26M in annual revenues.
In early 2009, Crystal Maggelet was named Flying J’s Chairman, CEO & President, and Chuck was elected to its Board of Directors. Later that year, Chuck was elected Chairman of the Board of Flying J’s industrial loan charter bank, Transportation Alliance Bank.

Rick Bozzelli
CFO
Richard L. Bozzelli is Chief Financial Officer of FJ Management. Prior to joining FJM, he was Co-Founder of Capstone Capital, Inc. and Co-Founder, Executive VP & CFO of JH Berry Risk Services.
Rick, originally from Philadelphia, earned his Bachelor of Science from the University of Alabama at Birmingham, completed the International Tax Program at New York University Executive in Residence at Birmingham Southern College. He began his career in Public Accounting and practiced as a C.P.A. with a “Big 8” firm for over eight years. He was VP & CFO of a privately held $2.4 billion international conglomerate, having business operations in over 20 countries across over 40 diversified businesses. During his tenure there, he negotiated, closed and integrated over 90 global acquisitions, assisting in the company’s growth from approximately $200 million to over $2.4 billion. Immediately prior to co-founding Capstone, Rick was Director and COO of a Healthcare Services company providing behavioral healthcare services throughout the United States. Rick enjoys golf and traveling with his family.

Brett Bailey
General Counsel

Brett graduated from the University of Utah, cum laude (BA ‘88) in History and (BS ’88) in Political Science. That fall he entered Georgetown University Law Center in Washington D.C., obtaining his Juris Doctorate in 1991. As a member of the California Bar, Brett practiced law in Los Angeles for seven years and San Francisco for eleven years, gaining experience in litigation, environmental, real estate, and transactional work.
In 2007, Brett joined Flying J Inc. as senior corporate counsel assigned primarily to Big West Oil, LLC, its refining subsidiary, and its pipeline business. He was advanced to General Counsel of Big West Oil in 2011. Brett helped guide Flying J through its bankruptcy proceedings in 2009 and 2010, leading to the restructured FJ Management Inc.  In 2012, Brett helped FJ Management acquire Maverik Inc.  He became General Counsel of FJ Management effective January 2013.
Outside of work, Brett enjoys his family, hiking, travel, history, and hopes to take at least one perfect photograph before he’s too old to press the shutter release on his camera.

Amanda Poitra
Chief Human Resources Officer

Amanda Poitra is currently the Chief Human Resources Officer of FJ Management Inc. Amanda started her career in Human Resources in 1983 working for ANG Coal Gasification Company. This was a $2.2B   world-class start-up operation designed to convert lignite coal to synthetic fuel. During this time, Amanda developed substantial experience in all phases of Human Resources, from recruitment to compensation and benefits to EEO and employment law expertise, employee relations, training and development, and other HR areas. After completing this successful start-up, Amanda continued working in the natural resources and consumer products industries with other start-up initiatives of similar scope and eventually expanded her leadership experience to Global Human Resources and Organizational and Leadership Development. She worked on six continents and dozens of countries implementing Leadership and Human Resources strategies.
Amanda holds a Bachelors Degree in Business Administration. She also holds Master certifications in Human and Organizational Development and Human Capital Strategist.
Amanda is a mother and grandmother and loves spending time with her family. She enjoys golf, reading and traveling.



HISTORY
O. Jay Call grew up in the gas station business working for both his father and his uncle. In 1965, Jay built his first station and a small store in Ontario, Oregon followed by another in Lewiston, Idaho. In the spring of 1968, he incorporated Flying J for the purpose of building and operating live-in, self-service gasoline stations.
Jay was driven and his efforts proved to be successful. Between 1968 and 1973 Jay built 23 stations in California, Washington, Oregon, and Nevada. However, Jay was not limited to the oil industry. Through 1975 and 1977 Jay invested in other ventures to support the rest of the business: land development, restaurants, and hotels in Utah, Washington, and Oregon.
Jay opened the first interstate Flying J Travel Plaza along with its Tamarack Restaurant in 1979. He did not shy away from risk; in fact Jay acquired companies like Husky Oil and Thunderbird that were predicted to fail but ended up being some of his most valuable assets. By the late 1980s Jay was less involved in the daily operations but maintained a strong advisory role at Flying J. He supported new business ideas, including a waterpark, hotels, and later the Crystal Inn hotel chain that he ran with his daughter.
Unfortunately, in 2003, Jay’s life was cut short in a tragic plane accident. Following the untimely death and an unfortunate set of business circumstances, FJ Management sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December of 2008. This led to a complete reorganization of the company, which resulted in Crystal Call Maggelet taking the position of President and CEO.
With new leadership and a strong reorganization plan that included the selling of assets and a merger between Flying J and Pilot Travel Centers, the company was able to make 100 percent repayment to all creditors in 2010.
The company flourished with the establishment of an investment portfolio and the acquisition of Maverik – one of the country’s largest gas station chains. Today, Flying J Management is a thriving company focused on increased growth and success for its subsidiaries, as well as building value to last. FJM is an employee focused company, stressing integrity, mutual respect, excellence in its business dealings.



















Community
Student Scholarships and Collegiate Contributions
With a focus on building a better future, the company takes pride in supporting local colleges and their students through scholarships and other contributions. Scholarships are available to students at Dixie State University, Salt Lake Community College, Southern Utah University, University of Utah, Utah State University, Weber State University, and Westminster College.
Our scholarship applications:
Dixie State University
Salt Lake Community College
Southern Utah University
University of Utah
Utah State University
Weber State University
Westminster College
FJM Impact Fund
FJ Management also manages the FJM Impact Fund focused on education and community giving. Over the past three years FJ Management has donated over $3.5 million through scholarships, significant donations to Utah State University’s Jon M. Huntsman School of Business and the University of Utah’s Eccles School of Business. The donations to both of the universities provide career focused centers, in order to facilitate student success. In addition, these and several other local universities have annual scholarships funded by the FJM Impact Fund.









Top














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Wolcott Daily | 														









 













 



















 










































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News
Contact




Today's Date:  Wednesday, July 26th, 2017


Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]








Latest Headlines





Tig Advisors Has Lifted Rite Aid (RAD) Holding; Orthofix International N V Has 1.1 Sentiment
Richard Conner
Orthofix International N.V. is a global medical device company. The company has market cap of $821.21 million. The Firm is focused on providing reconstructive and regenerative orthopedic and spine solutions (more…)




Silver Point Capital LP Cut By $2.78 Million Its Phh (PHH) Holding; Ellsworth Growth Income Fund (NYSEMKT:ECF) Sellers Decreased By 14.63% Their Shorts
Adrian Mccoy
Ellsworth Growth Income Fund (NYSEMKT:ECF) had a decrease of 14.63% in short interest. ECF’s SI was 3,500 shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 14.63% from 4,100 shares previously. With 24,300 (more…)


Broadview Advisors Has Increased Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Stake By $1.31 Million; Last Week Carlsberg A S (ADR) (CABGY) Coverage
Vivian Park
Among 6 analysts covering Carlsberg AS (OTCMKTS:CABGY), 1 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 17% are positive. Carlsberg AS had 9 analyst reports since August 20, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. (more…)




Scholtz & Company Has Lifted Its Constellation Brands (STZ) Position; Innerworkings (INWK) Has 0.97 Sentiment
Riverhead Capital Management Lowered Its Foot Locker (FL) Position; Last Week Franco Nevada (FNV) Analysts
Shannon River Fund Management Cut By $6.24 Million Its Bazaarvoice (BV) Holding, Cerus (CERS) Sentiment Is 1.37
Corsair Capital Management LP Cut Its Kar Auction Svcs (KAR) Holding, Enbridge (ENB) SI Decreased By 15.56%
Wellington Management Group Llp Has Boosted Its Century Cmntys (CCS) Stake; Tesco PLC (LON:TSCO) Had 9 Bulls
683 Capital Management Has Decreased Durect (DRRX) Position By $360,000, 1 800 Flowers Com (FLWS)’s Sentiment Is 0.82
Kdi Capital Partners Cut By $649,800 Its Oracle (ORCL) Holding, Ebay (EBAY) Shorts Down By 18.28%
Natixis Has Raised By $1.09 Million Its Harley Davidson (HOG) Stake, Shorts at Auris Medical Holding AG (EARS) Lowered By 1.77%
Bank Of Nova Scotia Has Raised By $616.65 Million Its Manulife Finl (MFC) Position; World Wrestling Entertainmentinc (WWE)’s Sentiment Is 1.37
Fort Washington Investment Advisors Increased Agrium (AGU) Holding; Sfe Investment Counsel Boosted Williams Sonoma (WSM) Holding
First Pacific Advisors Has Decreased Comerica (CMA) Stake; Vascular Solutions (VASC) Has 1.33 Sentiment
First Pacific Advisors Increased Its Avnet (AVT) Stake; Shorts at Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Lowered By 0.66%
Sentinel Asset Management Has Lowered By $690,420 Its Skyworks Solutions  (SWKS) Position, Dasan Zhone Solutions (DZSI) Sellers Decreased By 40% Their Shorts
Guardian Capital Advisors LP Lowered By $473,565 Its Goldman Sachs Group (GS) Stake; Shorts at Dycom Industries (DY) Raised By 2.44%
Cove Street Capital Has Lowered By $413,034 Its Leucadia National (LUK) Holding, Shorts at Dynex Capital (DX) Raised By 3.25%
Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) EPS Estimated At $0.28, Devon Energy (DVN) Shorts Raised By 12.53%
Polar Securities Has Cut By $2.20 Million Its Rite Aid (RAD) Stake, Black Diamond Group Ltd (TSE:BDI) Had 4 Bullish Analysts
Crawford Investment Counsel Decreased Its Accenture Plc Ireland (ACN) Position; Davidstea (DTEA) Shorts Up By 1.92%
Analysts at Roth Capital Reiterated their Buy rating for Shopify (SHOP). The PT is Set to $101.0000; George Weston Limited (TSE:WN) Had 3 Analysts Last Week






 





  Recent Posts 

Tig Advisors Has Lifted Rite Aid (RAD) Holding; Orthofix International N V Has 1.1 Sentiment


Silver Point Capital LP Cut By $2.78 Million Its Phh (PHH) Holding; Ellsworth Growth Income Fund (NYSEMKT:ECF) Sellers Decreased By 14.63% Their Shorts


Broadview Advisors Has Increased Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Stake By $1.31 Million; Last Week Carlsberg A S (ADR) (CABGY) Coverage


Scholtz & Company Has Lifted Its Constellation Brands (STZ) Position; Innerworkings (INWK) Has 0.97 Sentiment


Riverhead Capital Management Lowered Its Foot Locker (FL) Position; Last Week Franco Nevada (FNV) Analysts


Shannon River Fund Management Cut By $6.24 Million Its Bazaarvoice (BV) Holding, Cerus (CERS) Sentiment Is 1.37


Corsair Capital Management LP Cut Its Kar Auction Svcs (KAR) Holding, Enbridge (ENB) SI Decreased By 15.56%


Wellington Management Group Llp Has Boosted Its Century Cmntys (CCS) Stake; Tesco PLC (LON:TSCO) Had 9 Bulls


683 Capital Management Has Decreased Durect (DRRX) Position By $360,000, 1 800 Flowers Com (FLWS)’s Sentiment Is 0.82


Kdi Capital Partners Cut By $649,800 Its Oracle (ORCL) Holding, Ebay (EBAY) Shorts Down By 18.28%







© Copyright 2015-2017 Wolcott Daily Inc - wolcottdaily.com       About - Our Team - Contact











Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle


























FJ Capital Management LLC







































Fj Capital Management LLC                                                                                                - Mc Lean                                           , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Mc Lean



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Fj Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















F 


Fj Capital Management LLC                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1313 DOLLEY MADISON BLVD # 306 MC LEAN, VA 22101
Get Directions



(703) 875-8378
www.fjcapital.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,828,002.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Martin Friedman                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Fj Capital Management Llc                                                                                                was founded in 2011. Fj Capital Management Llc                                                                                                specializes in Security Brokers And Dealers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC






1313 DOLLEY MADISON BLVD., MCLEAN,  Virginia, 22101, (703) 875-8378


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
90


New Positions
11


Increased Positions
42


Decreased Positions
19


Positions with Activity
61


Sold Out Positions
7


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
735



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials



Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals
0%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials
100%


Healthcare



Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






90 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



INVESTORS BANCORP INC NEW
COM
77,152
479
.63
5,719,200


PINNACLE FINL PARTNERS INC
COM
40,237
-71
(0.18)
622,860


VERITEX HLDGS INC
COM
38,956
4,136
11.88
1,464,500


GUARANTY BANCORP DEL
COM NEW
27,825
335
1.22
1,021,100


SUN BANCORP INC
COM NEW
26,962

New
1,093,800


HOME BANCORP INC
COM
25,976
96
.37
650,700


PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP
COM
25,738

New
728,100


NATIONAL BK HLDGS CORP
CL A
22,354

New
652,300


OLD NATL BANCORP IND
COM
20,083

New
1,232,100


UNIVEST CORP PA
COM
19,759
1,109
5.95
652,100


SHORE BANCSHARES INC
COM
18,219
643
3.66
1,076,800


INVESTAR HLDG CORP
COM
17,843
4,106
29.89
794,800


EQUITY BANCSHARES INC
COM CL A
17,748
552
3.21
514,000


OLD LINE BANCSHARES INC
COM
17,153
1,192
7.47
631,800


MIDLAND STS BANCORP INC ILL
COM
16,364

New
484,299


MALVERN BANCORP INC
COM
16,020

New
648,600


OCEANFIRST FINL CORP
COM
15,699
339
2.21
579,100


SEACOAST BKG CORP FLA
COM NEW
14,655
1,462
11.08
601,600


SOUTHERN MO BANCORP INC
COM
14,653
514
3.64
461,500


FIRST BANK WILLIAMSTOWN NJ
COM
13,726
815
6.32
1,102,500




<< first< previous12345next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Woodward Announces Declaration of Dividend
                        



	                     1:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Wells Fargo planned to disclose auto insurance issues during customer refunds -exec
                        



	                     1:27PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Walmart Chile workers vote to go on strike
                        



	                     1:23PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Wells planned to disclose auto insurance issues when refunding customers -exec
                        



	                     1:13PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P lower as Amazon, tobacco stocks drag; Dow, Nasdaq flat
                        



	                     1:06PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.FJCAPITAL.COM
•   MCLEAN, VA
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             FJ Capital Management is based out of Mclean. FJ Capital Management is a hedge fund  with  11-25 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $354,985,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-30).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $726,606,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 45.04%. FJ Capital Management's largest holding is Investors Bancorp Inc with shares held of 5,719,200.  FJ Capital Management has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 18 13Fs and  40 13D/G filings in our database for FJ Capital Management. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


OPB
        
        OPUS BANK
0.75%



ISTR
        
        INVESTAR HOLD
0.701%



BLMT
        
        BSB BanCorp, Inc. (MA)
0.579%



EVBN
        
        Evans Bancorp Inc
0.552%



BANR
        
        Banner Corp
0.505%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


SNC
         
         STATE NATIONAL
0.738%


SGBK
         
         Stonegate Bank
0.466%


NGHCN
         
         National General Ho...
0.401%


FSB
         
         Franklin Financial ...
0.333%


CBFV
         
         CB Financial Servic...
0.322%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


ISBC
                                                  
                                                  Investors Bancorp Inc
11.3187%


BNCN
                                                  
                                                  BNC Bancorp
5.7394%


VBTX
                                                  
                                                  VERITEX HOLDINGS
5.6677%


PPBI
                                                  
                                                  Pacific Premier BanCorp., Inc.
3.8629%


SNBC
                                                  
                                                  Sun BanCorp., Inc. (NJ)
3.6731%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $726.606 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $673.436 Million
New Purchases12 stocks
Additional Purchases31 stocks
Sold out of8 stocks
Reduced holdings in12 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %45.04%
Turnover %
                        [1]:23.81%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:8.08%
Time Held Top20:5.45 quarters
Time Held Top10:6.80 quarters
Time Held All:7.32 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-2.16%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
38.8%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

Classified as Hedge Fund

1313 DOLLEY MADISON BLVD
SUITE 306

MCLEAN
VA
            
        22101
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          703-331-5500
Fax:
              703-639-0025


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
14


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
278,085,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
3



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.FJCAPITAL.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for FJ CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























