



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












Flat Footed I LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Flat Footed I Gp Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Flat Footed I LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Flat Footed Llc 101 Otter Rock Drive 
    Greenwich, CT, 06830Phone: 000-000-0000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-20


New


$14,168,384


$14,168,384


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Flat Footed I Gp Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Flat Footed Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 





















 



















10 Ten Seconds Flat Foot LP Low Profile Flat Feet Support Insoles  | eBay












 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Health & Beauty
>
Medical, Mobility & Disability
>
Orthopedics & Supports
>
Insoles & Shoe Inserts











































People who viewed this item also viewedSPONSORED10 Seconds Flat Foot Low Profile Arch Support Insoles$23.99Free shippingFlexaMed Arch Bandage (Pair) - Ease flat feet, arch pain, plantar fasciitis$8.49Free shipping10 Ten Seconds Flat Foot Sport Low Arch Support Insoles$19.31Free shippingAMOPE GEL ACTIV FLAT SHOE INSOLES WOMEN'S SIZE 5-10  All day comfort foot insert$6.00+ $3.0010 SECONDS ARCH 1000 PERFORMANCE INSOLES Men's 12.5-13.5 Medium to Low Arch$19.50Free shipping



Picture Information















Image not available
Photos not available for this variation










X

























Have one to sell?



							Sell now








Details about   10 Ten Seconds Flat Foot LP Low Profile Flat Feet Support Insoles




10 Ten Seconds Flat Foot LP Low Profile Flat Feet Support Insoles







Email to friends
Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab






|

Add to watch list













							Seller information


 leathercaresupplystore

	            (69363
)

99.8% Positive feedback








Follow this seller





	Visit store: Leather Care Supply


See other items


More...
See all



leathercaresupplystore has no other items for sale.











Item Information




		Item condition:
New






-1

Select Size: 


- Select -
Mens 4/Womens 5.5
Mens 5/Womens 6.5
Mens 6/Womens 7.5[out of stock]
Mens 7/Womens 8.5[out of stock]
Mens 8/Womens 9.5[out of stock]
Mens 9/Womens 10.5[out of stock]
Mens 10/Womens 11.5[out of stock]
Mens 11/Womens 12.5[out of stock]
Mens 12[out of stock]
Mens 13[out of stock]
Mens 14[out of stock]










Quantity:











						9 available


 / 

27 sold
 / 
See feedback




 


Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less
Please enter a quantity of 1
Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer
Please enter quantity of 1 or more
Please enter a lower number
Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$
You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$










Price:

US $13.37














&nbsp
&nbsp


							Add to cart


	Added to your cart




 


4 watching





Add to watch list
Remove from watch list




Watch list is full






Add to collection





100% buyer satisfaction
27 sold
Free shipping and returns








Shipping:



FREE


				Standard Shipping

 | 

 See details 









 



	Item location:
Hallandale, Florida, United States






 



Ships to: 


			Worldwide







Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated between Wed. Aug. 2 and Mon. Aug. 7
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.







	Payments:




Credit Cards processed by PayPal






Get more time to pay. 




Loading... 

An error occurred, please try again.


Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab
																 | 
														See terms - opens in a new window or tab




See payment details



Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab

International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab





Returns:





30 days money back, free return shipping
									
										 | 
									 See details 








Guarantee:




Money Back Guarantee
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee
 | See details - opens in a new window or tab




		        				Get the item you ordered or get your money back.



			        				Covers your purchase price and original shipping.



 












 








Report item - opens in a new window or tab

Description current
Shipping and payments







	eBay item number:331823515689


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

Last updated on
		 Dec 14, 2016 14:11:36 PST 
		View all revisions





Item specifics



									 			Condition:




															
															
																New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item (including handmade items). See the seller's 

																			listing for full details.
																					See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab



																			... Read moreabout the condition





									 			Brand: 

10 Seconds



									 			MPN: 

Does Not Apply














Leather Care Supply

 leathercaresupplystore

	            (69363
)

99.8%
 


											Sign up for newsletter













										Visit Store:  
										Leather Care Supply







Items On Sale



 






Categories


Leather Care Leathercraft & Shoe Repair Foot Care & Comfort Shop by Brand Boot & Shoe Care Leather Goods & Gifts Footwear Miscellaneous Items Shoelaces Zipper & Apparel Sporting Goods Health & Beauty Hat Care Automotive Products Other 















Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab











	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.








												Shipping and handling



									This item will ship to  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller- opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.


									Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.



 

Item location: Hallandale, Florida, United States




			Shipping to: Worldwide









No additional import charges at delivery!

						This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more- opens in a new window or tab












Quantity:




Change country:

-Select-
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan Republic
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde Islands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia, Republic of
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon Republic
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts-Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Western Samoa
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


There are 9 items available. Please enter a number less than or equal to 9.
Select a valid country.




ZIP Code:



Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.














Shipping and handling
To
Service
Delivery*







Free shipping





United States




														Standard Shipping (USPS First Class Package®)
															






Estimated between Wed. Aug. 2 and Mon. Aug. 7








	 				* Estimated delivery dates- opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment- opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. 









								Handling time


Estimated sales tax






Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab.


Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL*(6.0%).
* Tax applies to subtotal + S&H for these states only



















				Return policy





								After receiving the item, contact seller within


Refund will be given as


Return shipping





								30 days



											Money back


Free return shipping


















Payment details




Payment method
Preferred / Accepted
 











																Accepted


															 









Enjoy more time to pay
Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.
For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.
Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. Subject to credit approval. See terms - opens in a new window or tab
Other offers may be available from time to time.
The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.


 




																		Visa/MasterCard, Amex, Discover



																Accepted


															 














 














Current bid amount 








+





+ import charges (shown at checkout)



time left
##2## left
|
Bid Count 





















Your high bid amount:






















Your bid amount:




Calculating import charges...
+ import charges (shown at checkout)




							Confirm










 



Place your bid
Help button. Click to expand the details about Quick bid


Consider bidding the highest amount you're willing to pay. We'll bid for you, just enough to keep you in the lead. We'll keep your high bid amount hidden from everyone else.
See moreButtonClick to expand the details about Quick bid


																				Here's how bidding works:

If the current bid is $20, and you bid $30, we bid $21 for you.
If no one else bids, you win and pay $21.
If someone else bids $31, we bid for you up to your max of $30.















Approx.










Approx.










Approx.













OR







Really want to win? Try raising your high bid amount.

















							Bid





















By placing a bid, you're committing to buy this item if you win.
By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 
By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.
By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.











Loading...




Bid layer is updating the contents.
Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.



d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
+ See item description for shipping
Calculate
Approximately:
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.
You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.
You're the highest bidder on this item!
You're the first bidder on this item!
You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.
This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.
You've been outbid by someone else.
You can still win! Try bidding again.
You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.
You can still win! Try bidding again.
You've been outbid by someone else.
Try raising your max bid.
You're the highest bidder!
To increase your chances of winning, try raising your bid.
You're the first bidder. Good Luck!
You're still the highest bidder!
You increased your max bid to 
Please enter your bid again.
Enter a valid amount for your bid.
Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.
You have to bid at least 
Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.
Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
Increase max bid
Enter a custom max bid more than ##2##
Enter a custom max bid of ##2## or more
+ ##2## approximate import charges
##2## (approximately)
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
+ ##2## for shipping
+ FREE SHIPPING
Bid ##3## now
Bid ##3##


























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:
















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.








Feedback on leathercaresupplystore from others who bought this item





10
Positive



0
Neutral



0
Negative









by a***l

											During past month

Great product and fast shipping! 




by 2***5

											During past 6 months

Perfect! Thanks!




by t***o

											During past 6 months

The item was out of stock. They handled the refund and cancellation very well.




by a***m

											During past 6 months

Very quick shipping. Excellent!




by o***o

											During past year

Great ebay seller ^j^ stands behind his products !!




by o***o

											During past year

Just what I wanted !! Great ebay seller ^j^




by o***o

											During past year

items as described ^j^




by n***r

											During past year

Great deal 




by s***a

											During past year

nice! fast shipping too! Love it! Thanks




by a***0

											During past year

Product as described - Fast delivery - Good seller!








See all





























Back to home page



Return to top



More to explore :
LP Medical Braces and Supports,
Liquid Foot Antifungals/Athlete's feet,
Gel Foot Antifungals/Athlete's feet,
Cream Foot Antifungals/Athlete's feet,
Powder Foot Antifungals/Athlete's feet,
Spray Foot Antifungals/Athlete's feet



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Flipper Flanagan And The Flat Footed Four - It's Alive (Vinyl, LP, Album) at Discogs
























 














Explore



                        Marketplace




                        Community




                                Groups                            



                                Forum                            



                                Blog                            



                                Friends                            



                                Community Guidelines                            



                                Database Guidelines                            



 


                            Register                        



                            Log In                        

 




 





 
Hello! We have selected English as your language preference. If you would like to browse in a different language, please choose a language using the dropdown. DeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItaliano日本語







 
Please enable Javascript to take full advantage of our site features.




 















                    More Images                










                                                            Edit Release                                                    

Sell This Item






Flipper Flanagan And The Flat Footed Four

                ‎–
                
                                            It's Alive
                                    

Label:

Water Fowl Productions ‎– H-61004

                
Format:

Vinyl, LP, Album
            

Country:


                Canada
            

Released:


                1979
            

Genre:

Folk, World, & Country

Style:

Celtic, Bluegrass






                Tracklist                            



A1
Randy Lynn Rag






A2
Public Domain






A3
Drink, Drink, Yer Zider Up






A4
Please Don't Bury Me






A5
Variety Breakdown






A6
Hosed Again






A7
Black Velvet Band






A8
Nova Scotia Song






B1
Happy Birthday Cathy






B2
Maple Sugar Rag






B3
Reilly's Daughter






B4
Columbus Stockade Blues






B5
Fox On The Run






B6
Snowball






B7
Ballad Of Jed Clampett






B8
Flipper Flanigan's Fat And Furious Frolics










                        Notes
        

                    Issued with an insert.
    
        




                            Reviews    
        


Add Review








[r4811671]


            Release
        

Edit Release


                                    New Submission                            






 Add to Collection                    

 Add to Wantlist
 Remove from Wantlist











        Marketplace                                                0


4 For Sale from $5.57



                                    Buy                                                    Vinyl
                            
Sell Vinyl


















        Share





                        Statistics
        



Have:
4


Want:
0


Avg Rating:
3.0 / 5
        

Ratings:
1




Last Sold:
                                    Never                            

Lowest:
                --
            

Median:
                --
            

Highest:
                --
            






                        Videos                                        
                    Edit                


Add a Video





                        Lists                    
        



        Add to List    




Contributors

cobblerdave, ClassicRockOnVinyl, superiorrecords






 





Discogs



                            About Us



                            Blog


Shop



                            App



                            Careers



                            API



                            Change Log




Help Is Here



                            Help & Support



                            Forum



                            Keyboard Shortcuts                        


Database Guidelines
 


Join In



                            Get Started



                                Sign Up



                            Contribute



                            Add Release



                            Contributor List



                            Help Translate



                            Discogs Events                        


                            Advertise With Us




Follow Us



Facebook
                        



Twitter
                        



Instagram
                        



Mixcloud
                        



Soundcloud
                        



Tumblr
                        


 

                © 2017 Discogs®
            
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy



                    English
                    

  Deutsch 
 English 
 Español 
 Français 
 Italiano 
 日本語 









































Amazon.com: Customer reviews: Gliere: Symphony No. 3 'Il'ya Muromets'




 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 




















































































Gliere: Symphony No. 3 'Il'ya Muromets'

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.5 out of 5 stars214.5 out of 5 stars5 star81%4 star9%3 star5%2 star5%1 star0%Gliere: Symphony No. 3 'Il'ya Muromets'byBuffalo Philharmonic OrchestraFormat: Audio CD|ChangePrice:$12.34+ Free shipping with Amazon PrimeWrite a reviewAdd to CartAdd to Wish List
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.


Top positive reviewSee all 19 positive reviews› 
          3 people found this helpful
5.0 out of 5 starsOverblown piece, masterful performance!ByMike Morrisonon October 28, 2016Rheinhold Glière was a composer of modest gift who left some fine works. This symphony is one of them. That said, it should come with a warning label. It is very long and frequently overwritten. Listening to the uncut version of it demands a certain mindset and more than a little determination.Fascinated by the photo on the front of the jacket, I bought Ormandy's LP of the work in the fall of 1957, and I bought his later take on the piece in 1972. I finally found a fine CD recording, done by Yoav Talmi and the San Diego Symphony, in 1992. That recording is judiciously edited, coming in at 66:27 and I continue to recommend it.Still, I have longed for the definitive rendition of the entire work, as Glière wrote and intended it. This is that rendition.True enough, Glière's reach sometimes exceeds his grasp, and this relatively youthful work contains a certain amount of repetition and padding. At its best, however, it is deliciously evocative and contains plenty of goose bump inducing bombast. It helps if you read the booklet notes first so you'll know where the work comes from and what it is intended to portray. JoAnn Falletta's notes are particularly defining. She honors and understands the work and has brought it to life. Her interpretation flows freely, avoiding the pitfall of allowing the gigantic piece to bog down. Il'ya Muromets is a huge, simple, flat-footed beast, and trying to overthink it or read more into it than it contains would not work. Were it food, it would be meat loaf. Hearty and satisfying, to be sure, but certainly not gourmet cuisine. Just put it on, crank it up, and let it rip.The Buffalonians acquit themselves magnificently. I attend frequent concerts in Walt Disney Concert Hall by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and this orchestra brings that same level of power and intensity to this piece. I have submitted a suggestion to Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil that they program this work, and I have suggested JoAnn Falletta as a suitable guest conductor.Of special note is the French horn section. That mighty solo fanfare of theirs at the nine minute mark in the fourth movement is about as chilling as anything you'll ever hear from a symphony orchestra. The cavernous reverb of the Kleinhans Music Hall serves it perfectly.I would have only the slightest quibble with the recording. It is a bit heavy-footed, and the violins on the left seem a little back. There are passages in which I would have loved to hear them soar. I suspect Glière's scoring is a bit heavy-handed, or heavy-footed, and maybe slightly different microphone placement would bring the high strings out a bit more. The large, empty hall adds impact, but at the expense of some detail. Still, a smaller orchestra in a smaller venue would stifle this gigantic symphony, and the overall effect here is one of grandeur. It's a massive work and it demands a massive performance, which it receives here. I love it and recommend it wholeheartedly!

Read more
Top critical reviewSee all 2 critical reviews› 
          5 people found this helpful
3.0 out of 5 starsDisappointing, fast, lacking in epic powerByFirebrandon January 25, 2015The Gliere Symphony No.3 is a sprawling work begging for a great recording in modern digital sound. After hearing this version by the Buffalo Philharmonic conducted by JoAnn Falletta, it is still begging.Although well recorded and well played by a very prepared Buffalo orchestra, Falletta's interpretation is unfortunately lacking in power and weightiness. The Ilya Muromets, a score that is unabashedly and garishly epic/eroic and monumental, here winds up being none of these things. This is a fast, uptempo, lighter textured presentation with nice detail that, for me, left no lasting impression, no feeling of importance. The universal acclaim that this recording has received from critics, including (the often dead wrong) (and he is on this one, once again) David Hurwitz, is completely overblown, in my opinion. It is merely okay, but is neither an important version, nor the very best version.I would not recommend this recording over the alternatives---not one of which is ideal. Hermann Scherchen's old recording of the uncut version has sufficient edginess and vision, and for the often unpredictable Scherchen, a surprisingly mainstream take. But in the mono sound is bad, Scherchen is probably still too erratic for most, and the orchestra is scrappy. Harold Farberman's version with the Royal Philharmonic is appropriately heavyweight but leaden, too slow. Igor Golovschin's with the State Symphony Orchestra is even more leaden. Donald Johanos, also on Naxos, strikes a nice centrist balance, but the orchestra, the Czech-Slovak Radio Symphony is not top tier and the performance, like Falletta's, lacks weight. Edward Downes/BBC Phiharmonic is good: hefty, polished, well recorded, but Downes' version is a bit too smooth and falls short in terms of excitement.Two outstanding recordings for both interpretation and orchestral execution are of the edited versions of the score. I believe Leopold Stokowski's 1957 recording with the Houston Symphony captures the power and color of the symphony well, and in pretty good stereo sound of that era. The work was tailor made for Stokowski, who reveled in such epics. But Stokowski made dramatic and painful cuts. Finally, Ferenc Fricsay's 1956 mono recording with the Berlin RIAS is a serious and outstanding performance that wins in terms of detail, expressive articulation, and overall architecture. It is one of many amazing examples of how incisive a musician the underrated Fricsay was. Fricsay also made significant cuts, and different ones. Fricsay's recording can only be found on a box set, the Complete Fricsay Recordings on Deutsche Grammophon, or on MP3.One promising option among the not-ideal choices, is by Natan Rachlin with the Moscow RTV Symphony Orchestra. This is a rare recording, expensive on CD but available on MP3. It is big, well paced (not fast, not slow). The Russian orchestra is predictably flinty but good.The Ilya Muromets deserves better. Perhaps in the future, it will get its due.

Read more





Sort by:
    TopMost recentTopFilter by:
    All reviewersVerified purchase onlyVerified purchase onlyAll stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyAll positiveAll criticalAll starsAll formatsFormat: Audio CDAll formatsSearchThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.Showing 1-10 of 11 reviews(Verified Purchases).
    See all 21 reviews5.0 out of 5 starsOverblown piece, masterful performance!ByMike Morrisonon October 28, 2016Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseRheinhold Glière was a composer of modest gift who left some fine works. This symphony is one of them. That said, it should come with a warning label. It is very long and frequently overwritten. Listening to the uncut version of it demands a certain mindset and more than a little determination.Fascinated by the photo on the front of the jacket, I bought Ormandy's LP of the work in the fall of 1957, and I bought his later take on the piece in 1972. I finally found a fine CD recording, done by Yoav Talmi and the San Diego Symphony, in 1992. That recording is judiciously edited, coming in at 66:27 and I continue to recommend it.Still, I have longed for the definitive rendition of the entire work, as Glière wrote and intended it. This is that rendition.True enough, Glière's reach sometimes exceeds his grasp, and this relatively youthful work contains a certain amount of repetition and padding. At its best, however, it is deliciously evocative and contains plenty of goose bump inducing bombast. It helps if you read the booklet notes first so you'll know where the work comes from and what it is intended to portray. JoAnn Falletta's notes are particularly defining. She honors and understands the work and has brought it to life. Her interpretation flows freely, avoiding the pitfall of allowing the gigantic piece to bog down. Il'ya Muromets is a huge, simple, flat-footed beast, and trying to overthink it or read more into it than it contains would not work. Were it food, it would be meat loaf. Hearty and satisfying, to be sure, but certainly not gourmet cuisine. Just put it on, crank it up, and let it rip.The Buffalonians acquit themselves magnificently. I attend frequent concerts in Walt Disney Concert Hall by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and this orchestra brings that same level of power and intensity to this piece. I have submitted a suggestion to Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil that they program this work, and I have suggested JoAnn Falletta as a suitable guest conductor.Of special note is the French horn section. That mighty solo fanfare of theirs at the nine minute mark in the fourth movement is about as chilling as anything you'll ever hear from a symphony orchestra. The cavernous reverb of the Kleinhans Music Hall serves it perfectly.I would have only the slightest quibble with the recording. It is a bit heavy-footed, and the violins on the left seem a little back. There are passages in which I would have loved to hear them soar. I suspect Glière's scoring is a bit heavy-handed, or heavy-footed, and maybe slightly different microphone placement would bring the high strings out a bit more. The large, empty hall adds impact, but at the expense of some detail. Still, a smaller orchestra in a smaller venue would stifle this gigantic symphony, and the overall effect here is one of grandeur. It's a massive work and it demands a massive performance, which it receives here. I love it and recommend it wholeheartedly!0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsA great recording of this monumental workByAlan BeggerowVINE VOICEon May 28, 2014Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseThis is the first recording of the Buffalo Philharmonic that I've heard, and after listening to it a few times it's obvious that it is a world-class orchestra. Maestro Falletta gets some amazing sound from the group, especially in the 2nd movement where in the beginning of the movement the contrabassoon is heard very clearly, to ominous effect.Gliere's Third Symphony is a work I have listened to for over thirty years. Over the years there have been but a relative handful of recordings, and an even smaller number of recordings without drastic cuts to the score.  This performance does not have any discernable cuts that I can detect, so it is in a rarified atmosphere in that regard.Some reviewers have mentioned the quick tempi used by Maestro Falletta. To me, that is not a deterent to enjoying this recording.  It helps to keep my ears 'stretched' to hear different performances of works, for I know I can become too attached to certain recorded performances of a work, and the performance becomes more important than the work itself. There is always something to learn about our favorite works when we listen to different performanceso f them.The sound is great, Maestro Falletta keeps the orchestra focused and the result is a fine performance, one well worth having.Some have called this the definitive performance of this work. This symphony is such a complex, sprawling work that I personally would hesitate calling it or any other recording definitive.  But it is definitely a grand performance, one that will be on my shelf next to The Downes and Faberman recordings.0Comment|
      5 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsIt's sui generis--nothing like it by any other composerByTom R. Aldridgeon December 21, 2014Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseGlière's Symphony No 3 in B minor, (Ilya Muromets), 1909-1911,  is perhaps the least appreciated symphonic masterpiece in the literature.  It's sui generis--nothing like it by any other composer, and especially by Glière himself.  First of all, it's replete with superlatives: epic in length (averages 1 hour and 15 minutes), epic in scope throughout its three long movements and its one short one, epic in mood, cast in a panoply of themes used as leit-motifs that express adventure and heroism.  In portraying the life of a mythical Russian hero, it easily surpasses Strauss's Ein Heldenleben (A Hero's Life) in its broad span and in its serious intent.  It's also epic in orchestration, especially in its use of percussion, and in carrying unison themes with 8 French horns, a la Strauss.Despite its uniqueness, Ilya lacks compositional originality, borrowing heavily from many late Romantic and Post Romantic styles.  One hears Tchaikovsky, Strauss (with all that horn work), Wagner (a symphonic condensation of his Ring opera foursome into a wholly Russian idiom), Scriabin (in his liberal use of the augmented triad), and elements of the Mighty Five, especially Mussorgsky (a symphonic Boris Godunov?).In size, scope, and orchestration, it compares with the Mahler Symphonies, but does not, in any way, sound like Mahler at all.  Its use of dissonant harmony is more constrained, making it more accessible to the lay listener.  Having the flutes  and strings to "chirp" like a monstrous nightingale in the second movement calls for first-class playing, as it overlays some of the most sensuous music ever written.  Though the symphony is virtually never played in concert, it does have a recorded history that is of interest to "Ilyaphiles"--including the brand new one by Joanne Falletta and the Buffalo Phil. on the Naxos label, which I'll eventually get to.  But first I'd like to survey some of Ilya's recording history.I may go back as far or farther than anyone else reviewing this new Ilya.  I first was exposed to snippets of it as background on the Green Hornet program on radio in the late `40s.  In fact, that program contained a wealth of short classical (mostly late Romantic) excerpts which tantalized me--all the more for not knowing their identity.  The program producers used commercial recordings of these excerpts.  The Ilya that they used was Stokowski's first recording of it in the `30s with the Philadelphia via RCA Victor, probably using 78 rpm records.  It was severely cut from its average unabridged length of 70 to 75 minutes to somewhere around 45-50 minutes.  It was available in an LP version (RCA LCT-1106) during the `50s.  Herman Scherchen and the Vienna State Opera Orchestra recorded it for Westminster in the early `50s as the first unabridged version--mono only, of course--a 2 record album including on the final side excerpts from Glière's Red Poppy Ballet.  I consider that performance a near disaster, with burbling horns and a continuing lack of precision, along with a muddy recording in the bass, but tinkly, very bright highs.  Scherchen's tempo variations were unpredictable and ill-thought through.In the `60s we had two more additions to the growing vinyl versions: another Stokowski recording, this time with the Houston Symphony, with even more cuts than his earlier one, bringing its length down to 38 minutes.  Anyone learning the work from this recording will probably dislike any less abridged version, while others learning the unabridged version first will balk at the cuts Stokie made in this one, with the rapturous  "Slovei, the Nightingale" movement cut to less than 10 minutes.  Stokie always adds his "patented" panache to about anything he recorded late in his life, and this was no exception.  On Columbia, Eugene Ormandy and the Phila. Orchestra (ML-5189) got its recording on one disk but included much more of Glière's material--close to 55 minutes worth, or about the length of Tchaikovsky's Manfred Symphony, his most similar work.  Furthermore, Ormandy used well chosen tempi, giving us the most precision of any Ilya up to that point, but with the sound a bit strident.  Much later, Ormandy rerecorded the work for RCA and in stereo (LSC-3246).  The sound was smoother, but the older Maestro made a few additional cuts and relaxed his tempi from his earlier, Columbia effort--to the work's detriment.  In 1975 a Soviet-made recording of  Ilya on the Melodiya label appeared with Nathan Rakhlin conducting the Large Symphony Orchestra of Moscow Radio and Television--on 2 disks, and yet with some cuts--some of those not well placed.  The recording suffered from rather severe dynamic compression for that era.  This blunted the stirring climactic effects rampant throughout the score while rendering the soft passages too loud.In the CD era, the first recording failed to make use of the added space by also requiring two disks: It was Harold Farberman conducting the Royal Phil.  To be sure, it was unabridged, but was taken achingly slowly, occupying 93 minutes--at the tempo Glière was said to have indicated.  But it fails to work at such a plodding pace.  We fail to be compensated in any way for sitting through the work for that length of time.  Then came perhaps the most popular CD recording--on just one disk, that of Edward Downes and the BBC Phil. on the Chandos label.  It's unabridged and lasts for 78 minutes (just about a CD's limit).  It's well conducted, though the sound is not first-rate for CDs as was typical for Chandos from that era.  Having fallen by the wayside, regrettably, is the Pro-Arte CD with Yoav Talmi conducting the San Diego Phil. in a slightly abridged version, requiring 66 minutes.  But since Talmi conducts a fairly fast tempo throughout, we don't lose as much of the music as we might have thought.  Furthermore, Talmi has his orchestra razor sharp in precision, with good balance, and moreover very good, smooth sound--among the better CDs in that respect that I've heard of anything.  He gets though all of the Prince's Feast movement in under 7 minutes.In the late `90s Telarc finally came out with an Ilya, continuing the preponderance of British made recordings with Leon Botstein and the London Symphony, and, as it says, "complete and uncut."  And with a running time of about 72 minutes, it's the fastest unabridged Ilya to that date.  Though it's a good, solid performance, regrettably, we are not hearing that "Telarc" sound, except for the label's often noted deep bass.  The high's are rough and a bit muted, covering some of the work's textures.  For Telarc, this was a disappointment, especially after encountering some of the same problems in the Downes recording--leaving the best sound with the incomplete Talmi, San Diego recording.But now we have the Falletta recording and, as a result, the best of both worlds, and, at 73 minutes unabridged, an appropriate tempo.  Moreover, the Naxos sound is clean and superb with clean highs as well as deep bass; it's at least as good as the Talmi, which is slightly more bass deficient.  Falletta's performance nuances successfully bring out elements we hadn't quite heard in that way, without going interpretively over the deep end, as Stokie had done so blatantly in Houston.  I think this recording may usher a performing renaissance of this unduly neglected work.Tom Aldridge, NUVO Newsweekly of Indianapolis classical music critic0Comment|
      4 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsThe 3rd Symphony is one of his greatest works, and is almost never performed in the ...ByRandall Readeon June 1, 2016Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseFabulous CD.  This is the rarely performed Gliere 3rd Symphony. Gliere was a Russian composer who had a definite late romantic style.  He is rarely known outside his native Russia, but his deserves to be heard more often.The 3rd Symphony is one of his greatest works, and is almost never performed in the US.  Thankfully, we at least have a good quality recording of it by a superb ensemble.0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsGLIERE'S SYMPHONY #3 LIVES AGAINByCritical Masson January 19, 2015Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseGliere's Symphony No. 3 has been a favorite of mine for over 35 years.  I first heard it on an LP and was immediately enthralled by it.Its soaring romanticism (minus the thunder of a Shostakovich whose 1st, 5th, & 9th are among my favorites) contained within it - to my ears - a unified whole that was a most welcome aural experience.  I am not a purist so I will not go into (even if I could) a critique of its compositional details, absolute originality, or relationship to other composers (Russian, contemporary, or otherwise). This is a masterpiece to be listened to and taken on its terms. An earlier version on a CD I own by the Czecho-Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra under the baton of Donald Johanos (on the Marco Polo label) is slightly longer than 75 minutes.  I assumed at the time it was the complete symphony but, from what I've read of other reviews, perhaps not.  In any case, that's irrelevant. The version under review has a clearer crisper sound but, quite surprisingly, the recording itself sounded a bit muted.  I had to turn my Bose player's volume up on a much higher number to get the full impact. I wish that this symphony was played more often despite its length. For those who appreciate Gliere, Russian or Romantic music in general, this Symphony No. 3 is for you.0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsFine Playing Great MusicByIron Blueon April 9, 2016Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseJoanne Faletta is a gem of a conductor and very courageous to take on this monstrously long and difficult symphony. I heard her do it twice. Once in Kleinhans Music Hall, the home of the BPO, and once streamed from Carnegie Hall. Now I can hear it over and over. This is a fine recording sonically and musically.  I think it combines the best of both live performances. The BPO and Falletta are up to the twists and turns that this music requires. It also requires a very large orchestra. Faletta controls these forces well and shapes the music with great attention to detail. I think other reviews and reviewers of this and other performances have told the story behind the music. I love music that stretches an orchestra in complexity and this symphony surely does. I think that the BPO recording shows the chops of an orchestra quite well known in Europe but not well known outside of Buffalo. I hope that people who buy this recording enjoy as much as I have.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsVery Good or even betterByTerrence W. Faulkneron May 18, 2014Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseI have been very fond of this symphony since hearing the truncated 1940 recording by Stokowski and the Philadelphia Orchestra. I believe that I have heard all of the commercially recorded versions as well as several off the air recordings of live performances including three subsequent Stokowski performances (less impassioned than his 1940 effort).  The Falleta recording is very close to being as good as that 1940 version but has the additional advantage of being complete and, of course, it has excellent modern sound. So, I regard it as the best of all.0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsVery good recording quality and excellent to outstanding performanceByJohn E. Klintzon August 10, 2015Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseVery good recording quality and excellent to outstanding performance.  The CD sound significantly better after my "tweaks," which included polishing, adding Optrix, and the CD Green Pen.  (Yes, I'm a "tweak," but I like inexpensive ones that make a noticeable difference.)0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsBylowellon July 19, 2015Format: Audio CD|Verified PurchaseThe best recording -- period!0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsByMichael E. Leeon March 4, 2015Format: Audio CD|Verified Purchasevery good0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.←Previous12Next→

Customers also viewed these itemsGlière: Symphony No. 3 'Ilya Muromets', Cello ConcertobyReinhold Glière$10.994.6 out of 5 stars4Glière: Symphony No. 3byReinhold Glière$17.994.8 out of 5 stars12Gliere: Orchestral CollectionbyPeter Dixon5.0 out of 5 stars7Glière: Symphony No. 3 'Il'ya Muromets'byReinhold Glière$9.494.4 out of 5 stars9Need customer service? Click here‹ See all details for Gliere: Symphony No. 3 'Il'ya Muromets'



Sponsored Links  
  (What's this?) 
  
















Ad feedback



















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started







































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Medical Insoles & Shoe Inserts | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordMedical Insoles & Shoe Inserts└ Orthopedic Products & Supports└ Medical, Mobility & Disability Equipment└ Health & BeautyAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineMedical Insoles & Shoe InsertsShop by BrandShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by BrandGo to previous slide - Shop by BrandPowerstepAetrexPROFOOTDr. Scholl'sGo to next slide - Shop by BrandShop by TypeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by TypeGo to previous slide - Shop by TypeOrthotic InsoleArch SupportComfort InsoleGo to next slide - Shop by TypeSave on Medical Insoles & Shoe InsertsTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on Medical Insoles & Shoe InsertsGo to previous slide - Save on Medical Insoles & Shoe InsertsDr Scholls Massaging Gel Work Insoles MEN Size 8-13 Reduce Muscle Fatigue Feet$12.40Trending at $12.74100% Authentic Dr Scholls CF410 Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts Shoe Insoles $43.99Trending at $57.00Dr. Scholl's Active Series Replacement Insoles / Men's Size 7.5 - 10 $18.95Trending at $19.99Dr.Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 210 Foot Mapping Technology One Pair$23.99Trending at $40.99Dr Scholls Active Series Replacement Insoles Mens Size 10.5 - 13 $18.95Trending at $19.46Dr. Scholls PRO Pain Relief Orthotics for Arch, Women's Size 6-10, One Pair $7.49Trending at $7.99Powerstep Orginal Orthotics Full Length Orthopedic Foot Shoe Insoles Support$27.85Trending at $29.65Dr. Scholl's Air-Pillo Insoles Unisex 1 Pair$6.25Trending at $8.49Go to next slide - Save on Medical Insoles & Shoe InsertsBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 410(65)4.6 out of 5 starsTrending Price$37.99 New$28.99 UsedDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Cf210 Orthotic Inserts 1 PR(10)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$19.98 NewDr Scholls Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 110 With Foot Mapping Technology As7(16)4.5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$25.95 New$22.65 Used"Dr Scholl's Arch Pain Relief Orthotic Womens Sizes 6 - 10"(12)4.8 out of 5 starsTrending Price$7.99 NewPowerstep Unisex Pinnacle Maxx Insole Mens 11-11.5/ Womens 13-13.5 M US(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$35.04 NewPowerstep Original Full Length Blue Orthotic Arch Support Insoles H Men 11-11.5(2)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$29.65 NewPowerstep Pinnacle Premium Orthotic Shoe Insoles Flexible Cushioning for Alleviating Foot Pain(4)5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$29.99 NewPowerstep Original Full Length Orthotic Shoe Insoles Size Men 12-13 I/j(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$29.65 NewGo to next slide - Best SellingAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowSort:Best MatchBest MatchLowest Price + ShippingHighest Price + ShippingEnding SoonNewly ListedNearest FirstView:Gallery View1-25 of 15,164 ResultsDue North Foot Rubz Massage Ball Tension ReliefDue North Foot Rubz Massage Ball. The Due North Foot Rubz Massage Ball stimulates acupressure points in your feet, hands and body, helping to relieve soreness and pain. You control the depth of massage with applied pressure to ensure the utmost relief of muscle soreness.5 out of 5 stars11 product ratings$6.54Free shipping123 soldSee more like thisDr.Scholls PRO Heel Pain Relief Orthotics, MEN- 1 PairDesigned for people who suffer from heel pain, including pain from plantar fasciitis and heel spurs. Reduces impact with every step. Cupping design supports the heel's natural padding. Clinically proven.$14.95Top Rated Plus

































































































FAST 'N FREEBrand: Dr. Scholl's120 soldProFoot Miracle Custom Molding Insoles Men's Sizes 8-13 1 PairManufacturer Profoot. The 2oz. Miracle insole brings customized comfort and support in minutes. How it works: Specifically designed for problem feet the 2 oz. Miracle features a unique 2-layer orthotic design to mold exactly to the shape of your feet and ease pain.4.5 out of 5 stars20 product ratings$6.34Brand: PROFOOTFree shipping716 soldSee more like thisRedi-Thotics Flex Orthotic Insoles - Size F• Plasti-Flex shell supports and stabilizes arch area, holds foot in natural alignment. Some things to keep in mind Privacy Policy. • Cushioning foam bottom layer for continuous comfort.$46.95FAST 'N FREESee more like thisDr. Scholls Double Air-Pillo Insoles For Men & Women - 1 PairFREE SHIPPING - TOP RATED - LOWEST PRICE ON EBAY!4.5 out of 5 stars21 product ratings$6.99Top Rated PlusFAST 'N FREEBrand: Dr. Scholl's158 soldSee more like this100% Authentic Dr Scholls CF410 Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts Shoe Insoles FAST SHIPPING AND FULL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!!4.5 out of 5 stars65 product ratings$43.99Brand: Dr. Scholl'sFree shippingSee more like thisSet of 3 pair of Dr. Scholl's Air pillow in soles.  Set of 3 pairs of Dr. Scholl's insoles. The Dr. Scholl’s pair Double Air Pillo are cushion insoles to treat your feet. Get custom comfort with memory foam that molds to the unique shape of your foot.4.5 out of 5 stars21 product ratings$6.00Brand: Dr. Scholl'sor Best OfferSee more like thisProFoot Miracle Molding Insoles Women's Sizes 6-10 1 PairManufacturer Profoot. The 2oz. Miracle insole brings customized comfort and support in minutes. How it works: Specifically designed for problem feet the 2 oz. Miracle features a unique 2-layer orthotic design to mold exactly to the shape of your feet and ease pain.5 out of 5 stars22 product ratings$5.88Brand: PROFOOTWas: Previous Price$7.99Free shipping437 soldSee more like thisDr. Scholl's Air-Pillo Insoles Unisex 1 Pair1 Pair. abc: 10173829. Cooling vents help keep feet dry.4.5 out of 5 stars21 product ratings$6.25Top Rated PlusFree shippingBrand: Dr. Scholl'sSee more like thisAce Therapeutic Arch Support Moderate - 1 prHelps relieve foot, arch and heel pain associated with plantar fasciitis. Designed for daytime use. Odor resistant. Soft, breathable and durable materials. Adjustable.$14.59Brand: ACETrending at $15.82eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.Free shippingSee more like thisOrthotics for Flat Feet by Samurai Insoles- Fight Back Against Plantar FascitisPODIATRIST DESIGNED. Samurai Insoles were designed by a podiatrist for his patients. They were such a hit, we couldn't keep them a secret! Samurai Insoles are assembled in a state-of-the-art orthotic laboratory, right here in the USA.$29.95Ending Today at 1:58PM PDT27m 46sor Best OfferFAST 'N FREEBuy 1, get 1 20% offSee more like thisPedag Viva Mini Full Length Insoles Black Increases Endurance Decreases Fatigue$17.71Brand: PedagFree shippingSee more like thisPowerstep Protech Control - Full Length Orthotic Insole Shoe Inserts - All Sizes$39.49 to $49.95Brand: PowerstepFAST 'N FREE12 watchingPedag Holiday 3/4 Insoles Tan Thin Light Orthotic Semi-rigid Heat Arch Support$17.71Brand: PedagFree shippingSee more like thisPowerstep Pinnacle Full Length Shoe Insole Orthotics, Blue/Blue, All SIZES$29.99Brand: PowerstepFAST 'N FREEPowerstep Protech Pro Full Length New in the Box$34.99Brand: PowerstepFree shipping71 soldDR. SCHOLLS DREAM WALK SOLE EXPRESSIONS HEEL LINER   3 PAIRS3 PAIR.4 out of 5 stars5 product ratings$6.89Top Rated PlusFAST 'N FREEBrand: Dr. Scholl'sSee more like thisDr Scholl's P.R.O. For Lower Back Women Size 6-10 One Pair UPC 40489Reduces impact with every step.$9.50Top Rated PlusTrending at $9.94eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.Brand: Dr. Scholl'sFAST 'N FREEOnly 1 left!See more like thisDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts Insoles - 1 Pair Brand New authentic 4.5 out of 5 stars16 product ratings$20.99 to $59.95Brand: Dr. Scholl's5 watchingSee more like thisRedi-Thotics Max Orthotic Insoles - Size DSome things to keep in mind Privacy Policy. • Supreva foam base layer for durable, long-lasting support.$44.99FAST 'N FREE(AG) Dr. Scholls Double Air-Pillo Insoles For Men & Women - 1 Pair(AG) Dr. Scholls Double Air-Pillo Insoles For Men & Women - 1 Pair4.5 out of 5 stars21 product ratings$7.00Top Rated PlusFree shippingBrand: Dr. Scholl'sor Best OfferSee more like thisPowerstep Protech Full Length Orthotic Insole Shoe Inserts - All Sizes$39.49 to $49.95Brand: PowerstepFAST 'N FREE29 soldSee more like thisBarefoot Science Existing 7 Step Therapeutic for Weak Foot Muscles & Lazy Arches$79.95 to $84.95Free shipping3 watchingSee more like thisNew ListingSpenco PolySorb Total Support Replacement Insoles #2 (W 7-8 M 6-7) *NIB*New in box Spenco PolySorb Total Support Replacement Insoles #2 (W 7-8 M 6-7).$19.95Top Rated PlusFAST 'N FREEBrand: SpencoSee more like thisPowerstep Pinnacle Maxx Full Length Orthopedic Foot Insoles Support All SizesIn Stock, Brand New, Fast Ship5 out of 5 stars1 product rating$36.85Brand: PowerstepFAST 'N FREEBuy 1, get 1 15% offSee more like thisTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top RatedDr. Scholls Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 330 -(23)4.8 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$33.50 NewDr Scholl's Back Pain Relief Orthotics Men 8-13 Insoles Shock Guard 2pairs(17)4.9 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$12.95 New"Dr Scholl's Arch Pain Relief Orthotic Womens Sizes 6 - 10"(12)4.8 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$7.99 NewDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Cf210 Orthotic Inserts 1 PR(10)5 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$19.98 NewDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 410(65)4.6 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$37.99 New$28.99 UsedDr. Scholl's Double Air-pillo Insoles 1 Pair Packet Unisex(21)4.7 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$5.98 NewDr Scholls Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 110 With Foot Mapping Technology As7(16)4.5 out of 5 stars84% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$25.95 New$22.65 UsedDr Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Shoe Inserts CF 120 Arch Support LOOK(13)4.5 out of 5 stars85% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$29.95 NewGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This WeekFour Layers Adjustable Height Increase Insole Heel Lifts Gain Altitude Shoe Pad$9.00Almost gone1Pair Arch Support Orthopedic Insole Flatfoot Correction Shoe Insoles Cushion$1.0610 leftPowerstep Protech Pro Full Length New in the Box$34.9968 soldPowerstep Protech Control - Full Length Orthotic Insole Shoe Insert$36.9519 soldPowerstep Pinnacle Full Length Shoe Insole Orthotics, Blue/Blue, All SIZES$29.9917 soldFeet Care Insoles Foot Triple-Toes Straightener Hammer Toe Protector 1 Pair$1.9315 soldPowerstep Protech Pro Full Length Orthotic Foot Insoles New in Box$36.9514 soldDr. Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts Insoles - 1 Pair Brand New authentic $20.9913 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekSponsored ListingsShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Sponsored ListingsGo to previous slide - Sponsored ListingsDr. Scholl s P.R.O. Pain Relief Orthotics for Sore Soles Men s, Size 8 13 $65.822pk Dr Scholl's Pain Relief Orthotics for Arthritis Men's Size 8-12, 1 Pair$30.11Dr. Scholl’s Comfort and Energy Ultra Thin Insoles for Men, 1 Pair, Size 8-13 -$22.62Summer Soles Softness of Suede Stay-Dry Women's Full Length Insoles$24.562pk Dr Scholl's Athletic Series Running Insoles Men's Size 7.5-10, 1 Pair$51.612pk Dr. Scholl's Pain Relief For Plantar Fasciitis Insoles for Women Size 6-10$40.52Dr. Scholl's Massaging Gel Extra Support Insoles (Men's Size 8 to 1...$18.84Go to next slide - Sponsored ListingsGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeOrthotics, Braces & Orthopedic SleevesOther Orthopedic ProductsOrthopedic Seat & Posture CushionsMedical Compression GarmentsOrthopedic Wedges & Bed PositionersGo to next slide - You May Also LikeTell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryOrthopedic Products & SupportsMedical Insoles & Shoe InsertsOrthotics, Braces & Orthopedic SleevesMedical Compression GarmentsOrthopedic Seat & Posture CushionsOrthopedic Wedges & Bed PositionersOther Orthopedic ProductsBrandsee allDr. Scholl'sPedagPowerstepSpencoUnbrandedTypesee allArch SupportComfort InsoleHeel Cup & CushionOrthotic InsoleNot SpecifiedMaterialsee allFleeceGelLeatherSheepskinNot SpecifiedConditionsee allNewUsedNot SpecifiedPricePlease provide a valid price range$-$Buying Formatsee allAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowItem Locationsee allDefaultWithindistance2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles20 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 milesofGoUS OnlyNorth AmericaWorldwideDelivery Optionssee allFree ShippingFree In-store PickupShow onlysee allReturns AcceptedCompleted ItemsSold ItemsDeals & SavingsMore refinements...


Orthopedic Products & Supports | eBay
 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordOrthopedic Products & Supports└ Medical, Mobility & Disability Equipment└ Health & BeautyAll CategoriesAntiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   There seems to be a problem serving the request at this timeSkip to page navigationRefineOrthopedic Products & SupportsShop by CategoryShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by CategoryGo to previous slide - Shop by CategoryOrthotics, Braces & SleevesOther Orthopedic ProductsInsoles & Shoe InsertsSeat & Posture CushionsCompression GarmentsWedges & Bed PositionersGo to next slide - Shop by CategoryShop by BrandShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Shop by BrandGo to previous slide - Shop by BrandUnbrandedDonJoyMüllerOtto BockJOBSTMcDavidPowerstepBregAircastDr. Scholl'sSee AllGo to next slide - Shop by BrandSave on Orthopedic Products & SupportsTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Save on Orthopedic Products & SupportsGo to previous slide - Save on Orthopedic Products & SupportsNEOPRENE DELUXE BELT DOUBLE PULL Lumbar Lower Back Support Brace - Size S-6XL$12.65Trending at $24.992 pcs Copper Fit LARGE Knee Compression Sleeve - As Seen on TV $10.99Trending at $19.37Coccyx Orthopedic Gel Enhanced Comfort Cushion  Memory Foam Chair Seat Car Trave$19.99Trending at $20.35Orthopedic Memory Foam Cushion Coccyx Tailbone Comfort Car Travel Seat Chair$18.49Trending at $21.99100% Authentic Dr Scholls CF410 Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts Shoe Insoles $43.99Trending at $57.00Incrediwear Knee Brace$28.75Trending at $29.59Dr.Scholl's Custom Fit Orthotic Inserts CF 210 Foot Mapping Technology One Pair$23.99Trending at $40.99BEACTIVE PRESSURE POINT BRACE FOR BACK PAIN AS SEEN ON TV - BE ACTIVE$3.99Trending at $6.99Go to next slide - Save on Orthopedic Products & SupportsBest SellingTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Best SellingGo to previous slide - Best SellingLumbar Lower Back Support Brace Deluxe Neoprene Double Pull Exercise Belt 2xl(4)4.5 out of 5 starsTrending Price$11.45 NewCopper Fit Pro Series Performance Compression Knee Sleeve Black Large(19)3.6 out of 5 starsTrending Price$9.94 New"Dr Scholl's Arch Pain Relief Orthotic Womens Sizes 6 - 10"(12)4.8 out of 5 starsTrending Price$7.99 NewDr. Scholl's Double Air-pillo Insoles 1 Pair Packet Unisex(21)4.7 out of 5 starsTrending Price$5.98 NewSupport Belt Back Waist Brace Lift Heavy WEIGHTsize From S to 6xl Small(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$9.93 NewKnee Support Brace Copper United Compression Sleeve Tommie Arthritis M L XL XXL S(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$13.50 New4 Womens Dr Scholls Pro Lower Back Pain Relief Orthotics Shockguard Insoles 6-10(0)0 out of 5 starsTrending Price$9.96 NewGo to next slide - Best SellingAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowSort:Best MatchBest MatchLowest Price + ShippingHighest Price + ShippingEnding SoonNewly ListedNearest FirstView:Gallery View1-25 of 394,013 ResultsNEOPRENE DELUXE BELT DOUBLE PULL Lumbar Lower Back Support Brace - Size S-6XL4.5 out of 5 stars4 product ratings$9.30 to $16.95Top Rated Plus

































































































FAST 'N FREE252 soldSee more like thisPosture Corrector Support Magnetic Back Shoulder Brace Belt Adjustable Men WomenRelieves Back Aches* FREE Shipping* 12 Magnets* 3 Sizes$12.99Top Rated PlusFree shipping1,831 soldSee more like thisAdjustable Shoulder Back Posture Corrector Chest Brace Support Belt Vest Therapy$4.99Top Rated PlusFree shipping44 soldPosture Corrector Clavicle Support Back Shoulder Brace By GOCAREPROBut you need external help, it is not as simple as just standing up straighter. It wrap around your shoulders, pull your stomach in and bringing your shoulders back. Foam padded shoulder straps. Fully padded for maximum comfort.3.5 out of 5 stars4 product ratings$10.25Top Rated PlusFree shipping380 soldSee more like this2 Elastic Elbow Brace Support Sleeve Sports Medicine Compression Tennis GuardRapid Care Elastic Elbow Support provides firm support and maintains a full range of movement for stiff, weak, or sore elbows. 2 Elastic Elbow Support. Untitled Document. If we find the item is defective, we will attempt to repair or replace the item.4.5 out of 5 stars21 product ratings$5.49Free shipping1,236 soldSee more like thisCopper Fit Pro Series Performance Compression Knee Sleeve Brace L / XL 3.5 out of 5 stars19 product ratings$9.95Top Rated Plus559 soldBrand: Copper FitSee more like thisCushion Gel Support Pillow Orthopedic Back Pain Relief Sciatica for Foam SeatFrequent repetitive movements lead to tension and pain in the spine (repetitive motion injury). You’ll find quick relief for your discomfort in the orthopedic seat cushion by Bonmedico®: The Bonmedico® Orthopedic seat cushion is especially developed for the relief of symptoms caused by coccyx / tailbone injuries, sciatica, bedsores, and frequent sitting.3.5 out of 5 stars4 product ratings$16.68Top Rated PlusFAST 'N FREEFree fast shipping on $5+See more like this(4 Pairs) Compression Socks Stockings Graduated Support Men's Women's (S-XXL)6 Colors!    Free Shipping!    Brand New XXL Size!$7.28 to $12.98Top Rated PlusFree shipping403 sold2 Elastic Patella Knee Support Brace Sleeve Support Soft Wrap Sports Protector !Rapid Care Elastic Knee Support provides firm support and maintains a full range of movement for stiff, weak, or sore knees. Untitled Document. If we find the item is defective, we will attempt to repair or replace the item.5 out of 5 stars1 product rating$8.99Free shipping92 soldSee more like thisCopper Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Support Men's Women's 4 Pairs S-XXL1 Order = 4 Pairs!!! High Quality!! Brand New XXL Size!$10.95 to $18.95Top Rated PlusFree shipping461 soldAdjustable Posture Support Clavicle Corrector Back Pain Brace Shoulder$19.99Trending at $26.65eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.Free shippingSee more like thisCopper Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Support Men's Women's S-XXL 3 Pairs1 Order = 3 Pairs!!! High Quality!! Brand New XXL Size!$5.49 to $11.95Top Rated PlusFree shipping1,474 soldMen / Women Adjustable Posture Corrector Back Support Shoulder Back Brace BeltWaist Trimmer Back Straightener Pain Relief Strap Brace$13.69 to $13.99Top Rated PlusFree shipping132 soldMueller Sports Elastic Compression Open Patella Knee Stabilizer Brace L XLMade By Mueller. This light-weight stabilizer provides support for stiff, weak or sore knees. Stainless steel springs offer medial and lateral support. The Elastic Compression material is breathable and comfortable for all-day wear to help reduce swelling without limiting mobility.4.5 out of 5 stars20 product ratings$12.42Top Rated PlusWas: Previous Price$14.95Brand: MüllerFree shipping93 soldSee more like thisUnisex Adjustable Posture Back Support Corrector Brace Shoulder Band Belt$19.99302 soldSee more like thisPlantar Fasciitis Splint Foot Heel Pain RELIEF day night brace AdjustablePlatinum Seller * Member Since 2000 * Fast Shipping3.5 out of 5 stars19 product ratings$7.58Top Rated PlusFree shipping5,140 soldSee more like thisLumbar Cushion Back Support Travel Pillow Memory Foam Car Seat Home Office ChairBack Support Lumbar Cushion Pillow. Relaxing Comfy Foam Padding Lumbar Cushion. Machine Washable Polyester Cloth Cover. Features Rear Elastic Strap to Keep in Place. Designed for all seating types - Car Seats, Office Chairs, Home & Work!$10.90Top Rated PlusWas: Previous Price$19.99Free shipping2,192 sold2 ANKLE Support Wrap Elastic Brace Sleeve Muscle Arthritis Pain Relief Gym NEWFree Shipping* USA Seller*4.5 out of 5 stars13 product ratings$3.89Top Rated PlusFree shipping1,188 soldSee more like thisNeoprene Brace Dislocation Pain Arthritis Shoulder Support Strap Wrap BeltLeft/Right For your Choice,US Shiping with Tracking No!$8.79Top Rated PlusFree shipping1,008 soldUS Posture Corrector Support Magnetic Back Shoulder Brace Belt For Men Women SFC$9.67 to $15.99Top Rated PlusFree shipping25 soldCompression Socks Sports Men Women Calf Shin Leg Running Fitness CrossFit S~XXL5 Colors n 3 Sizes! Free Shipping!  Brand New XXL Size!$5.49 to $9.25Top Rated PlusFree shipping155 soldAdjustable Shoulder Support Brace Strap Joint Sport Gym Compression Bandage Wrap$6.67736 soldNeoprene DLX Belt  Dbl Pull Lumbar Lower Back Support Brace Pain Relief (S-4XL)Top Seller - Over 2.300 sold.  7 Available Sizes$8.95 to $14.25Top Rated PlusFAST 'N FREE176 soldAdjustable Double Pull Lumbar Support Lower Waist Back Belt Brace Pain Relief AM$11.68Top Rated PlusWas: Previous Price$12.98Free shipping158 soldGym Sports Knee Patella Arthritis Support Brace Guard Stabilizer Strap Wrap$5.99 to $6.99Top Rated PlusFree shipping93 soldLimited Time DealsFree Shipping IncludedShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Limited Time DealsGo to previous slide - Limited Time DealsCopper Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Support Men's Women's S-XXL 3 Pairs$11.95(4 Pairs) Compression Socks Stockings Graduated Support Men's Women's (S-XXL)$12.98PharMeDoc Orthopedic Coccyx Seat Cushion - Foam Tailbone Pillow for Pain Relief$15.98$39.95 | 60% OFFCopper Infused Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Men's Women's 3 Pairs S-XXL$11.98NEW OSSUR  Exoform Carpal Tunnel Arthritis Tendonitis Wrist Brace 3D New !!!$12.49Patella Elastic Knee Brace Fastener Support Guard Gym Sports Kneecap Stabilizer$10.99$15.99 | 31% OFFCompression Socks Support Stockings Graduated Men's Women's 3 Pairs (S-XXL)$9.94Soft Stretch Sock Night Splint for Plantar Fasciitis Heel Spurs Tendonitis$9.49Go to next slide - Limited Time DealsTop RatedTrending price is based on prices over last 90 days.Showing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Top RatedGo to previous slide - Top Rated"Dr Scholl's Arch Pain Relief Orthotic Womens Sizes 6 - 10"(12)4.8 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$7.99 NewDr. Scholl's Double Air-pillo Insoles 1 Pair Packet Unisex(21)4.7 out of 5 stars100% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$5.98 NewCopper Fit Pro Series Performance Compression Knee Sleeve Black Large(19)3.6 out of 5 stars42% agree - Would recommendTrending Price$9.94 NewGo to next slide - Top RatedHot This WeekShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - Hot This WeekGo to previous slide - Hot This Week(4 Pairs) Compression Socks Stockings Graduated Support Men's Women's (S-XXL)$7.28179 soldCopper Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Support Men's Women's S-XXL 3 Pairs$5.4995 soldCopper Compression Socks 20-30mmHg Graduated Support Men's Women's 4 Pairs S-XXL$10.9587 soldNEOPRENE DELUXE BELT DOUBLE PULL Lumbar Lower Back Support Brace - Size S-6XL$9.3080 soldCompression Plantar Fasciitis Relief Foot Fatigue Heel Pain Support Ankle Socks$1.6970 soldPowerstep Protech Pro Full Length New in the Box$34.9968 soldRelief Support Socks Compression Stockings 30-40 mmhg Knee Leg Socks Relief Pain$1.5468 soldZip-Up Compression Zipper Leg Support Knee High Stocking Varicose socks Open Toe$2.6859 soldGo to next slide - Hot This WeekGot one to sell?Get it in front of 160+ million buyers.You May Also LikeShowing slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES} - You May Also LikeGo to previous slide - You May Also LikeMedical Monitoring & Testing EquipmentMobility/Walking EquipmentDaily Living AidsMobility Furniture & FixturesOther Medical, Mobility & Disability EquipmentGo to next slide - You May Also LikeTell us what you think - opens in new window or tabSide Refine PanelShop by CategoryMedical, Mobility & Disability EquipmentOrthopedic Products & SupportsOrthotics, Braces & Orthopedic SleevesMedical Compression GarmentsMedical Insoles & Shoe InsertsOrthopedic Seat & Posture CushionsOrthopedic Wedges & Bed PositionersOther Orthopedic ProductsBrandsee allJOBSTJuzoUnbrandedConditionsee allNewUsedNot SpecifiedPricePlease provide a valid price range$-$Buying Formatsee allAll ListingsAuctionBuy It NowItem Locationsee allDefaultWithindistance2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles20 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 milesofGoUS OnlyNorth AmericaWorldwideDelivery Optionssee allFree ShippingFree In-store PickupShow onlysee allReturns AcceptedCompleted ItemsSold ItemsDeals & SavingsMore refinements...





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




Wood Siding & Trim | Lap Siding Panels | LP SmartSide



























































Home
Careers
Where to Buy
Investor Relations
Contact Us









Menu






MAIN MENU

Products


View All Products


Framing


View All Framing Products

LP SolidStart LSL
LP SolidStart LVL
LP SolidStart I-Joists
LP SolidStart Rim Board
LP SolidGuard LSL



Panels


View All Panels Products

LP TechShield Radiant Barrier Sheathing
LP FlameBlock Fire-Rated OSB Sheathing
LP LongLength and LongLength XL OSB Sheathing
LP OSB Sheathing
LP TopNotch Sub-Flooring
LP Legacy Sub-Flooring



Siding


View All Siding Products

LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP CanExel Prefinished Siding
LP ArmorStrand Substrate



Other Applications


View All Other Applications Products

LP Outdoor Building Solutions
LP SuperStruct Furniture Panels
LP PurposeBuilt Overlays



Design Software


View All Design Software Products

LP Solutions Software
LP SolidStart Design Software
LP SolidStart Wood-E Design Software





Resources

Resources Page
Product Literature
Case Studies
LP University
CAD Details
Trade Shows
Industry Sites
Customer Center
Architect's Corner



Community

Community Page
EW Industry Blog
EW Magazine

Newsroom

Newsroom Page
Press Releases
Media Kit
Infographics



Share Your Story
Community Engagement



Sustainability

Sustainability Page
Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Sustainable Forestry
Economic Responsibility
Sustainability News



About LP

About LP Page
Values & Vision
LP Innovation
Executive Bios
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Locations
Contact Us


Where To Buy
Contact Us

















LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP® SmartSide® Trim & Siding offers the warmth and beauty of traditional wood with the durability of LP engineered wood. It’s a complete line of high-performance trim and siding products to complement almost any building style. All LP SmartSide products feature our innovative, four component SmartGuard® manufacturing process for strength and to resist fungal decay and termites.
Learn More at LPSmartSide.com




Interested in purchasing LP SmartSide Trim & Siding?
 Find out where to buy





Trim & Fascia



Cedar Shakes



Lap



Soffit



Panel





Trim & Fascia


LP® SmartSide® Trim & Fascia are the perfect accent to any substrate. Uniform in density and consistency, they’re made with our proprietary SmartGuard® manufacturing process to protect against fungal decay and termites, and are backed by a 5/50-Year Limited Warranty.
Product Literature for LP SmartSide Trim & Fascia



Cedar Shakes


One of our best-selling products in the distinctive Architectural Collection, LP® SmartSide® Cedar Shakes can be used on the entire home or as a decorative accent to achieve the authentic look of cedar shakes. LP SmartSide Cedar Shakes are made with our proprietary SmartGuard® manufacturing process to protect against fungal decay and termites, and are backed by a 5/50-Year Limited Warranty.
Product Literature for LP SmartSide Cedar Shakes



Lap


LP® SmartSide® Lap siding is available in longer, 16-foot lengths for fewer seams and quicker installation. A good alternative to natural wood and fiber cement siding, LP SmartSide Lap is made with our proprietary SmartGuard® manufacturing process to protect against fungal decay and termites, and back by a 5/50-Year Limited Warranty.
Product Literature for LP SmartSide Lap



Soffit


LP® SmartSide® Soffit is available in a variety of unique styles and profiles for the perfect alternative to MDO and plywood soffits. LP SmartSide Soffit is made with our proprietary SmartGuard® manufacturing process to protect against fungal decay and termites, and is backed by a 5/50-Year Limited Warranty.
Product Literature for LP SmartSide Soffit



Panel


LP® SmartSide® Panel siding is used like wood but performs with the strength of engineered siding. Available in three product categories, it features a shiplap edge and is made using our proprietary SmartGuard® manufacturing process to protect against fungal decay and termites, and is backed by a 5/50-Year Limited Warranty.
Visit LPSmartSide.com to Learn More








Product Literature
View all literature for LP SmartSide Trim & Siding.




Case Studies
LP products make jobs a success. Learn more from real case studies using LP SmartSide Trim & Siding.




LP University
Learn more about LP SmartSide Trim & Siding with LP’s continuing education course.






LP Products


Framing


Panels


Siding

LP SmartSide Trim & Siding
LP CanExel Prefinished Siding
LP ArmorStrand Substrate



Other Applications


Design Software




Latest Product News

Texas Builder and Code Official Discover Code Compliancy and Ease of Installation With LP® FlameBlock® Assembly for Area Separation Walls
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (June 21, 2017)–LP Building Products, the leader in high-performance building solutions recently added a n...


LP Now Warrants Its Engineered Wood Siding For Hail Damage
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (May 11, 2017) - Builders and remodelers use LP® SmartSide® treated engineered wood sidi...

Read More News
















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







