    James Fleming | Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

























Writers, James Bond, and the Perils of Product Placement | HuffPost

























































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close


















BOOKS



04/19/2012 08:55 am ET
|

Updated
Apr 19, 2012



Writers, James Bond, and the Perils of Product Placement








































By David Gaughran For Indiereader.com
It’s one of the most recognizable quotes in the history of cinema: “Shaken, but not stirred.” The phrase perfectly encapsulated the nature of James Bond, and has since become synonymous with the suave British spy.
Its first appearance was in Ian Fleming’s fourth Bond novel, Diamonds Are Forever, although Bond himself didn’t utter the words until the sixth outing, Dr. No – half-way through the much-loved series.
The movie franchise did a lot more to immortalize the phrase, and it appeared from the very first installment, Dr. No, and in virtually every Bond movie since (with some notable exceptions).
It’s symbolic of James Bond’s quintessential characteristics – sophistication – which explains why fans have reacted so angrily to reports that he will be trading his martini for a Heineken in the upcoming Skyfall. This isn’t the first time that Bond’s traditions have been tampered with; his usual Aston Martin was swapped for a BMW in Goldeneye (presumably for a large check), which caused a similar backlash.
Critics argue that throughout the Fleming novels, numerous novelizations by other authors, and twenty-two movies (to date) that have featured the spy, there are only a few remaining signifiers that make Bond who he is: his code number (007), his looks and taste for amorous adventures, and his sophistication and sense of style – of which the martini, with its explicit instructions for preparation, is a key part.
I’m sure the anger is compounded by the replacement beverage being something as unsophisticated as beer, and something as universal and generic as Heineken. And I’m also confident that nobody is surprised to hear the release of the movie will be accompanied by a worldwide advertising campaign from Heineken, featuring Bond swilling their lager.
Aside from the much-derided (temporary) switch to BMW, this is hardly the first instance of product or brand placement in Bond movies. Since the very first installment in 1962, Bond movies have featured British Airways, PanAm, Perrier, Finlandia Vodka, Smirnoff, Ford, Omega, Mattel, Calvin Klein, Virgin Atlantic, Revlon, Samsonite, Sony Ericcson, Kodak, and many more.
I’m sure Ian Fleming’s literary estate would defend the practice as monetizing something that was native to Fleming’s writing anyway (he often mentioned brands like Cartier and received no compensation). However, fans would be justified in arguing that mentions of products have become increasingly shameless (with a scene in Casino Royale namedropping Omega attracting particular scorn).
Product placement in movies and television has become so ubiquitous that it has led to widespread parody, faux product placement (the invention of fictional products/brands such as Kwik-E-Mart in The Simpsons), reverse placement (the rebranding of real-life 7/11 stores as Kwik-E-Marts in 2007), and product displacement (where Mercedez-Benz asked the makers of Slumdog Millionaire to remove their iconic logo from scenes featuring their cars in slum settings).
Such product placement isn’t as common in books, but it has a long history. When Jules Verne began serializing Around the Wold in Eighty Days in 1872, transport and shipping companies lobbied to be mentioned (it should be noted that Verne claimed the novel was inspired by a Thomas Cook advertisement in a Parisian newspaper).
However, without a doubt the most shameless literary product placement was in a pulpy detective novel from 1962 called Never Kill A Client by Brett Halliday. The book was part of a long-running (and hugely popular) series featuring private detective Mike Shayne.
In one early scene in Never Kill A Client, Shayne is on the scent of a case and boards a flight to Los Angeles, taking a seat next to a passenger reading another of Brett Halliday’s books. The narrator goes on to say:
“It wasn’t a rare occurrence for Shayne to see some complete stranger reading one of Halliday’s books. With thirty million copies of them sold in soft cover editions, it would have been queerer if you didn’t run into them now and then. And Shayne also knew that She Woke to Darkness had recently been reissued in a new cover and there were probably several hundred thousand copies of it in the hands of readers throughout the country.”
The conversation between Shayne and the passenger about Halliday’s oeuvre continues for another two pages. Such an aside is probably made easier by the fact that Brett Halliday was a pen-name.
The writer, Davis Dresser, was an interesting character who wore an eye-patch since a childhood accident with barbed wire. Aside from a voluminous writing output, he was also a founding member of the Mystery Writers of America, of which his wife, fellow author Helen McCloy, later became the first female president.
There is no doubt that Dresser’s tongue is firmly planted in his cheek in the above, as fun is poked at several of his novels. However, it quite clearly shows the possibilities for advertisers to shoehorn their way into fictional narratives.
The advent of e-books makes such marketing tie-ins a lot more attractive to brands. As any author who has been interviewed for a newspaper will know, a clickable link can make all the difference between a bump in sales and no effect whatsoever.
Publishers (and self-publishers) have been circling the idea of advertising in e-books for some time. Straight advertising can be intrusive and can also provoke a negative reaction (even if advertising in books is nothing new and has long been common in things like travel guides). Product placement is (usually) more subtle, and allows marketers to tap into the emotional connection that people have with the writer’s characters.
The attraction of the idea is obvious. It’s an additional revenue stream, and potentially a very lucrative one. While product placement in novels is unlikely to attract the kind of prices we are seeing in movies (Skyfall is aiming to bring in over $40m in product placement fees), there is no doubt that the biggest selling books could command considerable prices.
For self-publishers, the attraction lies in monetizing free or cheap content. After all, a book could be permanently free if it was subsidized sufficiently by advertising or product placement fees.
However, as the James Bond outcry shows, there are clear dangers here. It seems there is a small step between getting paid for something you are doing anyway (mentioning how much a character loves their Converse), and radically altering the characteristics of your hero, or your plot, to suit a corporate agenda.
David Gaughran is the author of the South American historical adventure A Storm Hits Valparaiso and the short stories If You Go Into The Woods and Transfection as well as the popular self-publishing guide Let’s Get Digital: How To Self-Publish, And Why You Should. Born in Ireland, he now lives in Sweden, but spends most of his time travelling the world, collecting stories.
Read more at Indiereader.com











RELATED ON HUFFPOST:









Suggest a correction





Andrew Losowsky




Senior Books Editor, The Huffington Post






MORE:

James Bond


Literary Product Placement


Product Placement In James Bond


Product Placement In Books


Product Placement




































































Subscribe to the Culture Shift email.
Get your weekly dose of books, film and culture.













































Writers, James Bond, and the Perils of Product Placement



































CONVERSATIONS




































































James T Fleming Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






















SBTB James T. Fleming Insider Trades for SBT Bancorp Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































SBT Bancorp Inc.

                  OTC: SBTB
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

SBT Bancorp Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


SBTB

/quotes/zigman/11136698/delayed


$
25.15




Change

+0.05
+0.20%

Volume
Volume 1
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/11136698/delayed
Previous close

$
			25.10
		


$
				25.15
			
Change

+0.05
+0.20%





Day low
Day high
$25.15
$25.25










52 week low
52 week high

            $19.45
        

            $25.90
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James T. Fleming



Mr. James T. Fleming is President at Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc., Independent Director at SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut), Vice President at Simsbury Volunteer Fire District, Commissioner-Police Commission at City of Simsbury (Connecticut), Secretary & Treasurer at Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Assoc Foundation, Inc., and Chairman-Managers Board at YMCA of Greater Hartford. He is on the Board of Directors at The Simsbury Bank & Trust Co., SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut), Simsbury Cemetery Association, Cyren Call Communications Corp., and Automotive Trade Association Executives.
Mr. Fleming was previously employed as Commissioner by Connecticut Department of Public Works.
He received his undergraduate degree from Eisenhower College and a graduate degree from Trinity College (Connecticut).



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/18/2016
300


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/10/2015
333


 
Acquisition at $21 per share.


6,993


11/20/2013
300


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/20/2012
300


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Martin J. Geitz 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Gary W. Burdick 
Chief Commercial Banking Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Gary R. Kevorkian 
Secretary & Director




Ms. Susan D. Presutti 
Head-Investor Relations & Assistant Secretary




Mr. Robert J. Bogino 
Independent Chairman




Mr. Peter C. Pabich 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael D. Nicastro 
Independent Director




Ms. Ann G. Taylor 
Independent Director




Ms. Penny R. Woodford 
Independent Director




Mr. David W. Sessions 
Vice Chairman




Mr. James T. Fleming 
Independent Director




Mr. Nicholas B. Mason 
Independent Director




Mr. Jerry W. Long 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:32 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
4:26p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
4:26pWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
4:22pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
4:21pTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
4:19pBREAKINGDow industrials just 170 points shy of 22,000 milestone
4:17pWhy tax cuts for the rich solve nothing
4:10pCigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
4:08p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
4:08pAmazon’s stock drop after results is the smallest in seven years
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































James T Fleming - Ashdown, AR | Intelius



























Sign In



We found James T Fleming in Ashdown, AR


James T Fleming

                                                                           Intelius found that James T Fleming  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Ashdown, AR.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

James T Fleming is in his 60s

James Has Lived In

Ashdown, AR
Texarkana, TX
Ogden, AR

James's Relatives

Mary Fleming
Lynn Fleming







James T Fleming



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Owner at Electric & A C Service



Get Report Now










Want to know more about James? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about James, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on James T Fleming
Get a Criminal Check on James T Fleming
Get a Public Record Report on James T Fleming
Get a People Search Report on James T Fleming


James T Fleming's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where James T Fleming has lived as well as James T Fleming's phone numbers and email addresses.




James T Fleming Has Lived in 2 States
Arkansas Address for James T Fleming


4-A A****** 

Ashdown, AR


Has Lived In

Ashdown, AR
Texarkana, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with James T Fleming

(903) ***-**** - Redwater, TX 
(870) ***-**** - Ashdown, AR 
(903) ***-**** - Texarkana, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with James T Fleming

j***********g@***.com


Get Email Report




James T Fleming's Professional Information
Information regarding James T Fleming's professional history.  Find out previous places James T Fleming has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


James T Fleming Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Electric & A C Service
               Title: Owner
James T Fleming's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: Electric & A C Service
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on James T Fleming

 See James T Fleming's LinkedIn Profile



James T Fleming's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for James T Fleming


James T Fleming's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of James T Fleming's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
James Fleming
Username Matches

                  JamesFleming
                  FlemingJames
                  James.Fleming
                  Fleming.James
                  James_Fleming
                  Fleming_James
                  James-Fleming
                  Fleming-James
                  JFleming
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Fleming







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














James T. Fleming - President at Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James T. Fleming
President at Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Political Donations Received Public Holdings 


James T. Fleming
President at Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc.



 Overview



Age



61
                                  (Born 1956)
                                              




Notable Companies


Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc.




Board Seats



7





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 61 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Martin J. Geitz

President & Chief Executive Officer at SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut)




Lincoln S. Young

Director at Licia & Mason Beekley Community Library





Robert J. Bogino

Former President, Treasurer & Owner at Bogino & Demaria, Inc.




Gary R. Kevorkian

Attorney at MagPower Systems, Inc.





Jerry Long

Member at Asylum Hill Congregational Church




Nicholas B. Mason

President, Treasurer & Director at VNA Valley Care, Inc.





Michael Nicastro

Chief Executive Officer at Continuity Engine, Inc.




George B. Odlum, Jr.

Former Independent Director at SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut)





David W. Sessions

President & Treasurer at The Casle Corp.




Penny R. Woodford

Independent Director at SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut)







See 51 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 51 More 


 


 Paths to James T. Fleming



            James T. Fleming          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James T. Fleming






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James T. Fleming.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.A. 


Eisenhower College






MA 


Trinity College

                  Trinity College looks like a traditional New England liberal arts school.

But we act in some untraditional ways.

Our commitment to urban-global education, for example, is groundbreaking, as is our interdisciplinary Neuroscience Program and our First-Year Program, one of the earliest in the nation. We have also just added more than 20 young teacher/scholars to our faculty, and our faculty across the board is committed to collaboration with students on real-world research projects.

We continue to re-examine and transform the concept of liberal arts education because our graduates expect to thrive and to have a serious effect on the world.

Trinity’s 10:1 student/faculty ratio means access to teachers who have time to discuss your term paper in person, encourage your research project, and celebrate your success on Commencement Day. Choose from 38 academic majors in the liberal arts and sciences, including one in engineering, another program that is not traditional for a college like Trinity. Twenty-six interdisciplinary minors like human rights, Jewish studies, and African American studies give you even more choices.

World-wide study abroad, courses that include interaction with the city around us, and for-credit academic internships give you experience beyond the classroom.

And yes, our campus is beautiful in a traditional New England-college way—100 green acres dotted with historic buildings—and it’s located in an interesting place, Connecticut’s state capital, the city of Hartford. It’s home to 2,300 students from 45 states and 47 countries who connect to the College and each other through 100 student organizations, 29 NCAA Division III athletic teams, internships, and volunteer projects.

You can learn about all of this here on our Web site—academics, athletics, student activities, and more—but the best thing is to visit Trinity and see for yourself. Campus visits are conducted year-round, and you are always welcome                





 Career History



President

                                    2008 - Current                


Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc.






Secretary & Treasurer

                                    Current                


Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Association






Secretary & Treasurer

                                    Prior                


Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Assoc Foundation, Inc.






Vice President

                                    Prior                


Simsbury Volunteer Fire District







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2006 - Current                  


SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut)

                    SBT Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for The Simsbury Bank & Trust Co., Inc. It offers commercial banking services to residents and businesses in its primary and secondary markets through a variety of commercial loans and residential mortgage programs as well as home equity lines and loans, FDIC-insured checking, savings, and IRA accounts, 401K rollover accounts, as well as safe deposit and other customary non-deposit banking services. The company was founded on February 17, 2006 and is headquartered in Simsbury, CT.                  




Director

                    1992 - Current                  


The Simsbury Bank & Trust Co.

                    Part of SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut), The Simsbury Bank & Trust Co. is a company headquartered in Simsbury, CT, focused on state commercial banks. Martin J. Geitz has been the CEO since 2004.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Cyren Call Communications Corp.

                    Cyren Call Communications Corp. provides advisory and support services for the development of wireless broadband networks that carry priority public safety communications. The company was founded by Thomas J. Sidman, Keith W. Kaczmarek, Morgan Edward O'Brien in 2006 and is headquartered in McLean, VA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Chairman-Management Board

                    Current                  


YMCA of Greater Hartford

                    The YMCA of Greater Hartford’s mission is to help people develop their God-given potential in spirit, mind, and body. Our purpose is to develop the entire person through programs that build strong kids, strong families, and strong communities. To this end, we have a threefold vision: to put a caring adult in the presence of every child; to be good stewards of the resources entrusted to us; and to work, in partnership with others, to eliminate disparities in health and education.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Simsbury Cemetery Association






Director

                    Current                  


Automotive Trade Association Executives

                    Automotive Trade Association Executives is an American private company located in Mclean, VA, that operates as a membership organization.                  




Executive Secretary

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Assoc Foundation, Inc.







 Political Donations



$500

                  2010                


John B. Larson


                  Representative from Connecticut's 1st Congressional District                




$500

                  2006                


M. Jodi Rell







$90

                  2006                


Robert W. Heagney


                  Former Representative from the 16th District at Connecticut House of Representatives                





 Political Donations Received



$250

                  1996                


Eli Lilly & Company


                  Eli Lilly & Co. engages in the discovery, development, manufacture, and sale of pharmaceutical products. It operates through the Human Pharmaceutical Products and Animal Health segments. The Human Pharmaceutical products segment includes the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, and sales of human pharmaceutical products worldwide in the following therapeutic areas: neuroscience, endocrinology, oncology, cardiovascular, and other. The Animal health segment operating through the Elanco Animal Health division, develops, manufactures, and markets products for both food and companion animals. The Animal health products include Rumensin, Tylan, Posilac, Paylean and other products for livestock and poultry, as well as Trifexis, Comfortis, and other products for companion animals. The Other Pharmaceuticals products include anti-infectives, primarily Vancocin and Ceclor, and other miscellaneous pharmaceutical products and services. Its products are distributed through wholesalers that serve pharmacies, physicians and other health care professionals, and hospitals. The company was founded by Eli Lilly on May 1876 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.                




$250

                  1996                


US Healthcare, Inc.


                  US Healthcare, Inc., a subsidiary of Aetna, Inc., is a company headquartered in Blue Bell, PA, that provides healthcare services for individuals, families and businesses. The firm was founded by Angelo Masciantonio and Benad Goldwasser. Aetna, Inc. acquired US Healthcare, Inc. on 19 Jul 96 for $8,114.05 million.                




$150

                  1996                


United Technologies Corporation


                  United Technologies (UTC) is a diversified company that provides a broad range of high-technology products and services to the global aerospace and building systems industries. Our commercial businesses are Otis elevators and escalators and UTC Climate, Controls & Security, a leading provider of heating, ventilation, air conditioning, fire and security systems, building automation and controls. Our aerospace businesses are Sikorsky aircraft and the new UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems, which includes Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines and UTC Aerospace Systems aerospace products. The company also operates a central research organization that pursues technologies for improving the performance, energy efficiency and cost of UTC products and processes.                




$250

                  1996                


Aetna, Inc.


                  Aetna, Inc. engages in the provision of traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services. It operates through the following segments: Health Care, Group Insurance, and Large Case Pensions. The Health Care segment consists of medical, pharmacy benefit management services, dental, behavioral health, and vision plans offered on insured and employer-funded basis. The Group Insurance segment includes group life insurance and group disability products. The Large Case Pensions segment manages retirement products for tax-qualified pension plans. The company was founded by Eliphalet Adams Bulkeley in 1853 and is headquartered in Hartford, CT.                




$250

                  1996                


Eversource Energy


                  At Northeast Utilities, our vision is summed up in the words Energy, Growth, and Leadership.

Today, the key elements are in place to support our vision – a focused business strategy to guide us, a streamlined organizational structure to support us, and a renewed commitment to serve our customers, our shareholders, our company and each other to the best of our abilities.

Our strategic decision to focus on regulated business opportunities has strengthened our company’s financial position, though many challenges remain – a volatile energy marketplace, rising energy prices and meeting the increasing service expectations of our customers and the communities we serve.

Using this vision to guide us will enable us to meet these challenges now and in the future                






See 11 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 11 More 






 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              James T. Fleming is affiliated with
                            Connecticut Automotive Retailers Association, Inc., Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Association, Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Assoc Foundation, Inc., Simsbury Volunteer Fire District, SBT Bancorp, Inc. (Connecticut), The Simsbury Bank & Trust Co., Cyren Call Communications Corp., YMCA of Greater Hartford, Simsbury Cemetery Association, Automotive Trade Association Executives, Greater Hartford Automobile Dealers Assoc Foundation, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











James T Fleming - Greenwood, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



Greenwood



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            James T Fleming
                                    



 





















J 


James T Fleming
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



307 OAKWOOD DR GREENWOOD, SC 29649
Get Directions



(864) 223-6667





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $81,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts James T Fleming







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.









































For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond: Amazon.co.uk: Ben Macintyre: 9780747598664: Books








 

































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






Books Advanced Search Best Sellers Top New Releases Deals in Books School Books Textbooks Books Outlet Children's Books Calendars & Diaries


















































































For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond and over 2 million other books are available for Amazon Kindle . 






 Learn more 





                Biography
            


             ›
         


                Film, Television & Music
            


             ›
         


                 Music
             


















Share


Facebook
Twitter



Link copied!


<Embed>









































Buy New



£7.99

















RRP: £9.99



                    You Save: £2.00
                     (20%)
                













FREE UK Delivery on book orders dispatched by Amazon over £10.









        
            Only 4 left in stock (more on the way).
            
        
        
    




    





    
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
        Dispatched from and sold by Amazon.
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
        

        
            Gift-wrap available.
        







Quantity:
1
                            
2
                            
3
                            
4
                            
5
                            
6
                            
7
                            
8
                            
9
                            
10
                            
11
                            
12
                            
13
                            
14
                            
15
                            
16
                            
17
                            
18
                            
19
                            
20
                            
21
                            
22
                            
23
                            
24
                            
25
                            
26
                            
27
                            
28
                            
29
                            
30
                            
Quantity:1







Add to Basket




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser












                    Dispatch to:
                





                            United States
                        







                        To see addresses, please
                    


                        Sign in
                    






Or

                        Use this location:
                    






                                Update
                            




                                Please enter a valid UK postcode.
                            



                            Please enter a valid UK postcode.
                        



                            Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:
                        


Or





























Buy Used



£0.01














+ £2.80 UK delivery




      Used: Very Good
    

 | Details



    Sold by
    
      
      
        awesome_books_001





Condition:
      Used: Very Good
    



Comment: This book is in very good condition and will be shipped within 24 hours of ordering. The cover may have some limited signs of wear but the pages are clean, intact and the spine remains undamaged. This book has clearly been well maintained and looked after thus far. Money back guarantee if you are not satisfied. See more of our deals.
          





Add to Basket




Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser











                  Add to List
                  
              



















            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          
























































                Have one to sell?
            

Sell on Amazon




























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond
Paperback

– 6 Apr 2009



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Ben Macintyre
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Ben Macintyre Page




 search results for this author












Ben Macintyre



(Author)















4.1 out of 5 stars








28 customer reviews












See all 9 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Amazon Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Kindle Edition




"Please retry"







£6.99 







                            —
                        

                            —
                        



















Hardcover




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







£6.66




£0.01





















Paperback




"Please retry"






£7.99 







£2.49




£0.01















Kindle Edition 


      £6.99
    









                                Read with Our
                                
                                    Free App
                                









Hardcover 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from £0.01
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          48 Used from £0.01
        
      



        
          10 New from £6.66
        
      



        
          2 Collectible from £10.00
        
      





Paperback 


      £7.99
    








        
          18 Used from £0.01
        
      



        
          26 New from £2.49
        
      



        
          1 Collectible from £0.99
        
      













Want it delivered by Wednesday, 2 Aug.? Order within 63 hrs 27 mins and choose AmazonGlobal Priority at checkout. Details






Note: This item is eligible for click and collect.


                Details
            


Pick up your parcel at a time and place that suits you.


             Choose from over 13,000 locations across the UK
        

             Prime members get unlimited deliveries at no additional cost
        

How to order to an Amazon Pickup Location?



                        Find your preferred location
                    
                and add it to your address book
            
        

             Dispatch to this address when you check out
        


            Learn more
        

















 'I am going to write the spy story to end all spy stories' One morning in February 1952, a journalist called Ian Fleming sat down at his desk and set about creating a fictional secret agent. James Bond was born and would go on to become one of the most successful, enduring and lucrative creations in literature. But Bond's world of glamour and romance, gadgets and cocktails, espionage and villainy wasn't entirely drawn from imagination: Fleming's background and his experiences as an intelligence officer during the Second World War were all formative parts in the creation of the world's most famous spy. Packed with astonishing detail and written in Macintyre's inimitable style, For Your Eyes Only is the most enlightening, enlivening book on the creator of the spy who not only lived twice, but proved to be immortal.











Read more
Read less
















See all buying options










        For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond
    





        £7.99
    


FREE UK Delivery on book orders dispatched by Amazon over £10.


        
            Only 4 left in stock (more on the way).
                        
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
        
            
                
                
            

            Dispatched from and sold by Amazon.
            

            Gift-wrap available.
            

            
            
        
        
    


        


























 click to open popover 





Special offers and product promotions


Save 10% on selected children’s books, compliments of Amazon Family
 Promotion exclusive for Prime members


.Also check our best rated Biography reviews







Frequently bought together






++


Total price: £24.97

Add all three to Basket




Some of these items are dispatched sooner than the others. Show details
Buy the selected items togetherThis item:For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond by Ben Macintyre Paperback £7.99 Only 4 left in stock (more on the way).Sent from and sold by Amazon.FREE Delivery on orders over £10. DetailsThe Napoleon of Crime: The Life and Times of Adam Worth, the Real Moriarty by Ben Macintyre Paperback £9.99 Only 7 left in stock (more on the way).Sent from and sold by Amazon.FREE Delivery on orders over £10. DetailsA Spy Among Friends: Philby and the Great Betrayal by Ben Macintyre Paperback £6.99 In stock.Sent from and sold by Amazon.FREE Delivery on orders over £10. Details








Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            The Napoleon of Crime: The Life and Times of Adam Worth, the Real Moriarty
        

Ben Macintyre


4.0 out of 5 stars

23

Paperback£9.99 Amazon Prime





            A Foreign Field
        

Ben Macintyre


4.6 out of 5 stars

50

Paperback£9.98 Amazon Prime





            Double Cross: The True Story of The D-Day Spies
        

Ben Macintyre


4.5 out of 5 stars

306

Paperback130 offers from £0.01





            A Spy Among Friends: Philby and the Great Betrayal
        

Ben Macintyre


4.7 out of 5 stars

553

Paperback£6.99 Amazon Prime





            Forgotten Fatherland: The search for Elisabeth Nietzsche
        

Ben Macintyre


3.9 out of 5 stars

20

Paperback£9.28 Amazon Prime





            Josiah the Great: The True Story of The Man Who Would Be King
        

Ben Macintyre


4.0 out of 5 stars

28

Paperback£10.99 Amazon Prime


Next







Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        













  See all free Kindle reading apps 





























    Start reading For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond on your Kindle in under a minute.


    
Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.













Product details


Paperback: 256 pages
Publisher: Bloomsbury Publishing PLC (6 April 2009)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0747598665
ISBN-13: 978-0747598664

    Product Dimensions: 
    
    12.9 x 1.7 x 19.8 cm
    
Average Customer Review:




4.1 out of 5 stars






      28 customer reviews
    




Amazon Bestsellers Rank: 






















178,817 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 




















































































#251
in Books > Biography > Film, Television & Music > Music > Opera


#331
in Books > Music, Stage & Screen > Music > Styles > Classical Music > Opera


#1410
in Books > Biography > Novelists, Poets & Playwrights



 
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?





















                    Product description
                    
                 


Review
'A marvellously entertaining and informative book ... deserves to fly off the shelves every bit as quickly as Devil May Care' Spectator 'Thrilling' Sunday Times 'Everything that makes Bond interesting with relation to the real world, in fact, is explored here. Ben Macintyre's skill, in this entertaining mix of history, espionage, biography, and post-war sociology, is to make you see clearly where Ian Fleming's world ended and the fantasy of James Bond began' Tom Fleming, Literary Review 'Fleming, a journalist like Macintyre, would have approved of Macintyre's fast, witty and informative style, and this is the perfect starting place for anyone wanting to find out more about Bond and his creator' Mail on Sunday
				    	
					
About the Author
Ben Macintyre is a columnist and Associate Editor on The Times. He has worked as the newspaper's correspondent in New York, Paris and Washington. He now lives in London with his wife and three children. Agent Zigzag, the true story of a WWII double-agent, was a recent Sunday Times bestseller.
				    	
					












What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










SAS: Rogue Heroes – the Authorized Wartime History
Paperback

Ben MacIntyre


4.7 out of 5 stars

248

£3.85 Amazon Prime









A Spy Among Friends: Philby and the Great Betrayal
Paperback

Ben Macintyre


4.7 out of 5 stars

553

£6.99 Amazon Prime









Double Cross: The True Story of The D-Day Spies
Paperback

Ben Macintyre


4.5 out of 5 stars

306

130 offers from £0.01









Agent Zigzag: The True Wartime Story of Eddie Chapman: The Most Notorious Double Agent of World War II
Paperback

Ben Macintyre


4.6 out of 5 stars

555

74 offers from £0.01














Customer reviews






4.1 out of 5 stars
    28
  



    4.1 out of 5 stars
  







5 star





14




4 star





8




3 star





2




2 star





2




1 star





2



See all 28 customer reviews




        Share your thoughts with other customers
      



        Write a customer review
      







Top customer reviews

5.0 out of 5 starsShort but successful attempt to explore where Fleming's world ended and Bond's began


      By
    
Nicholas J. R. Dougan

VINE VOICE on 16 Jun. 2008Format: Hardcover


A book written to accompany an exhibition at the Imperial War Museum to celebrate the centenary of Ian Fleming's birth, it is, according to author Ben Macintyre, neither a biography of Ian Fleming nor a "Biography" of James Bond, but "a personal investigation into the intersection of two lives, one real and one fictional".There certainly are many elements of a biography of Fleming.  We learn of his father's death, when he was just nine, on the Western Front, and of his relationship with his domineering mother Evelyn, referred to by him and his brothers, interestingly, as "M".  Fleming's search for a career that combined high earnings with a relaxed lifestyle, his compulsive womanising, his taste for the good things of life, but also his war service in naval intelligence, are all covered, as a backdrop to the elements of Bond's character. The many actual people who may have contributed to Bond as well as Fleming, including his late father, Valentine Fleming, his brother Peter, also involved in intelligence work, a variety of commandos and Special Forces types like Fitzroy MacLean, and a similar treatment to the other principal characters in the books, like M and Miss Moneypenny.  The way that Fleming adopted names from acquaintances for other characters is fascinating: he was almost sued by the architect Erno Goldfinger for the misappropriation of his one.While Macintyre comments primarily on the books, he also brings in the films.  I suspect that part of the reason for this was that it gave the book (and the exhibition) much more material to display, but on the whole inclusion of film material is not intrusive and allows Macintyre to point out the differences.Read more ›


Comment





    20 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse



5.0 out of 5 starsFive Stars


      By
    
J. harvey

 on 10 April 2017Format: Hardcover
    Verified Purchase
  


  Delivered on time as described good read happy in all aspects


Comment




    Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse



2.0 out of 5 starslots of conjecture, slim on facts


      By
    
M Cunningham

 on 16 May 2011Format: Paperback


  Interesting for only those who havent read the numerous Fleming autobiographies and/or Bond books where the contents of this book are covered in much more detail.It's a slim volume and only really of interest to those just wanting the most basic of details about the Bond books/films and Ian Fleming.Must agree with the 1 star reviewer about the cover note, it states that this is a biography of both Bond and Fleming, however, the author states in his first paragraph that this book is neither! - bit naughty of the publishers.An interesting read but I found nothing new about either Fleming or Bond and I suspect that most people with the most basic knowledge of either subject will be in the same position.Lots of 'perphaps' and 'maybes', very slim on actual facts.A decent starting point but nothing more.


Comment




    5 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse



5.0 out of 5 starsHighly Readable


      By
    
Mr. R. D. M. Kirby

 on 17 July 2010Format: Paperback


  Andrew Lycett and John Pearson have both written very creditable biographies of Ian Fleming (as well as a number of other authors on the same subject, who have failed to come anywhere near) but in this book, the highly talented Ben Macintyre has carried out his research very well indeed.  He draws together the life of Fleming, the origins of Bond and shows the comparisons between the drabness of post-war England and the life lived by Bond, with his exotic meals, fabulous locations, exciting lifestyle and the top totty whom he encountered with bewildering regularity.  With Fleming's racy, authoritative style of writing, it was inescapable that the Bond books would become best-sellers.The author is a fan of Bond and his creator, as I am; Mr. Macintyre possesses a writing style which is both fluid and witty. I found this book informative, amusing and irresistible.


Comment




    2 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse



4.0 out of 5 starsFor the uninitiated into world of Fleming.....


      By
    
Kenneth Michael Pizzi

 on 29 July 2008Format: Hardcover


  As one who studied Fleming's work extensively as a graduate student and later publishing a thesis on the writer's impact on pop culture of the period, I must admit I was a bit skeptical about yet another bland and redundant Bond "coffee table" book for the masses. Happily, this is not the case with "For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond" by Ben Macintyre, written on the centenary of the author's birth. Highly readable and enjoyable and chock full with full-color photos of props used throughout all 21 Bond films, this book is a comprehensive survey of not just of Bond's impact on fiction and the cinema, but a real in-depth analysis of the man who breathed live into one of popular culture's most endurable icons.Much is written about Fleming's childhood, adolescence, education at Eton, relationships with family (brother Peter, noted travel writer), his military career, his closest friends (Ivar Bryce and Noel Coward), his love-hate relationships with wife Ann, and the author's affairs with numerous beautiful women which oddly resemble Fleming's fictional alter-ego. For those who wish to learn more about Bond and the writer who created him, this tome is a great springboard into the Bond phenomenon which has spanned over forty years.


Comment




    17 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse



5.0 out of 5 starsThe reailty behind the legend


      By
    
Amazon Customer

 on 24 July 2008Format: Hardcover


  A kazilion authors have attempted to connect the real life of Ian Fleming to his famous fictional creation. Macintyre does an excellent job of summarizing the life of Fleming and the inspirations both in his personality and in his experience that led to the famous mythical world of 007.As you would expect of an Imperial War Museum production, there are excellent photos from the archives as well as artifacts from the James Bond movies.


Comment




    3 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?
    

Yes No



    Sending feedback...
  

	Thank you for your feedback.
  

    Sorry, we failed to record your vote. Please try again
  


Report abuse











      See all 28 customer reviews (newest first) on Amazon.co.uk    
    


      Write a customer review
  






        Would you like to see more reviews about this item?
      



        ›
      
      
        Go to Amazon.com to see all 25 reviews
      
4.1 out of 5 stars


      Were these reviews helpful?
      

        Let us know
      














    Most recent customer reviews
  
5.0 out of 5 starsFive Stars


      cheers!
    


  Published 12 months ago by Kris Mitchell


1.0 out of 5 starshasty and looking like a cash-in


      The only disappointing book of MacIntyre's oeuvre. Thin,hasty and looking like a cash-in. Read this others which are superb.
    


  Published 17 months ago by TeeandCee


5.0 out of 5 starsFive Stars


      Very interesting read and at a very good price recommended for any James bond fan
    


  Published 18 months ago by Ben Truman


4.0 out of 5 starsNot a bad broad overview


      I have always been a fan of the James Bond books, and fancied reading something about the author and the reasons behind his creation.
    

Read more
    


  Published 19 months ago by Bridgey


5.0 out of 5 starsworth getting for the information


      good book, interesting facts and lots of pictures
    


  Published 20 months ago by Susan Bailey


3.0 out of 5 starsThree Stars


      Quite good but nothing new
    


  Published on 4 July 2015 by Tony Burley


4.0 out of 5 starsFour Stars


      Good Stuff
    


  Published on 5 May 2015 by ed


4.0 out of 5 starsGood read


      Learnt a few things I hadn't known. The rest was a hotchpotch of well known facts and some blatantly untrue myths.
    

Read more
    


  Published on 14 Oct. 2014 by Davyboy


4.0 out of 5 starsGood, quick read.


      Interesting read about a fascinating man.
    


  Published on 10 Sept. 2014 by Hector H


3.0 out of 5 starsFor Your Eyes Only


      An easy read, but not as good as Ian Fleming in my opinion, but I guess it will sell well.
    


  Published on 4 Jun. 2014 by D. J. Lay







    Search customer reviews
  


    Search
  











Look for similar items by category


Books > Biography > Film, Television & Music > Music > Opera
Books > Biography > Novelists, Poets & Playwrights
Books > Music, Stage & Screen > Film
Books > Poetry, Drama & Criticism > History & Criticism










Where's My Stuff?

track your recent orders
view or change your orders in Your Account



Delivery and Returns

see our delivery rates and policies
thinking of returning an item? (See our Returns Policy)


Need Help?

Forgot your password?
Buy Gift Cards.
still have questions? Visit our Help Pages


















 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















Biographies and Memoirs : Books : Amazon.co.uk













 




































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















Biographies & Memoirs



Biographies & Memoirs
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






Books Advanced Search Best Sellers Top New Releases Deals in Books School Books Textbooks Books Outlet Children's Books Calendars & Diaries












































































Biography and Autobiography Books

Bestsellers | New & Future Releases | Best Books of the Month | Editor's Picks












            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Sports Biographies






        
            





.












Historical Biographies






        
            





.












Biographies about Film...






        
            





.












True Crime Biographies






        
            





.












Women's Biographies






        
            





.












Real Life Tragedy Biographies










        
            





.












Business Biographies & Memoirs






        
            





.












War & Espionage Biographies






        
            





.












Political Biographies






        
            





.












Theatre & Performance Artist...






        
            





.












Social & Health Issues...






        
            





.












British Royalty Biographies



















Best sellers




Previous page






My Family and Other Animals













	Gerald Durrell




	
		Kindle Edition
	



403



£6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Wishful Drinking


Carrie Fisher

		Kindle Edition
	



112



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Ripper: The Secret Life of Walter...


Patricia Cornwell

		Kindle Edition
	



106



£22.89 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls


Francesca Cavallo, Elena Favilli

		Hardcover
	



329



£17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.00  









Before I Go


Catherine Cookson

		Kindle Edition
	



14



£4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.98  








What does this button do?













	Bruce Dickinson




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









D DAY Through German Eyes - The...













	Holger Eckhertz, Holger Eckhertz...




	
		Kindle Edition
	



725



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Last in the Tin Bath: The Autobiography













	David Lloyd




	
		Kindle Edition
	



159



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Sleeping in the Ground: DCI Banks 24


Peter Robinson

		Kindle Edition
	



45



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








The Good Old Days: Poverty, Crime and...


Gilda O'Neill

		Kindle Edition
	



25



£6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Abattoir Blues: DCI Banks 22


Peter Robinson

		Kindle Edition
	



632



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Confessions of an Undercover Cop


Ash Cameron

		Kindle Edition
	



69



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Why the Dutch are Different: A...


Ben Coates

		Kindle Edition
	



61



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Bridge of Spies


Giles Whittell

		Kindle Edition
	



60



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Never a Hero To Me: An innocent girl...


Tracy Black

		Kindle Edition
	



57



£0.99  








The Hacienda: How Not to Run a Club


Peter Hook

		Kindle Edition
	



105



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a...













	Oliver Sacks, Jonathan Davis...




	
		Audio Download
	



318



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.10  








Shockaholic


Carrie Fisher

		Kindle Edition
	



21



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The Reason I Jump: one boy's voice...













	Naoki Higashida, David Mitchell...




	
		Paperback
	



942



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.29  









Marching Powder: A True Story of a...













	Rusty Young




	
		Kindle Edition
	



561



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.19  


Next page













New & Notable




Previous page






Unbroken: My story of survival from 7...


Martine Wright

		Hardcover
	



6



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.50  









A Life in Football: My Autobiography


Ian Wright

		Paperback
	



119



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









A Life in the Day













	Hunter Davies




	
		Hardcover
	



2



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.89  









The Black Prince


Michael Jones

		Hardcover
	



1



£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









A History of Heavy Metal


Andrew O'Neill

		Paperback
	



9



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.49  









Lucky Man: The Autobiography


Greg Lake

		Hardcover
	



14



£20.00  









Long Way Back













	Charley Boorman, AA Publishing




	
		Hardcover
	



27



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  









Notorious: The Life and Fights of...


Jack Slack

		Paperback
	



13



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  









Get Me the Urgent Biscuits: An...


Sweetpea Slight

		Hardcover
	



6



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.99  









Big Pig, Little Pig: A Tale of Two...


Jacqueline Yallop

		Hardcover
	



13



£14.99  









Fully Functioning Human : Living in...













	Melanie Murphy




	
		Paperback
	

£12.99  









Win or Learn: MMA, Conor McGregor and...


John Kavanagh

		Paperback
	



99



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









The Girl Who Climbed Everest: Lessons...


Bonita Norris

		Hardcover
	



1



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £16.99  









White Bicycles: Making Music in the...













	Joe Boyd, Hanif Kureishi




	
		Paperback
	



43



£8.99  









This is Going to Hurt: Secret Diaries...


Adam Kay

		Hardcover
	

£16.99  









The Little Big Things: A young man's...


Henry Fraser

		Hardcover
	

£12.99  









Feel Good 101: The Outsiders' Guide...













	Emma Blackery




	
		Hardcover
	

£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £12.75  









Trying to Float: Coming of age in New...













	Nicolaia Rips




	
		Paperback
	



1



£8.99  









James Acaster's Classic Scrapes













	James Acaster, Josh Widdicombe




	
		Hardcover
	

£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.89  









Unbroken: One Woman's Journey to...


Madeleine Black

		Paperback
	



74



£7.99  



Next page













Most wished for




Previous page






Brand New Me


Charlotte Crosby

		Hardcover
	



43



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.00  









A Street Cat Named Bob: How one man...


James Bowen

		Paperback
	



5,197



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.29  









Lion: A Long Way Home


Saroo Brierley

		Paperback
	



451



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Knowing the Score: My Family and Our...


Alexandra Heminsley, Judy Murray

		Hardcover
	



37



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.50  









Happy: Finding joy in every day and...


Fearne Cotton

		Hardcover
	



139



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









Fingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir


Chris Packham

		Paperback
	



327



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  










Hello, is this planet Earth?: My View...


Tim Peake

		Hardcover
	



645



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.00  









Catching a Serial Killer: My hunt for...


Stephen Fulcher

		Paperback
	



82



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









But Seriously: An Autobiography


John McEnroe

		Hardcover
	



9



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.50  









Women in Science: 50 Fearless...


Rachel Ignotofsky

		Hardcover
	



51



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.09  









Alan Partridge: Nomad













	Alan Partridge




	
		Paperback
	



207



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Set the Boy Free


Johnny Marr

		Paperback
	



134



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









The Duchess: The Untold Story - the...


Penny Junor

		Hardcover
	



95



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  









Jane Austen at Home: A Biography


Lucy Worsley

		Hardcover
	



46



£25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  









Fall Down Seven Times, Get Up Eight...













	Naoki Higashida, David Mitchell...




	
		Hardcover
	



23



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.49  









The Hospital: How I survived the...


Veronica Clark

		Paperback
	



235



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  









No Nonsense: The Autobiography













	Joey Barton




	
		Paperback
	



145



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Good Cop, Bad War













	Neil Woods, JS Rafaeli




	
		Paperback
	



143



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.19  









Watching the Wheels: My Autobiography


Damon Hill

		Paperback
	



186



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









1963: A Slice of Bread and Jam


Tommy Rhattigan

		Paperback
	



236



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  



Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






Tiger Tracks - The Classic Panzer Memoir


Sprech Media, Wolfgang Faust

		Kindle Edition
	



211



£5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Your Life In My Hands - a Junior...


Rachel Clarke

		Kindle Edition
	



33



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.64  








D DAY Through German Eyes - Book 2...













	Holger Eckhertz, Holger Eckhertz...




	
		Kindle Edition
	



328



£1.99  








A Mind at Play: How Claude Shannon...


Rob Goodman

		Hardcover
	



1



£20.61 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £18.55  









Start With Why: How Great Leaders...


Simon Sinek

		Paperback
	



235



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









Women Who Run With The Wolves...


Clarissa Pinkola Estes

		Paperback
	



264



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.09  









Elon Musk: How the Billionaire CEO of...


Ashlee Vance

		Paperback
	



271



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









How to Build a Car













	Adrian Newey




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









Tommy Robinson Enemy of the State













	Tommy Robinson




	
		Paperback
	



1,212











When the Music's Over: DCI Banks 23


Peter Robinson

		Kindle Edition
	



217



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.99  








Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Kindle Edition
	



147



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.99  








Hunger: A Memoir of (My) Body


Roxane Gay

		Paperback
	



8



£13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.79  









Everybody Lies: What the Internet Can...


Seth Stephens-Davidowitz

		Kindle Edition
	



13



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.19  








The Bell Jar


Sylvia Plath

		Mass Market Paperback
	



445



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.29  









The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside...













	Greg Sestero, Tom Bissell




	
		Paperback
	



89











All Out War: The Full Story of How...


Tim Shipman

		Paperback
	



148



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  









Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of...


Phil Knight

		Kindle Edition
	



130



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








RISINGTIDEFALLINGSTAR


Philip Hoare

		Hardcover
	



1



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.99  









The Seabird's Cry













	Adam Nicolson, Kate Boxer




	
		Hardcover
	



9



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.89  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Eve's War: The diaries of a military...













	Evelyn Shillington




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.99  








The Adversary: A True Story of...


Emmanuel Carrère

		Kindle Edition
	



6



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.49  








A mile in my own shoes: Based on a...


Sarah Rosmond

		Kindle Edition
	

£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Dead Now Of Course













	Phyllida Law




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Lone Rider: The First British Woman...


Elspeth Beard

		Kindle Edition
	



17



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.79  








Flesh and Blood: A History of My...













	Stephen McGann




	
		Kindle Edition
	



1



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








Cruel to Be Kind: Saying no can save...


Cathy Glass

		Kindle Edition
	

£4.99  








Going on the Turn


Danny Baker

		Hardcover
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.00  









Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



3



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.84  








Who Will Love Me Now?: Neglected...


Maggie Hartley

		Kindle Edition
	



5



£6.99  








La Vie En Rose: Notes From Rural France


Susie Kelly

		Kindle Edition
	



4



£0.99  








The Pants Of Perspective: One Woman's...


Anna McNuff

		Kindle Edition
	



10



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  








Byrds: Requiem for the Timeless...


Johnny Rogan

		Hardcover
	

£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









Guarding Diana - Protecting The...













	Ken Wharfe, Robert Jobson




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.64  








Read Between the Lines: Diary of a...













	Jenelle Evans, Tonia Brown




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2



£16.03 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.83  








The Dam Busters


Paul Brickhill

		Kindle Edition
	



32



£0.98  








No Filter













	Grace Victory




	
		Kindle Edition
	



11



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.49  








Ants Among Elephants: An Untouchable...


Sujatha Gidla

		Kindle Edition
	

£21.37 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.44  








True Crime Stories Volume 7: 12...


Jack Rosewood

		Kindle Edition
	



2



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £2.99  








Inside Studio 54













	Mark Fleischman, Denise Chatman...




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.54  



Next page













Classic Picks




Previous page






Diana: Her True Story - In Her Own...


Andrew Morton

		Hardcover
	



21



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.00  









Road Racer: It's in My Blood


Michael Dunlop

		Hardcover
	



127



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.00  









I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings













	Dr Maya Angelou




	
		Paperback
	



553



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.84  









Hamilton: The Revolution


Lin-Manuel Miranda, Jeremy McCarter

		Hardcover
	



79



£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









The Pigeon Tunnel: Stories from My Life


John Le Carré

		Paperback
	



153



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.49  









Steve Jobs: The Exclusive Biography


Walter Isaacson

		Paperback
	



625



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.14  









Barbarian Days: A Surfing Life


William Finnegan

		Paperback
	



52



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  









The Guv'nor


Peter Gerrard

		Paperback
	



331



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.49  









Hutchy: Miracle Man













	Ian Hutchinson, Ted Macauley...




	
		Hardcover
	



60



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £15.90  









Diana: Closely Guarded Secret













	Ken Wharfe, Robert Jobson




	
		Paperback
	



33



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  









In the Company of Women


Grace Bonney

		Hardcover
	



9



£25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £22.02  









Behind Palace Doors


Major Colin Burgess

		Paperback
	



110



£8.99  









Every Body Yoga


Jessamyn Stanley

		Paperback
	



4



£12.99  









A Nun's Story - The Deeply Moving...













	Sister Agatha




	
		Paperback
	



80



£7.99  









Escape from Camp 14: One man's...


Blaine Harden

		Paperback
	



441



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.83  









Ed Sheeran - Divide and Conquer


David Nolan

		Paperback
	



2



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Dave Grohl: Times Like His: Foo...













	Martin James




	
		Paperback
	



11



£7.99  









Oasis: What's the Story













	Iain Robertson




	
		Paperback
	



8



£7.99  









Howards End is on the Landing: A year...


Susan Hill

		Paperback
	



96



£8.99  









The Gangbuster - To Catch a Gangster...


Peter Bleksley

		Paperback
	



52



£7.99  



Next page












1-16 of 849,730 results for Books : Biography



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date




















Best Sellerin Social & Urban History BiographiesGood Night Stories for Rebel Girls2 Mar 2017by Elena Favilli and Francesca CavalloHardcover£9.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.98	
(49 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99
4.7 out of 5 stars
325Sleeping in the Ground: DCI Banks 2413 Jul 2017by Peter RobinsonKindle Edition£9.99Paperback£6.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryAvailable for pre-orderOther Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.5 out of 5 stars
45See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsFall Down Seven Times, Get Up Eight: A young man’s voice from the silence of autism11 Jul 2017by Naoki Higashida and David MitchellHardcover£10.49PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.32	
(25 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
23Best Sellerin TelevisionBrand New Me29 Jun 2017by Charlotte CrosbyHardcover£8.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.12	
(21 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£8.49Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.7 out of 5 stars
43Make Your Bed: Small things that can change your life... and maybe the world15 Jun 2017by Admiral William H. McRavenHardcover£7.99PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£4.34	
(27 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£6.49Other Formats:Audio Download, Audio CD
4.5 out of 5 stars
13Best Sellerin Biographies & Memoirs of ScientistsLion: A Long Way Home12 Jan 2017by Saroo BrierleyKindle Edition£4.99Paperback£3.85PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£0.99	
(48 used & new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
451See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Children's AutismThe Reason I Jump: one boy's voice from the silence of autism24 Apr 2014by Naoki Higashida and David MitchellPaperback£6.29PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£3.43	
(37 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.99Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, MP3 CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
941Tommy Robinson Enemy of the State9 Dec 2015by Tommy RobinsonPaperback£15.00	
(2 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99
4.7 out of 5 stars
1,195Best Sellerin British Royalty BiographiesThe Duchess: The Untold Story – the explosive biography, as seen in the Daily Mail29 Jun 2017by Penny JunorHardcover£9.99PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£6.36	
(35 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
3.4 out of 5 stars
93When the Music's Over: DCI Banks 2314 Jul 2016by Peter RobinsonKindle Edition£4.99Paperback£3.85PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£0.01	
(38 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.1 out of 5 stars
215See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Tennis BiographiesKnowing the Score: My Family and Our Tennis Story15 Jun 2017by Judy Murray and Alexandra HeminsleyHardcover£9.50PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£6.95	
(25 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.9 out of 5 stars
37Best Sellerin Living with Cancer & Illnesses BiographiesWhen Breath Becomes Air5 Jan 2017by Paul KalanithiPaperback£3.85PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£0.16	
(58 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.49Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.6 out of 5 stars
600My Sister Milly29 Jun 2017by Gemma DowlerHardcover£9.50PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.20	
(25 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
5 out of 5 stars
115Best Sellerin Labour & Industrial RelationsYour Life In My Hands - a Junior Doctor's Story13 Jul 2017by Rachel ClarkeKindle Edition£6.64Hardcover£13.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.39	
(19 used & new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
24See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsHappy: Finding joy in every day and letting go of perfect9 Feb 2017by Fearne CottonHardcover£6.99PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.82	
(41 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£7.99Other Formats:Audio Download
4.7 out of 5 stars
139Believe Me: A Memoir of Love, Death and Jazz Chickens15 Jun 2017by Eddie IzzardHardcover£9.50PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.92	
(23 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.3 out of 5 stars
32

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
75
 
Next Page


















Sponsored Links
(What is this?)








Ad feedback










Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results forNew ArrivalsLast 30 days
                                        (9,851)
                                    Last 90 days
                                        (28,511)
                                    Next 90 days
                                        (3,156)
                                    
                                BooksBiographyArtists, Architects & Photographers
                                        (20,983)
                                    British Royalty
                                        (2,425)
                                    Business & Finance
                                        (16,743)
                                    Children's & Young Adult
                                        (29,438)
                                    Essays, Journals & Letters
                                        (4,990)
                                    Film, Television & Music
                                        (41,122)
                                    Gay & Lesbian
                                        (4,649)
                                    Historical
                                        (141,300)
                                    Holocaust
                                        (3,325)
                                    Medical, Legal & Social Sciences
                                        (42,156)
                                    Novelists, Poets & Playwrights
                                        (43,747)
                                    Political
                                        (73,787)
                                    Reference
                                        (392)
                                    Religious
                                        (66,194)
                                    Science, Mathematics & Technology
                                        (18,039)
                                    Social & Health Issues
                                        (71,827)
                                    Sport
                                        (19,092)
                                    Theatre & Performance Art
                                        (30,348)
                                    Tragic Life Stories
                                        (129)
                                    True Crime
                                        (39,316)
                                    War & Espionage
                                        (29,632)
                                    Women
                                        (55,434)
                                    Refine byFormatHardcover
                                        (261,239)
                                    Paperback
                                        (525,214)
                                    Audiobooks
                                        (19,239)
                                    Kindle Books
                                        (239,076)
                                    AuthorCarrie Fisher
                            (3)
                        Oliver Wolf Sacks
                            (5)
                        Elena Favilli
                            (1)
                        Francesca Cavallo
                            (1)
                        Catherine Cookson
                            (2)
                        Holger Eckhertz
                            (2)
                        Ben Coates
                            (1)
                        See moreLanguageEnglish
                            (745,646)
                        French
                            (6,153)
                        German
                            (15,453)
                        Italian
                            (7,087)
                        Spanish
                            (14,041)
                        See moreGlobal Store
Delivery Option
(What's this?)
Free UK Delivery by AmazonAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up
                    (113,045)
                3 Stars & Up & Up
                    (129,713)
                2 Stars & Up & Up
                    (134,233)
                1 Star & Up & Up
                    (138,255)
                PriceUnder £5
                                        (237,768)
                                    £5 - £10
                                        (173,359)
                                    £10 - £20
                                        (200,712)
                                    £20 - £50
                                        (100,805)
                                    Over £50
                                        (42,051)
                                    ££GoInternational Shipping
(What's this?)
AmazonGlobal EligibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.











 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.












Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates























Emig Janet a Fleming James T Popp Helen M - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Emig Janet a Fleming James T Popp Helen M

You Searched For:

Author:
emig janet a fleming james t popp helen m

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 3) of 3







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (3)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 

New Books


Used Books


Binding



All Bindings 

Hardcover


Softcover


Collectible Attributes


First Edition


Signed Copy


Dust Jacket



Seller-Supplied Images (1)      

Not Printed On Demand


Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

U.S.A.
United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up


and up


 


 



Search Within These Results:



























            Bookseller Image
    








Language and Learning: A Revision and Expansion of the 1964 Special Issue of the Harvard Educational Review

Janet A. Emig, James T. Fleming & Helen M. Popp


              Published by
              Harcourt, Brace & World
(1966)



Used
Trade Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Published Page Bookshop (Arlington, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 13.27

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.95

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Harcourt, Brace & World, 1966. Trade Paperback. Book Condition: Good. Not Indicated. Type: Ex-Library moderate edge wear, light tanning, rubbed, typical library stampings & pastings, else clean & tight - Buy with confidence from "Your neighborhood book store, online (tm) - Since 1997 delivering quality books to our neighbors, all around the world!.  Bookseller Inventory # 053938

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.





















Language and Learning: a revision and expansion of the 1964 Special Issue of the Harvard Educational Review

Emig, Janet A.; Fleming, James T.; Popp, Helen M. (Editors)


              Published by
              Harcourt, Brace & World Inc, New York, NY, U.S.A.
(1966)



Used
Soft cover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Firethorn Books (Hyde, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 10.77

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 14.72

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Harcourt, Brace & World Inc, New York, NY, U.S.A., 1966. Soft cover. Book Condition: Good. No Jacket. Appears to be from 1966 - latest copyright date. Ex library with a few usual stamps and labels. White and maroon colour covers. Includes: preface; a number of articles/ contributions; 'Symposium: the use of English in World Literatures' (more articles/ contributions); index. X plus 301 pages. Text is clean. Binding is tight. Cover edges rubbed, corners creased, some discolouring to covers. Spine strip is creased, with edges rubbed. #188.33.  Bookseller Inventory # 006556

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.





















Language and Learning

Emig, Janet A; Fleming, James T; Popp, Helen M


              Published by
              Harcourt, Brace & World
(1964)



Used
Soft Cover

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Squirrel Limited (Stoke on Trent, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 17.29

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 10.13

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Harcourt, Brace & World, 1964. Soft Cover. Book Condition: Good. Paperback in good condition. Will have creasing to spine and/or covers. Edgewear/shelfwear, may have other defects such as discolouration to block edges etc. For further details please email.  Bookseller Inventory # 042333

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.



 
 


Results (1 - 3) of 3







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×
































Fleming Enterprises Inc James T | Wendell NC | Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Fleming Enterprises Inc James T?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Fleming Enterprises Inc James T
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >







F







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Fleming Enterprises Inc James T, update license info here.




Wendell, NC









Fleming Enterprises Inc James T




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Fleming Enterprises Inc James T, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

BZ Analysis


BuildZoom Analysis



Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Wendell

 
/


 Best General Contractors in Wendell 

 



Updated: Jul 16, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of North Carolina contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Fleming Enterprises Inc James T, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 






Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: P O Box 578, Wendell, NC 27591 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.





Analysis

Quality






Alert*





How is the BuildZoom score calculated?


Pro tip: 
We generally recommend hiring a contractor with a score higher than 95.

*No active license on file. If you are Fleming Enterprises Inc James T, update license info here.





Activity








1 project



2015





Our building permit records indicate that Fleming Enterprises Inc James T has worked on at least
1 project over the past 3 years.






Pricing








1 project



< $5k


Value Not Public: 0 projects





Pro tip: 
For more details about their pricing, check out their recent activity to see how much they have charged for different types of work.











Notable Building Permits filed by Fleming Enterprises Inc James T




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Building permit



9117 Agnes Park Ln, Huntersville, NC, 28078
2015-01-16


437 - all other non-co'able buildings / structures 


Valuation:

$4,700



Permit #:

B2740297



Status:

ISSUED



Fee:

$75



Permit Type:

Addition (footpri...



Building Type:

One/Two Family















Similar Contractors
See more









Po Box 48280, NC 28333


Commercial Design and Construction Inc




License # 30209


Dudley, NC







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














27 Annette Dr Ste 107, Benson, NC 27504



Commercial Design Construction




License # 41593


Benson, NC







93

BZ Score


$15K
Avg Project 


1
Project














312 w. millbrook rd ste 101, Raleigh, NC 27609


Commercial 1 Construction, LLC




License # 74273


Raleigh, NC







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Fleming Enterprises Inc James T Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Fleming Enterprises Inc James T. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Fleming Enterprises Inc James T










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Fleming Enterprises Inc James T,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Fleming Enterprises Inc James T








90


Commercial Design and Construction Inc







93


Commercial Design Construction







90


Commercial 1 Construction, LLC






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #15377StatusInactiveStateNorth CarolinaTypeBuilding


According to the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Fleming Enterprises Inc James T at the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors.















Inactive License


License #8906StatusInactiveStateNorth CarolinaTypeBuilding


According to the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Fleming Enterprises Inc James T at the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Fleming Enterprises Inc James T, update license info here.








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in North Carolina:













Does Fleming Enterprises Inc James T carry a valid contracting license?



In North Carolina a construction project with costs of $30,000 or more requires a contractor to be licensed.
Fleming Enterprises Inc James T currently holds license 15377, 8906 (Building), which was Inactive when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in North Carolina?



Contractors in North Carolina must take an exam administered by PSI licensure certification in order to become licensed. 











Your liability risk when hiring Fleming Enterprises Inc James T



Although state law does not require contractors to carry general liability or workers' compensation insurance, hiring contractors who do have an active policy of each insurance is highly recommended. Request a copy of each insurance certificate for your records before any work begins.











Financial recourse when hiring Fleming Enterprises Inc James T



Contractors in North Carolina do not have to obtain a surety bond to perform work on residential properties. Homeowners have financial recourse in North Carolina through The Homeowners Recovery Fund, which provides assistance to eligible North Carolina homeowners who have suffered a financial loss caused by the dishonest or incompetent conduct of a licensed general contractor.











What else should I know before hiring Fleming Enterprises Inc James T



Licensed contractors must furnish proof of financial responsibility to obtain a limited, intermediate, or unlimited license according to a company's working capital. Working capital is current assets minus current liabilities.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in North Carolina, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Fleming Enterprises Inc James T
We will attempt to deliver your message to Fleming Enterprises Inc James T. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.






































































Biographies About Film, Television and Music : Books : Amazon.co.uk













 




































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















Biographies about Film, Television & Music



Biographies about Film, Television & Music
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






Books Advanced Search Best Sellers Top New Releases Deals in Books School Books Textbooks Books Outlet Children's Books Calendars & Diaries





















































































            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Actor & Actress Biographies






        
            





.












Musician Biographies






        
            





.












Television Performer...






        
            





.












Stage Actor Biographies






        
            





.












Film Director Biographies






        
            





.












Radio Performer Biographies



















Best sellers




Previous page






What does this button do?













	Bruce Dickinson




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









Confessions of an Undercover Cop


Ash Cameron

		Kindle Edition
	



69



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The Hacienda: How Not to Run a Club


Peter Hook

		Kindle Edition
	



105



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Shockaholic


Carrie Fisher

		Kindle Edition
	



21



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








My War Gone By, I Miss It So


Anthony Loyd

		Kindle Edition
	



38



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.79  








Mosquito to Berlin: Story of 'Bertie...


Peter Bodle

		Kindle Edition
	



5



£0.99  








Dead Now Of Course













	Phyllida Law




	
		Hardcover
	

£12.99  









Dear Fatty


Dawn French

		Kindle Edition
	



449



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Byrds: Requiem for the Timeless...


Johnny Rogan

		Hardcover
	

£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









Typhoon Pilot


Desmond Scott

		Kindle Edition
	



17



£0.99  








The Nemesis File - The True Story of...


Paul Bruce

		Kindle Edition
	



141



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.79  








Scar Tissue


Larry Sloman, Anthony Kiedis

		Paperback
	



218



£10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.69  









No Cunning Plan


Tony Robinson

		Paperback
	



91



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









The Most Beautiful: My Life With Prince


Mayte Garcia

		Kindle Edition
	



75



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Why Not Me?


Mindy Kaling

		Kindle Edition
	



80



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  


Next page













Most wished for




Previous page






Fingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir


Chris Packham

		Paperback
	



327



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  









Not Dead Yet: The Autobiography


Phil Collins

		Paperback
	



303



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









The Maddie Diaries: My Story


Maddie Ziegler

		Hardcover
	



55



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.00  









Uncommon People: The Rise and Fall of...


David Hepworth

		Hardcover
	



31



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.60  









Long Way Back













	Charley Boorman, AA Publishing




	
		Hardcover
	



27



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  









My Word Is My Bond: The Autobiography


Roger Moore

		Paperback
	



337



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  









Balancing Acts: Behind the Scenes at...


Nicholas Hytner

		Hardcover
	



26



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £16.59  









Our World


Little Mix

		Hardcover
	



79



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.49  









A Life in Parts


Bryan Cranston

		Hardcover
	



107



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £16.00  









The Durrells of Corfu


Michael Haag

		Paperback
	



91



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.19  









Total Recall













	Arnold Schwarzenegger




	
		Paperback
	



379



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  









Ed Sheeran - Divide and Conquer


David Nolan

		Paperback
	



2



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Last Man Standing: Tales from Tinseltown


Roger Moore

		Hardcover
	



349



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.99  









In Real Life: My Journey to a...


Joey Graceffa

		Paperback
	



151



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









My Baby & Me













	Sam Faiers




	
		Hardcover
	



49



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.99  









Lucky Man: The Autobiography


Greg Lake

		Hardcover
	



14



£20.00  









Confidence: The Secret


Katie Piper

		Paperback
	



45



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.50  









Just Kids


Patti Smith

		Paperback
	



202



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  









Adele













	Sean Smith




	
		Paperback
	



15



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









The Real Mrs. Brown: The Authorised...













	Brian Beacom




	
		Paperback
	



606



£8.99  



Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside...













	Greg Sestero, Tom Bissell




	
		Paperback
	



89











A History of Heavy Metal


Andrew O'Neill

		Paperback
	



9



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.49  









The KLF: Chaos, Magic and the Band...


John Higgs

		Kindle Edition
	



122



£10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The Unfinished Palazzo: Life, Love...


Judith Mackrell

		Hardcover
	



5



£19.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £15.96  









Going on the Turn


Danny Baker

		Hardcover
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.00  









Pink Floyd: Their Mortal Remains













	Victoria Broackes, Anna Landreth Strong




	
		Hardcover
	



16



£40.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £26.00  










The Art and Making of Alien: Covenant













	Simon Ward




	
		Hardcover
	



11



£29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.39  









Hamilton: The Revolution


Lin-Manuel Miranda, Jeremy McCarter

		Hardcover
	



79



£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









Talking As Fast As I Can: From...


Lauren Graham

		Hardcover
	



66



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.89  









Unknown Pleasures: Inside Joy Division


Peter Hook

		Kindle Edition
	



92



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








David Jason: My Life


David Jason

		Kindle Edition
	



1,802



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.99  








Yes Please


Amy Poehler

		Paperback
	



225



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.99  









Wishful Drinking


Carrie Fisher

		Paperback
	



112



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.59  









White Line Fever: Lemmy: The...













	Lemmy Kilmister




	
		Kindle Edition
	



238



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Scrappy Little Nobody













	Anna Kendrick




	
		Paperback
	



64



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Feel Good 101: The Outsiders' Guide...













	Emma Blackery




	
		Hardcover
	

£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £12.75  









Art Sex Music


Cosey Fanni Tutti

		Paperback
	



13



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.49  









Set the Boy Free


Johnny Marr

		Paperback
	



134



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Get Me the Urgent Biscuits: An...


Sweetpea Slight

		Hardcover
	



6



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £11.99  









I'm Not with the Band: A Writer's...













	Sylvia Patterson




	
		Paperback
	



42



£9.99  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Grant & I: Inside And Outside The...













	Robert Forster




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£7.47  








Hail to the Chin


Bruce Campbell, Craig Sanborn

		Hardcover
	



1



£19.99  









Marc Bolan: Beautiful Dreamer













	John Bramley




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









America 51: A Probe into the...


Corey Taylor

		Hardcover
	

£19.96  









Can't Stand Up For Falling Down...













	Allan Jones




	
		Paperback
	

£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.48  









The Rolling Stones: On Air in the...


The Rolling Stones, Richard Havers

		Hardcover
	

£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £25.50  









Me. You. A Diary













	Dawn French




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









Reveal: Robbie Williams


Chris Heath

		Kindle Edition
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.96  








Prince: A Private View













	Afshin Shahidi




	
		Hardcover
	

£26.84  









Turn Up the Strobe













	Ian Shirley




	
		Paperback
	

£14.99  









Do You Mr Jones?: Bob Dylan with the...













	Neil Corcoran




	
		Paperback
	



2



£9.99  









George Michael


David Nolan

		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









David Bowie: A Life


Dylan Jones

		Kindle Edition
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








Gold Dust Woman: The Biography of...













	Stephen Davis




	
		Hardcover
	

£21.33  









Liner Notes On Parents, Children...


Loudon Wainwright III

		Hardcover
	

£20.95  









Fierce at Four Foot Two













	Terra Jole




	
		Hardcover
	

£24.00  









Elvis the Legend


Gillian G. Gaar

		Hardcover
	

£25.00  









Sinatra: The Chairman


James Kaplan

		Paperback
	



30



£12.99  









Paul Kossoff: All Right Now: The...













	J. P. James




	
		Hardcover
	

£49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £44.99  










Blue: All Rise: Our Story













	Antony Costa, Duncan James...




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  


Next page












1-16 of 44,448 results for Books : Biography : Film, Television & Music



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date




















Best Sellerin Film BiographiesWishful Drinking2 Feb 2012by Carrie FisherKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£5.59PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.50	
(35 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD, CD-ROM
4.1 out of 5 stars
112See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBelieve Me: A Memoir of Love, Death and Jazz Chickens15 Jun 2017by Eddie IzzardHardcover£9.50PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.92	
(23 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.3 out of 5 stars
32Best Sellerin Pink FloydPink Floyd: Their Mortal Remains13 May 2017by Victoria Broackes and Anna Landreth StrongHardcover£26.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£21.67	
(46 used & new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
16Uncommon People: The Rise and Fall of the Rock Stars 1955-199418 May 2017by David HepworthHardcover£13.60PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.91	
(23 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.6 out of 5 stars
30Best Sellerin Animal RightsFingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir6 Apr 2017by Chris PackhamPaperback£4.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.56	
(35 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.49Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download
4.6 out of 5 stars
326Not Dead Yet: The Autobiography20 Oct 2016by Phil CollinsKindle Edition£4.99Paperback£3.85PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.50	
(45 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
301See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin DanceThe Maddie Diaries: My Story7 Mar 2017by Maddie ZieglerHardcover£7.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£4.14	
(29 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£6.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.7 out of 5 stars
54Set the Boy Free1 Jun 2017by Johnny MarrPaperback£3.85PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.91	
(38 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£4.99Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download
4.4 out of 5 stars
134The KLF: Chaos, Magic and the Band who Burned a Million Pounds26 Sep 2013by John HiggsKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£10.68PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£4.64	
(47 used & new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
122See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin History of Performing ArtsHamilton: The Revolution6 Oct 2016by Lin-Manuel Miranda and Jeremy McCarterHardcover£20.40PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£14.60	
(26 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£14.99Other Formats:Audio Download, Audio CD
4.8 out of 5 stars
79Best Sellerin Biographies of Pop MusiciansThe Hacienda: How Not to Run a Club1 Oct 2009by Peter HookKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£6.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.43	
(47 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
105See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Opera MusicShockaholic10 Nov 2011by Carrie FisherKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£7.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£1.20	
(30 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.3 out of 5 stars
20See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsThe Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room, the Greatest Bad Movie Ever Made18 Jun 2015by Greg Sestero and Tom BissellPaperback£4.84	
(24 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.99Other Formats:Paperback, Hardcover, MP3 CD
4.9 out of 5 stars
88Best Sellerin History of MusicA History of Heavy Metal13 Jul 2017by Andrew O'NeillPaperback£10.49PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.65	
(27 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£7.49Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.9 out of 5 stars
9Best Sellerin German Historical BiographiesMosquito to Berlin: Story of ‘Bertie’ Boulter DFC, One of Bennett’s Pathfinders: Story of 'Bertie' Boulter DFC, One of Bennett's Pathfinders22 Jun 2014by Peter Bodle FRAeSKindle Edition£0.99Hardcover£22.29	
(7 used & new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
5See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Palaces, Chateaux & Country HousesThe Unfinished Palazzo: Life, Love and Art in Venice1 Jun 2017by Judith MackrellHardcover£15.96PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£10.25	
(20 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£14.39
4.6 out of 5 stars
5

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
75
 
Next Page


















Sponsored Links
(What is this?)








Ad feedback










Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results forNew ArrivalsLast 30 days
                                        (190)
                                    Last 90 days
                                        (610)
                                    Next 90 days
                                        (266)
                                    
                                Books
                                BiographyFilm, Television & MusicActors & Actresses
                                        (12,099)
                                    Film Directors
                                        (697)
                                    Music
                                        (28,674)
                                    Radio Performers
                                        (1,029)
                                    Television Performers
                                        (274)
                                    Theatre Performers
                                        (4,287)
                                    Refine byFormatHardcover
                                        (19,081)
                                    Paperback
                                        (25,378)
                                    Audiobooks
                                        (1,835)
                                    Kindle Books
                                        (11,562)
                                    AuthorCarrie Fisher
                            (3)
                        Peter Hook
                            (4)
                        Eddie Izzard
                            (1)
                        Phil Collins
                            (2)
                        Chris Packham
                            (1)
                        Greg Sestero
                            (1)
                        Tom Bissell
                            (1)
                        See moreLanguageEnglish
                            (41,353)
                        French
                            (139)
                        German
                            (243)
                        Italian
                            (46)
                        Spanish
                            (331)
                        See moreGlobal Store
Delivery Option
(What's this?)
Free UK Delivery by AmazonAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up
                    (14,217)
                3 Stars & Up & Up
                    (16,708)
                2 Stars & Up & Up
                    (17,418)
                1 Star & Up & Up
                    (17,858)
                PriceUnder £5
                                        (16,564)
                                    £5 - £10
                                        (8,140)
                                    £10 - £20
                                        (9,090)
                                    £20 - £50
                                        (5,450)
                                    Over £50
                                        (2,267)
                                    ££GoInternational Shipping
(What's this?)
AmazonGlobal EligibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.











 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.












Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.co.uk: Music - Film, Television & Music: Books: General AAS, Rock & Pop, Opera, Classical Music, Jazz & More













 




































Amazon.co.uk




    Try Prime
  


















Musician Biographies



Musician Biographies
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Pantry
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Apps & Games
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
CDs & Vinyl
Classical Music
Clothing
Computers & Accessories
Digital Music 
DIY & Tools
DVD & Blu-ray
Electronics & Photo
Fashion
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery
Handmade
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Large Appliances
Lighting
LOVEFiLM by Post
Luggage
Luxury Beauty
Musical Instruments & DJ
PC & Video Games
Pet Supplies
Shoes & Bags
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Supplies
Toys & Games
VHS
Watches





Go

















Shop byDepartment





Hello. Sign inYour AccountTryPrimeYourLists Basket0






Your Amazon.co.ukToday's DealsGift Cards & Top UpSellHelp






Books Advanced Search Best Sellers Top New Releases Deals in Books School Books Textbooks Books Outlet Children's Books Calendars & Diaries





















































































Best sellers




Previous page






What does this button do?













	Bruce Dickinson




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









Confessions of an Undercover Cop


Ash Cameron

		Kindle Edition
	



69



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The Hacienda: How Not to Run a Club


Peter Hook

		Kindle Edition
	



105



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Shockaholic


Carrie Fisher

		Kindle Edition
	



21



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








White Line Fever: Lemmy: The...













	Lemmy Kilmister




	
		Kindle Edition
	



238



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








Unknown Pleasures: Inside Joy Division


Peter Hook

		Kindle Edition
	



92



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








The KLF: Chaos, Magic and the Band...


John Higgs

		Kindle Edition
	



122



£10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £0.99  








My War Gone By, I Miss It So


Anthony Loyd

		Kindle Edition
	



38



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.79  








Mosquito to Berlin: Story of 'Bertie...


Peter Bodle

		Kindle Edition
	



5



£0.99  








Set the Boy Free


Johnny Marr

		Paperback
	



134



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Fingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir


Chris Packham

		Paperback
	



327



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £4.00  









Not Dead Yet: The Autobiography


Phil Collins

		Paperback
	



303



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Pink Floyd: Their Mortal Remains













	Victoria Broackes, Anna Landreth Strong




	
		Hardcover
	



16



£40.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £26.00  









Byrds: Requiem for the Timeless...


Johnny Rogan

		Hardcover
	

£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £20.40  









The Unfinished Palazzo: Life, Love...


Judith Mackrell

		Hardcover
	



5



£19.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £15.96  









Typhoon Pilot


Desmond Scott

		Kindle Edition
	



17



£0.99  








The Nemesis File - The True Story of...


Paul Bruce

		Kindle Edition
	



141



£7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.79  








Scar Tissue


Larry Sloman, Anthony Kiedis

		Paperback
	



218



£10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.69  









Uncommon People: The Rise and Fall of...


David Hepworth

		Hardcover
	



31



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.60  









Long Way Back













	Charley Boorman, AA Publishing




	
		Hardcover
	



26



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  



Next page













Most wished for




Previous page






Our World


Little Mix

		Hardcover
	



79



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.49  









Ed Sheeran - Divide and Conquer


David Nolan

		Paperback
	



2



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Just Kids


Patti Smith

		Paperback
	



202



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  









Adele













	Sean Smith




	
		Paperback
	



15



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £3.85  









Art Sex Music


Cosey Fanni Tutti

		Paperback
	



13



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £10.49  









Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music...


Viv Albertine

		Paperback
	



344



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









From Cradle to Stage: Stories from...


Virginia Hanlon Grohl

		Hardcover
	



11



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £16.00  









Rod: The Autobiography


Rod Stewart

		Paperback
	



1,179



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.99  









Porcelain


Moby

		Paperback
	



50



£9.98  









I'm Not with the Band: A Writer's...













	Sylvia Patterson




	
		Paperback
	



42



£9.99  









This Is The Noise That Keeps Me Awake













	Garbage, Jason Cohen




	
		Hardcover
	

£34.95  









Bedsit Disco Queen: How I grew up and...


Tracey Thorn

		Paperback
	



168



£8.99  









Autobiography (Penguin Modern Classics)


Morrissey

		Paperback
	



593



£9.98  









Why Beethoven Threw the Stew: And...


Steven Isserlis

		Paperback
	



17



£6.99  









Over the Top and Back: The Autobiography


Tom Jones

		Hardcover
	



388











Le Freak: An Upside Down Story of...


Nile Rodgers

		Paperback
	



139



£9.98  









Zayn: The Official Autobiography


Zayn Malik

		Hardcover
	



54



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £5.00  









This Is a Call: The Life and Times of...


Paul Brannigan

		Paperback
	



85



£8.99  









Shawn Mendes: the Ultimate Fan Book


Malcolm Croft

		Hardcover
	

£7.99  









Mozart: The Man Revealed


John Suchet

		Hardcover
	



53



£25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £19.99  



Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






Feel Good 101: The Outsiders' Guide...













	Emma Blackery




	
		Hardcover
	

£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £12.75  









Substance: Inside New Order













	Peter Hook




	
		Paperback
	



36



£10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.69  









It's So Easy : The Autobiography


Duff McKagan

		Paperback
	



147



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









Unti Bruce Dickinson


Bruce Dickinson

		Hardcover
	









Born to Run


Bruce Springsteen

		Kindle Edition
	



387



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








Dispatches: Picador Classic


Michael Herr, Varduhi Varderesyan

		Paperback
	



119



£9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.98  









The Most Beautiful: My Life With Prince


Mayte Garcia

		Kindle Edition
	



75



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £1.99  








Sas Operation Bulbasket


Paul McCue

		Kindle Edition
	



31



£12.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.64  








Fearless: The Making of Post-Rock













	Jeanette Leech




	
		Paperback
	

£14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.45  









Runnin' with the Devil: A Backstage...













	Noel Monk, Joe Layden




	
		Hardcover
	



3



£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £15.90  









A Perfect Union of Contrary Things













	Sarah Jensen, Maynard James




	
		Hardcover
	



9



£19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £16.58  









Slash: The Autobiography













	Slash, Anthony Bozza




	
		Paperback
	



198











Life: Keith Richards


Keith Richards

		Paperback
	



499



£8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £6.99  









I Wasn't Born Bulletproof: Lessons...













	Maci Bookout




	
		Hardcover
	

£14.50  









Can I Say: Living Large, Cheating...


Gavin Edwards, Travis Barker

		Paperback
	



54



£9.99  









Kurt Cobain: Journals


Kurt Cobain

		Paperback
	



107



£16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £14.88  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Grant & I: Inside And Outside The...













	Robert Forster




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£7.47  








Marc Bolan: Beautiful Dreamer













	John Bramley




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









America 51: A Probe into the...


Corey Taylor

		Hardcover
	

£19.96  









Can't Stand Up For Falling Down...













	Allan Jones




	
		Paperback
	

£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £13.48  









The Rolling Stones: On Air in the...


The Rolling Stones, Richard Havers

		Hardcover
	

£30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £25.50  









Me. You. A Diary













	Dawn French




	
		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









Reveal: Robbie Williams


Chris Heath

		Kindle Edition
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £8.96  








Prince: A Private View













	Afshin Shahidi




	
		Hardcover
	

£26.84  









Turn Up the Strobe













	Ian Shirley




	
		Paperback
	

£14.99  









Do You Mr Jones?: Bob Dylan with the...













	Neil Corcoran




	
		Paperback
	



2



£9.99  









George Michael


David Nolan

		Hardcover
	

£20.00  









A History of Heavy Metal


Andrew O'Neill

		Kindle Edition
	



9



£14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.49  








David Bowie: A Life


Dylan Jones

		Kindle Edition
	

£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








Gold Dust Woman: The Biography of...













	Stephen Davis




	
		Hardcover
	

£21.33  









Liner Notes On Parents, Children...


Loudon Wainwright III

		Hardcover
	

£20.95  









Lucky Man: The Autobiography


Greg Lake

		Kindle Edition
	



14



£20.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £9.99  








Elvis the Legend


Gillian G. Gaar

		Hardcover
	

£25.00  









Sinatra: The Chairman


James Kaplan

		Paperback
	



30



£12.99  









Paul Kossoff: All Right Now: The...













	J. P. James




	
		Hardcover
	

£49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £44.99  










Blue: All Rise: Our Story













	Antony Costa, Duncan James...




	
		Kindle Edition
	

£18.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        £7.99  


Next page












1-16 of 29,362 results for Books : Biography : Film, Television & Music : Music



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date




















Best Sellerin Pink FloydPink Floyd: Their Mortal Remains13 May 2017by Victoria Broackes and Anna Landreth StrongHardcover£26.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£21.67	
(46 used & new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
16Uncommon People: The Rise and Fall of the Rock Stars 1955-199418 May 2017by David HepworthHardcover£13.60PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.91	
(23 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.6 out of 5 stars
30Best Sellerin Animal RightsFingers in the Sparkle Jar: A Memoir6 Apr 2017by Chris PackhamPaperback£4.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.56	
(35 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.49Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download
4.6 out of 5 stars
326Not Dead Yet: The Autobiography20 Oct 2016by Phil CollinsKindle Edition£4.99Paperback£3.85PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.50	
(45 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
301See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsSet the Boy Free1 Jun 2017by Johnny MarrPaperback£3.85PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.91	
(38 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£4.99Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download
4.4 out of 5 stars
134The KLF: Chaos, Magic and the Band who Burned a Million Pounds26 Sep 2013by John HiggsKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£10.68PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£4.64	
(47 used & new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
122See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Biographies of Pop MusiciansThe Hacienda: How Not to Run a Club1 Oct 2009by Peter HookKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£6.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£2.43	
(47 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
105See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Opera MusicShockaholic10 Nov 2011by Carrie FisherKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£7.99PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£1.20	
(30 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.3 out of 5 stars
20See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin History of MusicA History of Heavy Metal13 Jul 2017by Andrew O'NeillPaperback£10.49PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£7.65	
(27 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£7.49Other Formats:Paperback, Audio Download
4.9 out of 5 stars
9Best Sellerin German Historical BiographiesMosquito to Berlin: Story of ‘Bertie’ Boulter DFC, One of Bennett’s Pathfinders: Story of 'Bertie' Boulter DFC, One of Bennett's Pathfinders22 Jun 2014by Peter Bodle FRAeSKindle Edition£0.99Hardcover£22.29	
(7 used & new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
5See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsBest Sellerin Palaces, Chateaux & Country HousesThe Unfinished Palazzo: Life, Love and Art in Venice1 Jun 2017by Judith MackrellHardcover£15.96PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£10.25	
(20 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£14.39
4.6 out of 5 stars
5Lucky Man: The Autobiography29 Jun 2017by Greg LakeHardcover£20.00PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£8.18	
(17 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£9.99Other Formats:Paperback
4.1 out of 5 stars
14Best Sellerin Media StudiesAnd I Don't Want to Live This Life: A Mother's Story of Her Daughter's Murder12 Oct 2011by Deborah SpungenKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£12.31PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryOnly 8 left in stock - order soon.More buying choices£5.83	
(41 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover
4.7 out of 5 stars
69See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsUnknown Pleasures: Inside Joy Division25 Apr 2013by Peter HookKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£9.98PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryOnly 12 left in stock - order soon.More buying choices£3.69	
(29 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Audio Download, Audio CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
92See Details£1 AV Reward See DetailsLong Way Back1 May 2017by Charley Boorman and AA PublishingHardcover£5.99PrimeGet it by Wednesday, Aug 2Eligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£4.99	
(25 used & new offers)Kindle Edition£5.69Other Formats:Paperback
4.6 out of 5 stars
26Best Sellerin Regional U.K. BiographiesWhite Line Fever: Lemmy: The Autobiography8 Jun 2012by Lemmy KilmisterKindle Edition£0.99Paperback£9.98PrimeEligible for FREE UK DeliveryMore buying choices£3.62	
(33 used & new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover
4.5 out of 5 stars
238See Details£1 AV Reward See Details

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
75
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results forNew ArrivalsLast 30 days
                                        (131)
                                    Last 90 days
                                        (398)
                                    Next 90 days
                                        (213)
                                    
                                Books
                                Biography
                                Film, Television & MusicMusicBlues
                                        (1,157)
                                    Classical Music
                                        (2,951)
                                    Heavy Metal
                                        (342)
                                    Jazz
                                        (1,607)
                                    Opera
                                        (6,828)
                                    Rap & Hip-Hop
                                        (670)
                                    Rock & Pop
                                        (8,898)
                                    Soul
                                        (299)
                                    Refine byFormatHardcover
                                        (11,727)
                                    Paperback
                                        (16,135)
                                    Audiobooks
                                        (1,087)
                                    Kindle Books
                                        (8,687)
                                    AuthorPeter Hook
                            (5)
                        Carrie Fisher
                            (1)
                        Phil Collins
                            (3)
                        Chris Packham
                            (1)
                        Victoria Broackes
                            (1)
                        Mayte Garcia
                            (1)
                        David Hepworth
                            (2)
                        See moreLanguageEnglish
                            (26,706)
                        French
                            (80)
                        German
                            (147)
                        Italian
                            (29)
                        Spanish
                            (229)
                        See moreGlobal Store
Delivery Option
(What's this?)
Free UK Delivery by AmazonAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up
                    (9,873)
                3 Stars & Up & Up
                    (11,629)
                2 Stars & Up & Up
                    (12,112)
                1 Star & Up & Up
                    (12,434)
                PriceUnder £5
                                        (11,213)
                                    £5 - £10
                                        (5,737)
                                    £10 - £20
                                        (5,834)
                                    £20 - £50
                                        (3,417)
                                    Over £50
                                        (1,474)
                                    ££GoInternational Shipping
(What's this?)
AmazonGlobal EligibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.











 Unlimited One-Day Delivery and more 
 Prime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, two million songs and much more. 

      >
      Get Started








There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.












Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout UsUK Modern Slavery StatementMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessAssociates ProgrammeFulfilment by AmazonAdvertise Your ProductsIndependently Publish with UsAmazon PayBecome an Amazon Vendor›See allAmazon Payment MethodsAmazon Platinum MastercardAmazon Money StoreGift CardsAmazon Currency ConverterPayment Methods HelpShop with PointsTop Up Your AccountLet Us Help YouTrack Packages or View OrdersDelivery Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon Mobile AppAmazon AssistantHelp

AustraliaBrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsSpainUnited States

Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

AbeBooks Books, art & collectables

ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Amazon BuyVIP The European Shopping Club

 

Amazon Tickets Music, Theatre & Comedy

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

 

DPReview Digital Photography

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy

Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys

 

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products

LOVEFiLM DVD & Blu-ray To Rent By Post

Amazon Business Service for business customers


Conditions of Use & SalePrivacy NoticeCookies & Internet Advertising© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








