

	FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. Trademark of FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.. Serial Number: 85340669 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.










 
Get FREE email alerts













FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.  Trademark Information
 FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.
Investment advisory services; investment management; securities trading and investment services for others; individual retirement account services; operation and management of mutual funds and other collective investment vehicles




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services   investment   management   securities   trading   investment   services   individual   retirement   account   services   operation   management   mutual   funds   collective   investment   vehicles    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark by FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. 
                                in Bloomfield Hills, MI, 48302.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. of the FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, June 08, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. by 
                        FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD., Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302.
                        The USPTO has given the FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. 
                        trademark serial  number of  85340669.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. is 
                        
                        
                                            ADRIENNE L. WHITE of 
                                            WRB-IP LLP,  PO BOX 476, WADSWORTH, OH 44282-0476 
                                .
                            The FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. 
                            is Investment advisory services; investment management; securities trading and investment services for others; individual retirement account services; operation and management of mutual funds and other collective investment vehicles. 
                            





Word mark:
 FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

8/7/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: August 7, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85340669


  Filing Date:  
6/8/2011


 Registration Number:  
4185150 


 Registration Date:  
8/7/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Investment advisory services; investment management; securities trading and investment services for others; individual retirement account services; operation and management of mutual funds and other collective investment vehicles


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/22/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD.Bloomfield Hills, MI  48302
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INVESTMENTS, LTD.")


 Correspondent:


ADRIENNE L. WHITE
WRB-IP LLP
PO BOX 476
WADSWORTH, OH 44282-0476






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/28/1981


First Use In Commerce: 
2/28/1981





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/7/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ADRIENNE L. WHITE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search flexibleplaninvestme on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, ... 




FLEXIBLE PLAN INVESTMENTS, LTD. is providing Investment advisory services; investment management; securities trading and investment services for others; individual retirement account services; operation and management of mutual funds and other collective investment vehicles.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:33 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals. It also manages accounts for pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, and not-for-profit organizations. The firm manages mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. Flexible Plan Investments was founded in February 1981 and is based in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.


3883 Telegraph RoadSuite 100Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302United StatesFounded in 1981



Phone: 248-642-6640

Fax: 248-642-6741

www.flexibleplan.com







Key Executives for Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd




Mr. Jerry Charles Wagner J.D.


      	Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Director
      








Mr. David A. White


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 62
        







Ms. Renée Marie Toth


      	Executive Vice President and Vice President, Fund Relations
      


Age: 62
        







Ms. Christine Grace Einkorn


      	Corporate Secretary and Office Manager
      








Mr. John Joseph Iseman J.D.


      	Corporate Counsel
      


Age: 74
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd Key Developments

Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd Appoints David White as Chief Financial Officer
Feb 29 16
Flexible Plan Investments Ltd. announced that David White has joined the firm as chief financial officer (CFO). Mr. White will step in for Phil Szurek, who is retiring after occupying the role for 15 years at the firm. Mr.  White will be responsible for managing Flexible Plan’s financial operations, keeping accounting records, and preparing financial statements. Prior to joining Flexible Plan, Mr. White was CFO and counsel for Allied Moulded Products Inc. and The Ohio Art Company. In those roles, he performed the accounting function and managed the HR and IT teams. He has also served as vice president, general counsel and secretary of Harvard Industries Inc. and tax manager for Ernst & Young. Mr.  White holds a bachelor’s degree from Miami University and a law degree from the University of Toledo, College of Law. Mr. White holds an active Ohio law license and an inactive CPA license.


Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd Launches The Quantified STF Fund
Nov 16 15
Flexible Plan Investments Ltd. has launched The Quantified STF Fund (QSTFX). The mutual fund seeks high appreciation on an annual basis consistent with a high tolerance for risk. The Quantified STF Fund follows the other four Quantified funds, which are derived from successful separately managed account strategies advised by Flexible Plan. Self-adjusting Trend Following (the STF strategy) follows easily identifiable market trends, with a proprietary rule set that seeks to take advantage of both up or down market trends. Flexible Plan uses the STF strategy to allocate Fund assets among long and short equity-related investments and long fixed income–related investments. Because the market risk exposure of the STF strategy is solely based on the price action of the NASDAQ 100 Index, the STF strategy aims to outperform the NASDAQ 100 Index over the long term with less downside risk.


Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. Announces Executive Appointments
Oct 8 15
Flexible Plan Investments Ltd. announce that Karyn Stano and Chris Bobcean have joined the firm in an effort to expand the marketing team. They will both be fulfilling newly created positions, Ms. Stano as Chief Marketing Officer and Mr. Bobcean as Director of Digital Marketing. Ms. Stano will be responsible for identifying and prioritizing marketing opportunities, promoting the FPI brand strategy, and working closely with the sales team on the growth of the business. Mr. Bobcean will focus on the growth of the firm's digital marketing efforts, including social media strategies and integrated marketing campaigns. Prior to FPI, the last few years of Ms. Stano career were spent with the Quicken Loans as a marketing strategist. Mr. Bobcean will provide the FPI marketing team with access and insight into a broad array of digital marketing channels further increasing the firm's ability to communicate with financial advisors and their clients. Over his career, he has worked with many subject matter experts in the digital marketing field and has supported The Lincoln Motor Company, General Motors, ACDelco, The Detroit Red Wings, BankRate, and ESPN.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd, please visit www.flexibleplan.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Flexible Plan Investments Ltd., Active Investment Management Services
























Contact Us




Market Hotline




Disclosure/Privacy Notice




Terms & Conditions














RSM Map














Overview




Representative Service Guide




OnTarget Investing




Services    




Strategies    




Custodians    














Doing Business Information




Register with Flexible Plan














Contact Us




Disclosures/Privacy Notice




Terms & Conditions














Strategic Advantage 401k














Managed Solutions




Group
                                    Retirement Plans   














Strategic Solutions (TCA)



Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. ("Schwab")













Fusion




Market Leaders




Principled Investing




Diversified Bonds




Tactical Equity




Dynamic Fund Profiles




Lifetime Evolution




Select Alternatives





















































You are not logged in



Login  



To thank Flexible Plan employees for their hard work and dedication, our office will close at 4 p.m. on Fridays through September 1 to allow our staff to enjoy more of Michigan’s great summer. 




 
 






                            Username:                         

                              



                            Password:                         


                           Password Tips 


                         


                         




		
                                * If you cannot remember your password, enter your username above and
                                click here
                                 to have a new password emailed to ALL of your registered email accounts. Or, you may contact us at (800) 347-3539 x2 .
	 




After logging in, you can access valuable tools, education and resources to help build your practice while offering your clients cutting-edge
risk-management solutions. Everything you need to start generating proposals and opening accounts immediately.

Comprehensive historical market analysis
Detailed model performance reports****
Illustrated portfolio optimization
Firmwide GIPS-verified reports
Strategy fact sheets and performance
Investment management agreement
Proposal generation
New client enrollment
Investment strategy changes
Client balances and statements
Targeted 401(k) plan data
Marketing materials
Backoffice support staff

**** Model Accounts not available for prospective advisors.


 Copyright © 2012 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. All rights reserved














OnTarget Investing




























HOME|

ABOUT US|

CONTACT US|

LOGIN





























                Ph: 248-642-6640  Outside Metro Detroit: 800-347-3539   Fax: 248-642-6741
            
























                                                        Investing, when done well, is a full-time job with a defined process that must be
                                                        initiated, monitored and executed if you are going to attain your targeted success.
                                                        

                                                        OnTarget Investing means you don't have to learn and manage a second job as
                                                        an investment professional. It means you have more free time - your time - to spend
                                                        with loved ones, enjoy retirement or to take that well-deserved vacation.
                                                        

                                                        Inspired by over 25 years of investment management experience with tens of thousands
                                                        of investors and their financial professionals, through the use of 21st century
                                                        technology and diverse investment products, technology and diverse investment products.

                                                        OnTarget Investing is not a product. It’s a process — a process for defining
                                                        what successful investing means to you and for monitoring that journey to your ultimate
                                                        target

Disclosures





 







Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. is an independent investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Flexible Plan claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®).
          To receive a list of composite descriptions of Flexible Plan strategies and/or a compliant presentation, contact sales@flexibleplan.com or call (800) 347-3539


 
 
 














Interested?








Learn about OnTarget 
                                                                                    Investing Brochure

Take the OnTarget Quiz

Quantified Funds

Market Hotline











                                                     
                                                



























                                        © 2013 OnTarget Investing. All Rights Reserved
                                    






















	Partner with us | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.



































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us












FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS ONLY



Get your password






First name:

*




Email:

*
Email must be valid.




Last name:

*




Phone:

*
Telephone Must be Valid.




User Name (one word):

*




Broker/Dealer:

*



Register now No obligation




Gain access to:

Educational webinars
Whitepapers library
Decades of research
Portfolio models
Strategy details
Online forms
Client balances/statements
Targeted 401(k) data
Backoffice support staff









Increase your advisory income
by up to 400%

We have the tools to get you there
After logging in, you can access valuable tools, education and resources to help build your practice while offering your clients cutting-edge risk-management solutions. Everything you need to start generating proposals and opening accounts immediately.



Look what's behind the password





Decades of research

Over 80 years of professional market analysis experience.

Comprehensive historical market analysis
Detailed model performance reports
Illustrated portfolio optimization
GIPS composite performance reports





Create portfolio models

Use the illustration generator to build portfolios customized to your clients’ detailed suitability and investment objectives




View strategy details

 
Available strategy fact sheets with methodology descriptions, comprehensive historical performance over custom time periods, drawdown analysis, month by month returns, and more.




Time-saving online forms

Easily complete our investment management agreement, proposal generation, new client enrollment, and investment strategy changes.




Client balances and
statements

Entire client management resources with access to client account statements and OnTarget reports to manage client investment expectations.




Targeted 401(k) plan data

Tools to prospect the 401(k) market effectively including a 401(k) sales prospecting kit and sortable file of 401(k) plan sponsor data by ZIP code.




Marketing materials

Library of marketing materials and resources to help you grow your business and educate clients on active management and the importance of strategic diversification.




Backoffice support staff

Dedicated support team of portfolio managers, researchers, traders, and client services specialists to help you manage and grow your business.




Build fee-based

Brokers can add their own management fee. And as your clients’ assets grow, so does your compensation.




Get your password
Register now
No obligation
























About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd



















Flexible Plan Investments Ltd Inc                                                                                        - Bloomfield Hills                                  , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



Bloomfield Hills



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Flexible Plan Investments Ltd Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Flexible Plan Investments Ltd Inc                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3883 TELEGRAPH RD STE 100 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, MI 48302
Get Directions



(248) 642-6640
www.flexibleplan.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated MI
 Annual Revenue $20,606,505.00
 Employee Count 75
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Jerry C Wagner                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1981 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. | Accreditation


















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.



Submit a Review

































Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.






            Business Information
        






(248) 642-6640

Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.
36 years in business

        3883 Telegraph Road, Ste. 100
        Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
    








                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (248) 642-6741
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 347-3539
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 08/11/1988
            

                Business Started: 02/01/1981








            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            








 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.
            










NR




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 










	Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. | 35 years of preserving & growing wealth through dynamic risk management









































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now


















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us




















Previous

WHITE PAPER

Bull, Bear, and Sideways markets
Download white paper

Learn about tri-state market classification and the basis for evaluating multiple active investment strategies within a single portfolio.




Next
 










VIEW THE MARKET HOTLINE NEWSLETTER

In My Opinion featuring Jerry Wagner
What's Happening at FPI
Gold Bullion Strategy Fund
Quantified Funds
Gold Nugget
Market Hotline >>ACTIVE MANAGEMENT DAILY UPDATE


















Celebrating over 35 years of preserving & growing wealth through risk-managed investment solutions

Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management.
We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies
within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within
equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to
help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...










Custom client portfolios



We custom fit the investment solution to the client. We don’t force clients into investment vehicles that may not fit their lifestyle or timeline.
Working with advisors, we establish an investor’s personal benchmark to set expectations and measure progress towards each investor’s goal.
We then build a strategically diversified portfolio designed to reach that benchmark and react to future market conditions.

 
 




Separately managed accounts



We provide plan core fiduciary services, model portfolios and active management of participant retirement plan accounts custodied on various platforms.

401(k)
403(b) (Fidelity, TIAA)
PCRA
Profit Sharing
Solo-K/Uni-K
Managed participant accounts
QDIA investments
Core fiduciary services and fund selections for self-directing participants 

 

Managed retirement programs
 




Where we can manage



Flexible Plan has management agreements with most popular investment platforms.














ADVISOR RESOURCES
White paper library



Bucket investing with risk-managed portfolios
The essence of the bucket approach is to divide a client’s portfolio assets into several pools, or “buckets,” each with different planned goals, needs, or time horizons, and then design a separate asset allocation policy for each “bucket.”

Download white paper 


Why we manage for risk and not just reward:
We play defense first and offense second to try to win the game

As an active money manager offering 100+ strategies for separately managed client accounts, we believe that risk management is the most important ingredient for investment success. While Wall Street talks about diversifying asset classes to manage risk, we add active management and strategic diversification to our defensive toolbox to combat market volatility.

Download white paper 


Buy and Hope vs Active Management 
When running the investment gauntlet, there are two choices. Recently I came to the realization that from my clients’ point of view, there are at least two choices of buy and hold strategies. The first we call Buy and Hope investing—acquiring a portfolio of stocks, bonds or mutual funds and then passively holding on to them through all the vicissitudes of the market. The other is committing to an actively managed account run by a professional advisor. Both require a long-term commitment to work. Let’s see how they differ to help you determine: “Which type of Buy and Hold investor would you rather be?”

Download white paper 
Want to view other white papers and resources on Active Management? Check out our Knowledge Center >>

 











SUB-ADVISED MUTUAL FUNDS

Frequent trading without high commissions
FPI has been selected to subadvise a family of actively managed mutual funds. These Funds seek to generate high appreciation on an annual basis consistent with a high tolerance for risk. The structure of the funds is more flexible and less expensive, with the ability to access a wider array of trading strategies and financial instruments for our investors.



See daily fund holdings










FOR FINANCIAL ADVISORS



Find your regional business consultant




Search by ZIP Code:


Invalid ZIP code format












Advisor tools
Unleash your advisory practice potential and get your password today.

Register now
No obligation














Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. Flexible  Plan Investments, Ltd. is a federally registered independent investment adviser.
Flexible Plan claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS).
To receive a list of composite descriptions of Flexible Plan strategies and/or a compliant presentation, contact sales@flexibleplan.com or call 800-347-3539. 
















About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd























Flexible Plan Investments Ltd., Active Investment Management Services
























Contact Us




Market Hotline




Disclosure/Privacy Notice




Terms & Conditions














RSM Map














Overview




Representative Service Guide




OnTarget Investing




Services    




Strategies    




Custodians    














Doing Business Information




Register with Flexible Plan














Contact Us




Disclosures/Privacy Notice




Terms & Conditions














Strategic Advantage 401k














Managed Solutions




Group
                                    Retirement Plans   














Strategic Solutions (TCA)



Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. ("Schwab")













Fusion




Market Leaders




Principled Investing




Diversified Bonds




Tactical Equity




Dynamic Fund Profiles




Lifetime Evolution




Select Alternatives




















































You are not logged in


 Reporting Your Progress to the Target.
    Evaluating the progress of each account is a crucial OnTarget component. Each quarter you and your clients will receive an OnTarget Progress Report so you know where we are in meeting expectations.  A special summary report is also made available to plan sponsors.

    The heart of OnTarget Investing is the OnTarget Monitor.  Using the power of Monte Carlo analysis, Flexible plan uses the historical research performance of each client’s strategy or portfolio of strategies (in the same proportion owned by the client) to project probability-based outcomes.  Not only is this useful in setting and sustaining client expectations, but our portfolio managers use it internally to continually monitor the success of each strategy.


Click here to visit the OnTarget Investing Website




 It’s Easy - It’s Almost Effortless

        You provide us with a completed one-page suitability questionnaire from your client and a copy of the client’s fund or VA statement and we’ll provide you with an OnTarget proposal and a near-signature-ready investment management agreement to get you and your client started.











 

Inspired by over 25 years of investment management experience with tens of thousands of investors and their financial professionals, OnTarget Investing was born with a vision: to help investors reach their investment goals.   We do this by using feedback from the investor to set reasonable goals and then every quarter report performance in relation to those client goals, reinforcing the client expectations and proactively monitoring their portfolio for investment success.
OnTarget Investing is not a product. OnTarget Investing is a process - a process for defining what successful investing means to your client and for monitoring that journey to their ultimate investment target.

A Five-Step Process That Targets Client Success
Listening
Designing
Implementing
Managing 
Reporting
Listening 
        Client answers to our suitability questionnaire define their investment time horizon and risk tolerance so that we can mutually set reasonable expectations for their portfolio.

Designing Each Client's Solution.
        Using our proprietary software to marry traditional and alternative
investments with strategic and tactical strategies, we will design a solution that is consistent with the suitability information provided - to set appropriate expectations for your client’s investments.

Implementing the Targeted Investments.
        Prospective clients will receive an investment proposal describing the management approach, current allocation and investment expectation for each client.  Based on the expectations outlined in the investment proposal, we will allocate and continually manage their account.

Managing to the Target.
        Investment markets are dynamic, requiring continuous assessment to assure each account is OnTarget to reaching its owner’s goals. Our process applies multiple management approaches to reduce market risk.
Disclosures





 Copyright © 2012 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. All rights reserved












	What we do | Dynamic risk-managed investing, Strategic Diversification, Managing investor expectations
































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














what_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team







What we do






Dynamic risk-managed investing




Strategic diversification




Managing investor expectations





Multiple dynamic risk-managed 
strategies in a single account

FPI does not promote employing a single strategy based on but one investing methodology. Instead, FPI encourages combinations of multiple diverse strategies into a single account. This is known as  strategic diversification.




Solutions to
laydowns and drawdowns

Typically, every strategy on its own will suffer from two problems—lay down and draw down.
They can occur at different times and during different market environments




Laydown occurs when the strategy
is not producing returns or losses,
appearing stagnant.


Drawdown is the temporary loss
from a peak to a valley.


Strategic diversification is Flexible Plan’s proposed solution to these two common problems.


Learn more  >>

Diversification across
three dimensions

The Fusion engine synchronizes multiple
dynamically risk-managed strategies
and asset class indexes into a robust
strategically diversified portfolio customized
according to individual risk thresholds.




Institutional-like investing without the hassles

Flexible Plan Investments offers institutional-like investment strategies without the hassles: including leverage and inverse positioning without limited partnership structures, margin, illiquidity, high performance fees, lack of transparency, or short selling.














The more customized
you can be, the better
you can serve
investor expectations
Schedule a meeting





































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	About | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach



















Investment strategies and
services to help advisors earn and
keep their clients’ trust




Flexible Plan Investments is a leading provider of investment risk management services. As a founding member of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), we are one of the trade association's largest and oldest active money managers. We strive to provide investors with competitive returns while working to reduce risk through the use of diversified investment products, cutting-edge technology and support services.

Referral agreements with approximately 600 financial firms

Early pioneers of individual managed accounts employing dynamic risk management
Focus on preserving and growing capital through a robust active management approach combined with risk management

Provides strategic diversification within a single client account at a low account minimum

Set, manage, and monitor investor expectations with OnTarget Investing
Flexible  Plan Investments, Ltd. is a federally registered independent investment adviser. Flexible Plan claims  compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). To receive a list of composite descriptions of Flexible Plan strategies and/or a compliant presentation, contact sales@flexibleplan.com or call 800-347-3539.





President
Jerry C. Wagner, Founder

Assets Under Management
$1,650,000,000+ as of 12/31/16

Inception Date
February 1, 1981

Headquarters
3883 Telegraph Rd, Suite 100
Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302





Dynamic risk-managed investment solutions since 1981



Flexible Plan Investments was founded by Jerry Wagner in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan in 1981. He anticipated technological innovations and combined his expertise in both investment analysis and software development to provide average investors the same management advantages previously available largely to high net worth investors.


Today, Flexible Plan Investments employs a full staff of researchers, portfolio managers, traders and support personnel dedicated to providing tools and services to help financial advisors earn and keep their clients’ trust.

The history of FPI  >>














Partner with us
Increase your advisory income by up to 400%
Get your password  >>


































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	Sales team | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.



































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us


















Regional Business Consultants


Search by ZIP Code:


Invalid ZIP code format



Vice President National Sales



FULL BIO


Len Durso
            412-225-4936 






Western Divisional Sales Manager



FULL BIO


Jeff Omdahl
            805-689-5276 







West




FULL BIO


John Hershock
                        949-422-4525 

                        Southern California






FULL BIO


Jordan Liabenow
                        248-939-5697 

                        Alaska, Hawaii, Kentucky, Michigan, Nebraska






FULL BIO


Juan Daviess
                        253-670-2015 

                        Northern California, Oregon, Washington






FULL BIO


Scott Key
                        303-660-2255 

                        Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, Utah






FULL BIO


Trent Schield
                        303-618-6000 






Midwest




FULL BIO


Jennifer Crouter
                        248-579-4660 

                        Alabama, Michigan, West Virginia






FULL BIO


Mark Pagoto
                        248-939-5700 

                        Indiana, Ohio






FULL BIO


Mike Brashier
                        651-338-5670 

                        Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin






FULL BIO


Paul Warholak
                        248-939-5701 

                        Idaho, Indiana, Michigan






FULL BIO


Shawn Mooney
                        269-470-5341 

                        Montana, Ohio






FULL BIO


Tim Brennan
                        636-299-7061 

                        Arkansas, Illinios, Kansas, Missouri, Tennessee




Northeast




FULL BIO


Bob Muldoon
                        703-625-1775 

                        District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, Virginia






FULL BIO


Dan Chrzanowski
                        716-391-8165 

                        New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania






FULL BIO


Mark Rogan
                        843-818-9157 

                        Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont




South




FULL BIO


Brandon Noronha
                        248-939-5693 

                        Florida, Michigan






FULL BIO


Joe Buffa
                        269-447-5337 

                        Florida, Kentucky






FULL BIO


Kyle O'Donnell
                        248-939-5695 

                        Northern Florida, Ohio






FULL BIO


Matt Knedgen
                        248-939-5694 

                        Florida, Ohio, Mississippi, Wyoming






FULL BIO


Vainy Gleveckas
                        773-230-2122 

                        North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia






FULL BIO


Van Leftwich
                        760-500-2593 

                        Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas
















About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd



















	Feb 18, 2014 - Bryan Franco joins Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. 

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach







Bryan Franco joins Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. as Portfolio Manager





For Immediate Release:
Contact:
Melissa Karas, Marketing Director
Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.
(800) 347-3539, ext. 173
mkaras@flexibleplan.com
portal.flexibleplan.com

Bryan Franco joins Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. as Portfolio Manager on the Trading and Research team 


Bloomfield Hills, MI – February 18, 2014 – Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd., a leading provider of dynamic risk-managed investment solutions, is pleased to announce that Bryan Franco, CFA, has joined the firm as Portfolio Manager. Mr. Franco will be responsible for reviewing new and existing strategies and modifications for tradability, feasibility and implementation.

“We are so fortunate to have Mr. Franco joining the firm,” offers President and CEO Jerry Wagner. “His wealth of knowledge in quantitative technical analysis and his deep background make him uniquely qualified to contribute to our Research Department efforts for years to come

“I am delighted that Flexible Plan Investments has welcomed me to their platform” says Mr. Franco. “How exciting it is to have industry-recognized thought leaders within a whisper’s distance of where I sit! They are all divergent thinkers, and I expect to learn a lot from them.”

“Mr. Franco comes to Flexible Plan from Oppenheimer & Co. in New York. While at Oppenheimer, he co-managed a globally-oriented hedge fund with the firm’s Chief Market Technician. He brings a unique perspective on the nature of price momentum and reversal signals, earnings quality, portfolio optimization, and quantitative portfolio management and research.

Mr. Franco holds a Bachelor’s and Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Michigan and is a member of the CFA Society of Detroit.




About Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.:

Established in 1981, Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. is a leading provider of investment risk management services. As a founding member of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), Flexible Plan Investments is one of the trade association’s largest and oldest active money managers. The company’s mission is to provide investors with competitive returns, while reducing risk through the use of diversified investment products, cutting-edge technology and support services.

































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	Feb 29, 2016 - David White Joins FPI as Chief Financial Officer
































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach











For Immediate Release:
Contact:
Melissa Karas, Marketing Director
Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.
(800) 347-3539, ext. 173
mkaras@flexibleplan.com
www.flexibleplan.com


David White joins Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd., as Chief Financial Officer





Bloomfield Hills, MI - Feb. 29, 2016 - Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd., a leading provider of active-investment-management solutions, announced that David White has joined the firm as chief financial officer (CFO). Mr. White will step in for Phil Szurek, who is retiring after occupying the role for 15 years at the firm. Mr. White will be responsible for managing Flexible Plan’s financial operations, keeping accounting records, and preparing financial statements.

“With a long background in both the law and accounting, we feel David is a fantastic addition to our growing staff,” said Jerry Wagner, founder and president of Flexible Plan Investments.


“I am delighted to be joining Flexible Plan Investments and am eager to work with Jerry and his team to provide outstanding investment solutions to Flexible Plan’s partners and clients,” added Mr. White.

Prior to joining Flexible Plan, Mr. White was CFO and counsel for Allied Moulded Products Inc. (a manufacturer of electrical enclosures) and The Ohio Art Company (makers of Etch A Sketch). In those roles, he performed the accounting function and managed the HR and IT teams. He has also served as vice president, general counsel and secretary of Harvard Industries Inc. (a tier-one supplier to automotive original equipment manufacturers) and tax manager for Ernst & Young.

Mr. White holds a bachelor’s degree from Miami University and a law degree from the University of Toledo, College of Law. Mr. White holds an active Ohio law license and an inactive CPA license.





About Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.:

Established in 1981, Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. invests $1.9 billion in assets for clients in its separately managed account business (as of 12/31/15). As a founding member of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), Flexible Plan, a turnkey asset management program (TAMP) provider, is one of the trade association’s largest and oldest active money managers. The company’s mission is to provide investors with competitive returns, while reducing risk through the use of dynamic risk management, strategic diversification, and cutting-edge technology and support services.  For more information, visit flexibleplan.com. 

































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	Aug 01, 2003 - Rethink Risk

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach











As seen in the August 2003 issue of Financial Planning magazine.
Rethink Risk
By: Jerry C. Wagner
 
Passive asset allocation simply isn't enough these days. Advisers should also consider dynamic diversification strategies
 



The bear market of the last three years has clearly shown the weakness of the primary tool used by the investment advisory industry  to manage risk — passive asset allocation. While it has its place as one method of risk control within  an investor’s portfolio, it is not the only method. Financial advisers owe it to their clients to understand alternative  methods of risk reduction and to be prepared to implement those tools when appropriate. They should now broaden their horizons and also consider  market timing,  dynamic  asset allocation, and strategic diversification.
Many planners may be using a passive asset allocation portfolio because it’s the only method they know to manage risk. Basically, they use historical statistics of return,  risk, and correlation to allocate a portfolio among  different asset classes or funds representing those asset classes. Once they make the initial allocation, these planners review the portfolio quarterly,  yearly or whenever they can drag the client back in for an appointment. They then reconsider  the allocations based on the investor’s circumstances and risk tolerance, make small changes and rebalance  the portfolio to the proper  percentage  allocations.
Passive asset allocation is risk management based on combining non-correlated asset classes to create a portfolio with risk lower than  the average risk of its component parts. Because it’s passive, it cannot  respond to evolving market conditions. By definition, it can only deliver mediocre  returns  (the  average return  of its component holdings). It takes almost  superhuman discipline, requiring  proponents not only to hold  on to investments that have already taken serious losses but also to sell portions of the top performers in order


to buy more of the losing investments. Last, it subscribes  to the almost  unamerican ethic that if you work less at your investing,  you’ll do better.
In real-life experience over the last five years, financial  professionals using passive asset allocation  have become  somewhat disillusioned. Returns seriously lagged during  the bull market, and then  adding  insult  to injury, losses were deeper than  expected during  the market  crash. Previously non-correlated asset classes were suddenly moving  in lockstep as prices collapsed.  The financial  press responded with front-page  stories speculating loudly  about  the “asset allocation hoax.” But there was no hoax, only a failure to understand that there is no holy grail approach to investing.
There are other  options, and market  timing, despite  being one of the most criticized terms in the lexicon of investing,  is one of them.  Many mutual funds  and variable annuities, consistent with their obvious  conflict of interest  on the sub- ject, denounce it. Yet it seems to be forever winning over converts. In a recent comprehensive study of the advisory industry, Financial  Research Corp. of Boston found  that active management was the fastest growing segment  of the financial adviser industry. The industry’s trade association, the Society of Asset Allocators and Fund Timers (SAAFTI), has grown from five firms in 1989  to hundreds today.
The promise  of market  timing  is, of course, to buy low and sell high. (Will Rogers, professing  to know the secret of market  timing,  said, “If it
don’t go up, don’t buy it.”) It differs dramatically from passive asset allocation in that it is not diversified and usually involves a 100%  in –
100%  out investment in the asset class with the highest  probability of advancing  based on the market  timer’s system or skill.
Still, the conventional wisdom  on the Street is that "studies show market timing  doesn't work."
Continued
 











  CONNECT  
Let's Work Together.





























Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	Executive team | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach







Executive Team










Jerry C. Wagner, J.D.
PRESIDENT AND FOUNDER




Jerry C. Wagner is Founder and President of Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. Formerly a tax and securities attorney, Mr. Wagner recognized early on that technology and hedge fund techniques could be applied to help individuals successfully invest, while managing their downside risk.  After spending time pioneering new techniques in market analysis, designing quantitative methodologies, and managing investment portfolios, Mr. Wagner founded Flexible Plan Investments in February 1981.


Mr. Wagner is also a founding member of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), a non-profit association of registered investment advisors who utilize dynamic or tactical asset allocation strategies to manage over $30 billion in assets invested in mutual funds, ETFs and annuities. Previously serving as Director, Chairman, President and Vice President, Mr. Wagner drafted the organization's Code of Ethics, was a co-author of their Performance Measurement Standards, and has chaired their Mutual Funds and Public Relations Committees.


With over 40 years’ experience in the industry, Mr. Wagner has written numerous articles and white papers on the merits of active investing, and has been featured in Financial Planning magazine, Financial Advisor Magazine, the Journal of Investing, and other financial publications.


Mr. Wagner received a BA in Political Science and an MBA in Industrial Relations from Michigan State University, and his JD from the University of Michigan. He is a member of the State Bar of Michigan.












Renée Toth
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT




Renée Toth, Executive Vice President of Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd., is a graduate of the University of Michigan, where she earned her Bachelor of Arts degree (1990).
Her responsibilities include oversight of all company Operations, Sales and Marketing efforts, as well as implementing trading strategies between the Research and Client Services Departments and maintaining service/trading guidelines among the over three dozen custodial platforms where Flexible Plan client assets are invested.


Since joining Flexible Plan in 1991, Ms. Toth has helped develop administrative systems and investment products with scores of mutual fund and insurance companies, trust companies, and qualified plan providers to promote a common ground in the active management industry. Ms. Toth has served on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), holding the offices of Director, Secretary, Vice President, President and Chairperson.












David White
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




David White is the chief financial officer (CFO) for Flexible Plan Investments. He will be responsible for managing Flexible Plan’s financial operations, accounting record keeping, and preparing financial statements. Dave holds an active Ohio law license and an inactive CPA license.



Prior to joining Flexible Plan, Dave was CFO and counsel for Allied Moulded Products Inc. (a manufacturer of electrical enclosures) and The Ohio Art Company (makers of Etch A Sketch). In those roles, he performed the accounting function and managed the HR and IT teams. Dave has also served as vice president, general counsel and secretary of Harvard Industries Inc. (a tier-one supplier to automotive original equipment manufacturers) and tax manager for Ernst & Young.


Dave attended Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, and the University of Toledo, College of Law.










John Iseman
CORPORATE COUNSEL




With over 10 years of industry experience and over 40 years in law, John Iseman has ultimate responsibility for all legal support as the firm’s Corporate Counsel and Flexible Plan’s  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.  


Mr. Iseman has been engaged in the practice of business law with an emphasis on federal taxation since 1968. Before joining Flexible Plan in 2001, Mr. Iseman had been in practice for various firms for 30 years. The first 22 years of his law career, he was a member of the firm of Dahlberg, Mallender & Gawne before becoming a sole practitioner in 1990. During his legal career, Mr. Iseman provided legal and business counseling to clients selling, acquiring, reorganizing, or merging businesses by bringing both legal and business experience to the transaction.


During the 1990s, Mr. Iseman served as General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer to Norbert Industries, Inc., a privately held contract manufacturer of precision machined parts for the aircraft and defense industries.


Mr. Iseman has a BA (1965) and a JD (1968) from the University of Michigan.










Peter Mauthe
VICE PRESIDENT – CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT




Peter Mauthe offers Flexible Plan Investments a wealth of industry experience and connections to one of the most extensive networks of financial professionals in the independent investment advisor community. Mr. Mauthe is responsible for new opportunities, developing new business initiatives, and implementing corporate and business-level strategies for the company.  


Mr. Mauthe has been active in the financial industry since 1974, when he began trading for a living to help pay his way through college at the University of Miami. In 1979, he began his professional career as an independent market maker on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.


Mr. Mauthe has been integral to the success of many financial firms across the nation. He co-founded MK Asset Management, Inc. in Irvine, California, and was President of Trendstat Capital Management, Inc. in Scottsdale, Arizona; Chief Operating Officer at Spectrum Financial, Inc. in Virginia Beach, Virginia and Principal in Dallas-based Rhoads Lucca Capital Management, Inc. Since 2010, he has also worked with world-renowned author John Mauldin in managing and developing various companies for the popular Internet commentator.


Mr. Mauthe has served as President of the American Association of Professional Technical Analysts and has served as President, Chairman and Director of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM).











Jeffrey Ingalsbe
CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER/CHIEF INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER




Jeffrey Ingalsbe is an experienced information technology (IT) and cybersecurity leader within the automotive, academic, and financial-services industries. As the chief information officer at Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd. (FPI), he oversees all aspects of IT to ensure that it promotes the success of the business. He is responsible for devising the company’s IT strategy and ensuring that all systems necessary to support its operations and objectives are in place. In addition, as the chief information security officer at FPI, he leads the firm's efforts to address risk by developing and deploying policies, processes, and technologies, and by engaging employees and business partners in sound cybersecurity practices.


Before joining FPI, Mr. Ingalsbe was an assistant professor and chair of the Computer Information Systems and Information Assurance Department at the University of Detroit Mercy. He has also served as director of the Center for Cyber Security and Intelligence Studies, where he coordinated cybersecurity strategy efforts with government entities, other universities, law enforcement agencies, and industry entities. Mr. Ingalsbe also spent 14 years at Ford Motor Company, where he held a variety of IT and security-related positions. He led complex threat-modeling efforts on strategically important enterprise initiatives, managed research for directors and VPs, and represented Ford on U.S. Department of Homeland Security national working groups.













Len Durso
VICE PRESIDENT NATIONAL SALES




As vice president of national sales for Flexible Plan Investments and an advocate for active management, I use my extensive experience in finance and business to


Discover new markets and opportunities to build fee-based business.
Help grow and preserve client wealth using active management.
Systematically build relationships with advisors that turn new clients into lifetime clients.
Speak at industry events about the benefits of active management.

After 20 years of experience in financial services, I have a sharp eye for how financial advisors can strategically grow their business. As a former owner of a successful financial advisory firm, I understand the challenges advisors face day to day, and I know how to help. I hold an Accredited Investment Fiduciary designation and a degree in marketing. 














  CONNECT  
Let's Work Together.





























Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	About | Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd.

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach



















Investment strategies and
services to help advisors earn and
keep their clients’ trust




Flexible Plan Investments is a leading provider of investment risk management services. As a founding member of the National Association of Active Investment Managers (NAAIM), we are one of the trade association's largest and oldest active money managers. We strive to provide investors with competitive returns while working to reduce risk through the use of diversified investment products, cutting-edge technology and support services.

Referral agreements with approximately 600 financial firms

Early pioneers of individual managed accounts employing dynamic risk management
Focus on preserving and growing capital through a robust active management approach combined with risk management

Provides strategic diversification within a single client account at a low account minimum

Set, manage, and monitor investor expectations with OnTarget Investing
Flexible  Plan Investments, Ltd. is a federally registered independent investment adviser. Flexible Plan claims  compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). To receive a list of composite descriptions of Flexible Plan strategies and/or a compliant presentation, contact sales@flexibleplan.com or call 800-347-3539.





President
Jerry C. Wagner, Founder

Assets Under Management
$1,650,000,000+ as of 12/31/16

Inception Date
February 1, 1981

Headquarters
3883 Telegraph Rd, Suite 100
Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302





Dynamic risk-managed investment solutions since 1981



Flexible Plan Investments was founded by Jerry Wagner in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan in 1981. He anticipated technological innovations and combined his expertise in both investment analysis and software development to provide average investors the same management advantages previously available largely to high net worth investors.


Today, Flexible Plan Investments employs a full staff of researchers, portfolio managers, traders and support personnel dedicated to providing tools and services to help financial advisors earn and keep their clients’ trust.

The history of FPI  >>














Partner with us
Increase your advisory income by up to 400%
Get your password  >>


































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd















	Oct 01, 2008 - Are Investment Returns a "Crazy Quilt"?

































Search










LOG IN
Portal
Register Now
















Home


About


What_we_do


For_advisors


For_investors


Hotline


Contact_us














about


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Principled_Investing_Give_Back_program_2016


Renee_Toth_25th_Anniversary


David_White_Joins FPI


FPI_named_finalist_in_WealthManagement.com_2016_In


Gold_Bullion_Mutual_Fund_Approaches_Anniversary


introducing_brighter_beta


Flexible_Plan_Investments_ 35th_Anniversary


Stano_and_Bobcean_join_FPI


Inc_5000_2015


Corp_Magazine_recognizes_FPI_2015


2015_FT_300_Top_Advisers


Learning_From_a_Walk_Through


Beating_Buy_and_Hold


Ron_Rowland_Joins_Flexible_Plan


FPIs_Principled_Investing_Gives_Back


FPI_named_on_2014_Inc_500_5000


Fusion_Indexes_Make_Another_New_High


2014_China_Finance_Review_Conference


2014_Financial_Times_Top_300_RIAs_List


Jeff_Omdahl_joins Flexible_Plan_Investments


Bryan_Franco_Joins_FPI


principled_investing_increase


FPI_named_top_workplace_2013


strategic_diversification_ changing_the_investment


2013_INC_500_List


david_wismer_joins_flexible_plan


peter_mauthe_joins_flexible_plan


2013_NAAIM_Wagner_Award


Strategic_Diversification_Can_Help_Protect_Clients


fpi_named_top_workplace_2012


principled_investing_give_back_program


leonard_durso_promoted_vp_sales


david_varadi_joins_flexible_plan


FPI_adds_two_new_strategies


flexible_plan_named_top_money_manager


FPI_promotes_michelle_higgins_operations_manager


flexible_plan_named_top_workplace


FPI_announces_launch_of_turnkey


fpi_partners_with_third_day_advisors


fpi_launches_high_yield_bond_strategy


How_RIAs_Open_Big_Doors_to_ Small_Investors


flexible_plan_investments_launches_faith_focused


fpi_top_money_manager_crains_2010


absolute_return_strategies_available


fpi_offers_absolute_return_managed_accounts


george_yang_second_place_winner_wagner_award


naaim_elects_renee_toth_to_trade_group


renee_toth_elected_naaim_president


Are_Investment_Returns_a_Crazy_Quilt


Rethink_Risk


Why_Market_Timing_Works


Market_Timing_Works_When_it_Matters_Most




Community_outreach













It’s a rare financial professional who has not seen a Callan chart. Also referred to as a Periodic Table of Investment Returns, the Chart harkens us back to the periodic table that used to adorn every science classroom in our high school days.
The classic Callan chart has rows and columns of multi-colored boxes resembling a crazy patchwork quilt drawn from all the colors of the rainbow. In the example below, each of its 20 columns represents one of the last 20 years. Within each column are boxes, each colored a unique hue to represent a given index and each containing the annual return of that index. Finally, the eight rows in each column rank the colored boxes in order of their performance for each column year. 



Summary
Among the most popular tools used by registered reps are Callan Charts, or the Periodic Table of Investment Returns. A staple of fund wholesalers and advisors alike, they are used to graphically illustrate to financial consumers the need to diversify and the impossibility of market timing. Yet upon closer inspection, the Charts seem to provide a guide to better returns with less risk than the equally weighted asset allocation portfolios they are so often used to promote. The difference is all in the assumptions made.





Continued
































Since 1981, Flexible Plan Investments has been dedicated to preserving and growing wealth through dynamic risk management. We are a turnkey asset management program (TAMP), which means advisors can access and combine our many risk-managed strategies within a single account. Our fee-based separately managed accounts can provide diversified portfolios of actively managed strategies within equity, debt, and alternative asset classes on an array of different platforms. We also offer advisors our OnTarget Investing tool to help set realistic, custom benchmarks for clients and regularly measure progress. Read More...







About


History


Executive_team


Message_from_the_president


Press_room


Community_outreach




What_we_do


Dynamic_risk-managed_investing


Strategic_diversification


Managing_investor_expectations


Methodology


Research_team




For_advisors


Building_your_practice


Knowledge Center


Helping_your_clients


Strategies


Where_we_manage


Fund_holdings


Partner_with_us




For_investors


OnTarget_investing




Hotline


Contact_us


Schedule_a_meeting


Sales_team


Careers












ADV Part 2A - Wrap Brochure
|
ADV Part 2A - Firm Brochure
|
Disclosures/Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions



             
            
                    3883 Telegraph Road, Suite 100
                    Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Phone: (248) 642-6640 | Toll Free: (800) 347-3539 | Fax: (248) 642-6741
Copyright 2017 Flexible Plan Investments, Ltd

















Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking - Barron's










































































 







 


 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Best Online Brokers

Barron’s 2017 Best Online Broker Ranking
Fidelity takes the top spot, with Interactive Brokers and TD Ameritrade right on its heels


 







By

Theresa W. Carey

 Biography




 




March 18, 2017


The bull market is on sale for online brokerage customers. In the run-up to our 22nd annual ranking of Barron’s Best Online Brokers, two developments topped all others: The three major indexes—the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500, and the Nasdaq Composite—all set record highs, and six brokers slashed commissions and other fees. At the 16 brokers we reviewed this year, the average monthly cost of trading for an occasional investor had fallen 25% since early 2016, to $47.51 from $63.45. That means...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 


 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
Starbucks: When Good Stocks Go Bad


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 





















