
Flex Ltd (FLEX.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Flex Ltd (FLEX.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FLEX.O on Nasdaq


				17.09USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$17.09


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

250


Avg. Vol

3,580,815




52-wk High

$17.76


52-wk Low

$12.30












					Full Description



		Flex Ltd, formerly Flextronics International Ltd. provides design, engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain services and solutions. The Company designs, builds, ships and services packaged consumer electronics and industrial products for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Its segments include High Reliability Solutions (HRS), Consumer Technologies Group (CTG), Industrial and Emerging Industries (IEI) and Communications & Enterprise Compute (CEC). The HRS segment consists of its medical business, automotive business, and defense and aerospace businesses. The CTG segment includes its mobile devices business, consumer electronics business and high-volume computing business. The IEI segment consists of semiconductor and capital equipment, office solutions, household industrial and lifestyle, industrial automation and kiosks, energy and metering, and lighting. The CEC segment includes radio access base stations, remote radio heads, and small cells for wireless infrastructure.
» Full Overview of FLEX.O







					Company Address



Flex Ltd
2 Changi South Lane      486123
P: +656.8769899







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Capellas

274,976




							 Paul Humphries

3,791,880




							 Michael McNamara

12,744,100




							 Christopher Collier

3,490,960




							 Francois Barbier

3,752,080




» More Officers & Directors





					Flex Ltd News




BRIEF-Flex Q1 earnings per share $0.23

Jul 27 2017 
BRIEF-Ideal Power signs master purchase agreement with NEXTracker

Jul 10 2017 
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 29

Jun 29 2017 
BRIEF-Daqri partners with Flex for production of augmented reality headsets

Jun 27 2017 
BRIEF-Ericsson says to divest its power modules business to Flex

Jun 21 2017 


» More FLEX.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductors




















 

FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition     SEC Filings  FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  ByME Staff 8-k -July 27, 2017 0  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ConditionItem 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July27, 2017, Flex Ltd. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended June30, 2017. A copy of the press release is furnished with this report as Exhibit99.1.
The information in this Current Report on Form8-K and the Exhibitattached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d)Exhibits



Exhibit


 


99.1


Press release, dated July27, 2017, issued by Flex Ltd.



 FLEX LTD. ExhibitEX-99.1 2 a17-18427_1ex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1   P R E S S   R E L E A S E   Renee Brotherton Kevin Kessel Corporate Communications Investor Relations (408) 576-7189 (408) 576-7985 [email protected] [email protected]   FLEX REPORTS FIRST QUARTER FISCAL 2018 RESULTS   ·                  Quarterly revenue of $6.0 billion,…To view the full exhibit click here About FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Flex Ltd, formerly Flextronics International Ltd. provides design, engineering, manufacturing, and supply chain services and solutions. The Company designs, builds, ships and services packaged consumer electronics and industrial products for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Its segments include High Reliability Solutions (HRS), Consumer Technologies Group (CTG), Industrial and Emerging Industries (IEI) and Communications & Enterprise Compute (CEC). The HRS segment consists of its medical business, automotive business, and defense and aerospace businesses. The CTG segment includes its mobile devices business, consumer electronics business and high-volume computing business. The IEI segment consists of semiconductor and capital equipment, office solutions, household industrial and lifestyle, industrial automation and kiosks, energy and metering, and lighting. The CEC segment includes radio access base stations, remote radio heads, and small cells for wireless infrastructure. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST II (NYSE:SDR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    STARTEK, INC. (NYSE:SRT) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    GIGAMON INC. (NYSE:GIMO) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition     EHEALTH, INC. (NASDAQ:EHTH) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:MHK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    DESTINATION MATERNITY CORPORATION (NASDAQ:DEST) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM) announces a quarterly dividend of $0.27 
 FLEX LTD. (NASDAQ:FLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc (NASDAQ:IBTX) announces a quarterly dividend of $0.10 
 SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST II (NYSE:SDR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Heartland Financial USA, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLF) announces a quarterly dividend of $0.11 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX)  July 27, 2017   Midweek biotech Movers: Neuralstem, Inc. (NASDAQ:CUR) and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX)  July 26, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With NeuroDerm Ltd. (NASDAQ:NDRM)  July 25, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings39337Analyst Ratings2787LSE1947Stocks1366Tech News1275Biotech Stocks1192Stock Market News1120Insider Trading810Small Caps730   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	HINDUSTAN FLEX LTD.









Loading...






Close Menu















Home
Faq's
Download
News & Events
















About Us 

Company Profile
Vision & Mission
Chairman's Message
Board of Directors
Award & Certificate


Technical Support 

Research & Development
Ink Kitchen
Trouble Shooting 
Quality Assurance


Our Plant
Products

Ink Selection Chart
Gravure Inks
Flexo Inks

Water-Base Inks


Careers
Network

Our Offices
Dealer Network
Bacome A Dealer


Contact Us


















Welcome TO Hindustan Flex LTD.
				

Inks that don't just make a picture but create an impression
				

Explore Now 
				






Your printing ink solution for flexible packaging


Think before you ink
				







 "Innovation Through Technology"
				

 •  Innovation that creates a better life

 •  Technology that delivers







 Extended  Color Gamut
                  
				

  Colors that make you think there is more than meets the eye
				






 "Enhancing Product Value"


 With the toughest competitors out there, every detail matters!
				




















Today, HINDUSTAN FLEX LTD. stand neck to neck against any competitor in all the sections of flexible packaging. Our inks are designed to perfection for the best results during and after printing. Various print properties like low solvent retention, gloss, substrate adhesion, color shade etc are satisfactory and inbuilt.
Read more









EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE
Talking about the performance on-field, our inks are user-friendly and hassle free. When used as per the recommendations, the performance is flawless and at its highest efficiency.
Read more









QUALITY ASSURANCE
Every batch of our ink undergoes extensive tests like gloss, adhesion, heat resistance, viscosity, drying rate, color shade and strength which allows to give consistent quality to our customers.
Read more









TECHNICAL SERVICES & TROUBLESHOOTING
Customer satisfaction is our top-most priority. We have a team dedicated to our customers which ensures the best output and services. 
Read more






 
 














SPECIALITY PRINTING INK 
Objectively innovate empowered manufactured products whereas parallel platforms. Holisticly predominate extensible testing procedures for reliable supply chains.
View More









RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT  
Collaboratively administrate empowered markets via plug-and-play networks. Dynamically procrastinate B2C users after installed base benefits.
View More









HFL PLANT VIEW  
Efficiently unleash cross-media information without cross-media value. Quickly maximize timely deliverables for real-time schemas.
View More









BUSINESS NETWORK
Proactively envisioned multimedia based expertise and cross-media growth strategies.
View More















FIND YOUR APPLICATION HERE

















Adstar Bags

















BOPP Adhesive Tape

















Food Packaging

















Paper And Foil

















PVC Shrink

















Aluminium Foils

















Heat Sealable BOPP

















Extrusion Bags

















Oil & Fat Resistance

















Fertilizer Bags

















Bread And Rusk

















Cement Bags

















Confectionary Product

















Deep Freeze



























Company



Vision & Mission
Chairman Message
Board of Directors
Award & Certificate





Product



Ink Selection Chart
Gravure Inks
Flexo Inks





Support



Research & Development
Ink Kitchen
Trouble & Shooting





Network



Our Offices
Dealer Network
Global Network











123/57 Saresh Bagh, Kanpur,UP India.
 +91-512-2222386
info@hindustanflex.com




















Designed by ORA CREATION 




Hindustan Flex  Limited ©2016   

















































Mediflex Surgical Products






































































 







Top Navigation Home
 About Us

Our Mission Statement
OEM Engineering


 Distributor Map
 My Account
 Quote Request Cart
 Distributor Login
 Contact Us
 





Navigation



Mediflex Surgical Products
The Surgical Innovation Company









 
     US: 800-764-0474   //  
     +1-631-582-6424

 
































 The Surgical Innovation Company
Mediflex® Surgical Products is a leader in the design, manufacturing, and distribution of surgical devices including Laparoscopic Holding & Positioning Devices, Laparoscopic & Table-Mounted Retractors, and Instruments for General Laparoscopic and Bariatric Surgery. Our innovative line of surgical devices ensures that you will have the instruments you need, when you need them.




Surgical Products 




 

Table Mounted Retractor Systems

Uniquely engineered Table Mounted Retractor Systems used by medical professionals worldwide.
Learn More





 

Holding Arms & Positioners

The gold standard for Surgical Holders and Positioners in laparoscopic procedures.
Learn More





 

Laparoscopic Surgical Instruments

The industries most comprehensive source for Laparoscopic Surgical Instruments.
Learn More





 

Laparoscopic Disposable Products

Cost effective reposable and disposable Laparoscopic Devices for surgical professionals.
Learn More





 

The Surgeons Sturgeon

Designed to minimize the risk of needle perforation injury for safer, easier and faster wound closure.
Learn More










 Home
 About Us
 OEM
 News & Events
 Distributor Map
 Contact Us
 
 

 Table Mounted Retractor Systems
 Holding Arms & Positioners
 Laparoscopic Surgical Instruments
 Laparoscopic Disposable Products
 New Products
 

 
 

 







250 Gibbs Road • Islandia, NY 11749 
Toll Free: 800.764.0474
e-mail: sales@mediflex.com

 










 
































Flex Protex D Original Formula Flex Protex | NewFlexProtex.com






















































Skip to content



NewFlexProtex.com
Flex Protex D – 1-800-922-9375

Menu










Flex Protex D 

All natural Flex Protex D is nature’s way of improving joint health. The best part is “there are no side effects, just side benefits”. Flex Protex is a patented dietary supplement for joint health to help ease minor every day aches and pains, support joint health and enhance flexibility
Flex Protex D is the newest addition to the market of natural joint support supplements. The proprietary blend of ingredients in Flex Protex contains stabilized rice bran derivitaves with non-bovine glucosamine derivatives and herbs enhanced with Vitamin D3.





Better Living With Flex Protex
Flex Protex is unique because it contains NAG (N-acetyl-glucosamine), an expensive form of glucosamine that isn’t readily available on just any supermarket shelf. The two other commonly used forms of glucosamine on the market are glucosamine sulfate and glucosamine hydrochloride. Neither of these forms is used in Flex Protex. Nutrucea’s decision to use the N-Acetyl form was based on some evidence that insulin resistance may develop from use of the sulfate form.
The base ingredient of Flex Protex is all-natural cox-2 inhibitors which act as a highly nutritious delivery system for the NAG glucosamine. The Flex Protex D mixture is dried and powdered rice bran made from the brown part of the rice that is removed when rice is milled to make brown rice white. Stabilized rice bran is rich in polysaccharides which help to synthesize collagen in the body. Rice Bran is also rich in phytosterols.*
Two other natural Cox-2 inhibitors, boswellin and curcumin, are also in the formula as is Vitamin D3. Flex Protex is extremely rich in minerals and trace minerals that enhance the formula’s overall effectiveness.

Joint pain is a common malady in today’s world. It has many different causes, from diseases such as arthritis to simple overexercising. When joints become painful or inflamed, even if they suffer some degradation, a helpful remedy can be found in Flex Protex D.
Flex Protex D is a joint supplement that reduces pain and helps promote healthier joints. Other benefits of Flex Protex D include reduction of joint inflammation and help with joint rebuilding. This all-natural supplement contains the perfect amount of antioxidants, vitamins, and other healthy ingredients to support joint health.





Benefits of Flex Protex D
Flex Protex D has a large amount of antioxidants, vitamins, and other nutrients specifically designed to nourish joints. It is important to nourish the body’s joints because it has many benefits.
Joints that receive the nutrients they need are healthier and will not deteriorate as quickly. In fact, joints nourished by Flex Protex can be rebuilt and healed of deterioration. Diseases like arthritis can cause damage to joints. Flex Protex can help reverse that damage. When joints are healed from damage, mobility is restored and people can engage in activities that once caused them pain or discomfort.
Pain relief is another great benefit of this supplement. There are several ingredients in Flex Protex that are known to reduce and eliminate pain. With less pain, one can enjoy life more. Quality of life is improved with the reduction of pain.
Another benefit of Flex Protex is the fact that it is all natural. A lot of supplements and medications contain synthetic chemicals that the body does not handle well. Other supplements with synthetic ingredients also tend to cause more side effects, some even adverse. Flex Protex D has natural ingredients, so it is easier for the body to use. It also has much less a chance of numerous or adverse side effects.
Joint pain and inflammation are common nowadays, but these problems can be alleviated with Flex Protex D. With many natural ingredients tailored to erase inflammation and even rebuild damaged cartilage, this supplement is beneficial to anyone who values joint health and a pain-free life.










NewFlexProtex.com Lehi, UT 84043
1-800-922-9375
Details Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Questions We are available for any questions via LiveChat, email or by calling 1-800-922-9375. We appreciate your business.
 

Free Shipping As part of our low price promise, all orders ship for free via USPS for fast delivery. If you prefer to order by phone call 1-800-922-9375.
If you prefer to order by mail, simply print this form and mail it in. We appreciate your business.
 



Our Promise 
Flex Protex D All Natural
Flex Protex D is a natural joint supplement.
Stimulant Free
Flex Protex D offers you excipient-free non-bovine glucosamine derivatives.
Joint Health
Flex Protex D is still one of the leading joint health supplements for real joint health. 
Directions:
Take only 2 capsules twice a day for Flex Protex D to start working.
Helpful Links 
24/7 formerly known as Ricen Shine
Flex Protex D
Benefits of Flex Protex D
Flex Protex D Ingredients
Low Price Promise
Contact Us

 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































































Guadalajara, Mexico | Flex






















Skip to main content


 





 










Home
Connect
Innovation Sites
Guadalajara, Mexico





Guadalajara Product Introduction Center





The Guadalajara Product Introduction Center is a Center of Excellence located in the heart of the “Silicon Valley of Mexico.” With over 15 years of new product introduction experience, the Center provides extensive capabilities including advanced engineering, design for excellence (DfX), supply chain optimization, prototyping, testing, failure analysis, and transfer to mass production. In a dedicated 11,000 square-foot-space, the Center offers surface mount technology (SMT) capabilities, a backend area, structural testing, a splicing room, and dedicated assembly rooms with biometric control access.

Capabilities:
Advanced engineering
Design for excellence (DfX)
Supply chain optimization
Prototyping
Testing
Failure analysis
Transfer to mass production
This state-of-the-art facility offers new product introduction for both electronics and mechanicals, such as plastics and metals. The Center is part of a full campus that includes 2 million square feet of manufacturing space, as well as system integration, forward and reverse logistics, and repair services.
Explore our global Locations.


 










 









 


Footer

Contact 
Locations 
Supplier Information 
Investor Relations 
INTELLIGENCE™ Magazine
 


© 2017 FLEX LTD. All rights reserved.

FAQs | Privacy | Supply Chain Transparency 


 






