










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Flexpoint Partners II, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:00 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Flexpoint Partners II, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Flexpoint Partners II, L.P. specializes in buyouts. The fund seeks to invest in healthcare and financial services. It invest in United States of America.


676 North Michigan AvenueSuite 3300Chicago, IL 60611United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 312-327-4520

Fax: 312-327-4525








Key Executives for Flexpoint Partners II, L.P.




Mr. Ethan A. Budin


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Donald J. Edwards


      	Chief Executive Officer and Managing Principal
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Charles E. Glew Jr.


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Flexpoint Partners II, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























 SECGems: FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
7













	 
	
	 C/O FLEXPOINT FORD, LLC
	 
	  676 N. MICHIGAN AVENUE, SUITE 60611
	
	   CHICAGO, 
	   IL, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   312-327-4520    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-24FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001589359
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 EDWARDS DONALD J (0001021463) 


4




 FLEXPOINT MANAGEMENT II LP (0001589431) 


4




 FLEXPOINT ULTIMATE MANAGEMENT II LLC (0001589403) 


4




 Flexpoint Great Ajax Holdings LLC (0001633328) 


2











All related persons/companies# Filings





 EDWARDS DONALD J (0001021463) 


4




 FLEXPOINT MANAGEMENT II, L.P. (0001589431) 


4




 FLEXPOINT ULTIMATE MANAGEMENT II, LLC (0001589403) 


4




 Flexpoint Great Ajax Holdings LLC (0001633328) 


2




 Great Ajax Corp. (0001614806) 


2




 JetPay Corp (0001507986) 


5




 Universal Business Payment Solutions Acquisition Corp


5







 








db
 
 


















































FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P. - Universal Business Payment Solu Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsFLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P.Universal Business Payment Solu (UBPS)Ten Percent Owner Not RankedFLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P.'s PerformanceFLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P. has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P.'s Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateUBPSUniversal Business Payment SoluTen Percent Owner-FLEXPOINT FUND II, L.P. has not reported any informative transactions for UBPS, therefore, performance cannot be measured.See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by




























Flexpoint Fund II, L.P. | Company Profile Report  - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Report















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report













Company ReportFlexpoint Fund II, L.P.
Hoover's industry experts provide proprietary editorial analysis supplemented with content from multiple data sources to bring you the Company Profile Report. The depth of each report varies, so be sure to view the sample and review the report contents listed next.
View Sample Report

Company Overview
People
Biographies



Buy Company Profile Report

Gain an instant understanding of a business, including company background, industry, competition, and financial health.
Get unbiased insights on the top 43,000 global companies, compiled by our industry-specific business analysts.
Uncover the roles and responsibilities of the management team and identify key decision makers.

View Sample Report


					$29.00
Add to Cart


			Our easy-to-read reports present information on over 85 million companies within 900 industry segments.
Request Your Free Trial
Learn More About Subscriptions



 

Hoover’s reports equip you with vital information to evaluate opportunity and competition, define strategy, and prepare for sales calls --- anytime, anywhere.


		$29.00
Add to Cart



































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.                                                                                                  - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Investment offices, Nec



Management Investment Funds, Closed-end



                            Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.
                                    



 





















F 


Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



676 N MICHIGAN AVE CHICAGO, IL 60611
Get Directions



(312) 327-4520
www.flexpointford.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2012
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $20,509,728.00
 Employee Count 260
 Industries Management Investment Funds, Closed-end
 Contacts Donald J Edwards                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2012, Flexpoint Fund Ii, L.p.                                                                                                  has been providing Management Investment Funds, Closed-end from Chicago. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Flexpoint Fund, L.P. Debuts with $225 million in Committed Capital - Flexpoint Ford, LLC













































































News







← Back to News
Chicago, IL – June 10, 2005
Flexpoint Fund, L.P. Debuts with $225 million in Committed Capital  br>
					
					lexpoint Partners, LLC (“Flexpoint”) announced the first and final closing of its debut investment fund, Flexpoint Fund, L.P., (the “Fund”) with $225 million in total committed capital. The Fund will make investments primarily in the healthcare and financial services industries, where Flexpoint can be a value-added partner.
“We are very fortunate to have assembled a very strong and experienced group of limited partners with whom we share a common outlook,” said Donald J. Edwards, Managing Principal of Flexpoint.
“We are grateful to all of our partners, especially Gerald J. Ford, our Special Limited Partner, whose guidance has been and will continue to be invaluable.” Mr. Ford is one of the nation’s most accomplished financial services executives. In addition to being a significant investor in the Fund, Mr. Ford is an advisor to the firm, helping identify investment opportunities and offering his expertise, particularly for investments in the financial services sector.
Flexpoint’s strategy focuses on two industries where the Principals have significant investment experience, allowing the firm to add value to portfolio companies through strategy development, sharing of best practices and key industry relationships. In addition, Flexpoint will assist its portfolio companies with financing, acquisitions and other capital markets transactions.
Flexpoint was founded by Mr. Edwards, Ethan A. Budin and Charles E. Glew, Jr. Previously, the three Flexpoint Principals worked together as Principals of GTCR Golder Rauner, LLC. Collectively, the Flexpoint Principals have invested over $1 billion in more than 20 private equity transactions.
The Fund’s Limited Partner Advisory Board is comprised of Mr. Ford and affiliates of the Yale University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Commonfund, and the Ford Foundation.


Print
Share via Email
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter







About TOP RX
TOP RX is a VAWD-accredited national distributor of generic pharmaceuticals, top selling brands, OTC products, and vitamins and has been serving pharmacies for the past 27 years. TOP RX is an authorized distributor of record for over 90 leading pharmaceutical manufacturers and serves over 5,000 pharmacies and national accounts annually from four sales offices and a distribution center located in Memphis, Tennessee. The company provides same day shipping Monday through Saturday and its inventory is prescription drug pedigree compliant through the use of the industry-leading software provider Axway. For more information about TOP RX, please visit www.toprx.com.







Next Post > 



















Flexpoint Ford Announces Closing of Flexpoint Fund III and Flexpoint Special Assets Fund - Flexpoint Ford, LLC













































































News







← Back to News
Chicago, IL – August 11, 2015
Flexpoint Ford Announces Closing of Flexpoint Fund III and Flexpoint Special Assets Fund  br>
					
					Flexpoint Ford, LLC a private equity investment firm specializing in the financial services and healthcare industries, announced today the first and final closing of its third private equity fund, Flexpoint Fund III, L.P. (“Fund III”) at $950 million, along with a new investment vehicle, Flexpoint Special Assets Fund, L.P. (“Special Assets Fund”) at $317 million. The initial targets for the funds were $750 million and $250 million, respectively.
Fund III plans to invest in minority and majority equity stakes in financial services and healthcare companies, utilizing Flexpoint Ford’s demonstrated proprietary sourcing and operating capabilities. The Special Assets Fund will further leverage Flexpoint Ford’s existing financial services expertise by investing in financial assets such as loans, leases, books of insurance and other assets associated with financial services companies.
“We are delighted with the success of the fundraising for Fund III and the Special Assets Fund,” said Don Edwards, Chief Executive Officer of Flexpoint Ford. Noting that 90% of the new funds’ commitments came from existing investors in what was only a three month fundraising process, he added, “We are very fortunate to have the support of some of the leading limited partners in the investment community.”
Flexpoint Ford is uniquely flexible with regard to investment size, structure and asset class.  Fund III will seek to partner with experienced management teams and invest in the best opportunities in financial services and healthcare companies, regardless of investment size or structure.  The Fund can invest up to $200 million in a single transaction, and has the ability to invest in larger transactions with the support of its limited partners.  Flexpoint Ford’s experience includes investments in both minority and control structures across private and public companies.  With the Special Assets Fund, the Firm also has the ability to invest directly or indirectly in pools of financial assets.
Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal counsel for Fund III and the Special Assets Fund.


Print
Share via Email
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter







About Flexpoint Ford
With offices in Chicago and New York, Flexpoint Ford is a private equity investment firm with over $2 billion under management, specializing in privately negotiated investments in the financial services and healthcare industries.  Since the firm’s formation in 2005, Flexpoint Ford has invested in more than 25 companies across a broad range of sizes, structures and asset classes.





< Previous Post 

Next Post > 




















Flexpoint Fund II, L.P. | Marketing Contacts | Names and Emails - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Marketing Contacts

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report















Flexpoint Fund II, L.P. Marketing Contacts
Investment offices, nec






Key Executives and Contact Counts for Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.

        Identify and reach decision makers who have been verified by multiple contact methods. 





Executives
Phone/Email




Steven L Begleiter Mem

Premium Access Locked Content
                                


We have executives' phone numbers and email addresses on file. This is optional data available to you when building Lead Lists and with Professional Subscriptions.







Donald J Edwards Mgn Mem

Premium Access Locked Content
                                


We have executives' phone numbers and email addresses on file. This is optional data available to you when building Lead Lists and with Professional Subscriptions.







Stephen H Haworth Chief Financial Officer

Premium Access Locked Content
                                


We have executives' phone numbers and email addresses on file. This is optional data available to you when building Lead Lists and with Professional Subscriptions.







1 other executives on file




Top Industries for Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.
 Need to reach more people? No problem.  Research more than 100 million people for titles, biographies, and more  Access more than 16 million contacts with email addresses and direct phone numbers Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial   Build a Lead List Top IndustriesAccess comprehensive industry information to maximize campaign ROI.
View Industry Report




Industries




Asset Management


1 Industries on file




Company Size for Flexpoint Fund II, L.P.

        Select key company statistics to target your marketing resources.
View Company Report





Company Size
 




 Employees
260


 Sales (mil)
$18.458755








































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















