





























Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. Boosts Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for ConocoPhillips

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ConocoPhillips with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

HM Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK)
AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) Position Increased by Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc.
Teachers Advisors LLC Has $24.62 Million Position in Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN)
Hanmi Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:HAFC) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc.
MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Shares Sold by Boston Private Wealth LLC
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Takes Position in Incyte Corporation (INCY)
Tdam USA Inc. Has $2.08 Million Position in ConocoPhillips (COP)
Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. Boosts Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Reduces Stake in Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Raises Stake in Alliant Energy Corporation (LNT)
TrueBlue, Inc. (TBI) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
Utah Retirement Systems Raises Stake in BB&T Corporation (BBT)
Liberty Global PLC (LBTYA) Position Raised by Morgan Stanley
California Public Employees Retirement System Invests $4.98 Million in Manitowoc Food Service, Inc. (NYSE:WBT)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Stake in Actuant Corporation (ATU)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Cuts Stake in Celgene Corporation (CELG)
Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc.
Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL Has $2.71 Million Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
Morgan Stanley Cuts Position in ITT Inc. (ITT)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $454,000 Position in United Community Financial Corp. (UCFC)







Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. Boosts Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. boosted its position in  ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) by 6.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 195,421 shares of the energy producer’s stock after buying an additional 12,615 shares during the period. ConocoPhillips comprises  2.3% of Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 12th largest position. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc.’s holdings in ConocoPhillips were worth $9,746,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. First Eagle Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  ConocoPhillips by 21.0% in the first quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 10,065,496 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $501,966,000 after buying an additional 1,744,860 shares during the period.  Norges Bank bought a new stake in  ConocoPhillips during the fourth quarter worth about $496,521,000.  Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of  ConocoPhillips by 156.5% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 8,242,882 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $413,364,000 after buying an additional 5,029,627 shares during the period.  Swiss National Bank increased its position in shares of  ConocoPhillips by 27.3% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 4,390,099 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $218,934,000 after buying an additional 940,600 shares during the period.  Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of  ConocoPhillips by 21.2% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 4,174,799 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $208,197,000 after buying an additional 730,325 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  67.60% of the company’s stock. 


 Get ConocoPhillips alerts:



Shares of ConocoPhillips (COP) opened at 42.92 on Friday. ConocoPhillips has a 12 month low of $38.80 and a 12 month high of $53.17. The firm’s market capitalization is $53.10 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $44.32 and its 200 day moving average is $47.10. 





ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The energy producer reported ($0.02) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $7.77 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.47 billion. ConocoPhillips had a negative return on equity of 5.92% and a negative net margin of 5.05%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.95) earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  ConocoPhillips will post $0.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 24th will be paid a $0.265 dividend. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.45%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 20th. ConocoPhillips’s dividend payout ratio  is currently -95.50%. 
ConocoPhillips declared that its board has authorized a stock buyback program on Wednesday, March 29th that authorizes the company to repurchase $3.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the energy producer to repurchase up to 5.3% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are typically an indication that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. Boosts Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP)” was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/flippin-bruce-porter-inc-increases-position-in-conocophillips-cop-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded ConocoPhillips from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $55.00 to $59.00 in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $52.00 price objective on shares of ConocoPhillips in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Guggenheim began coverage on shares of ConocoPhillips in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. UBS AG raised shares of ConocoPhillips from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $51.00 to $55.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $62.00 price objective on shares of ConocoPhillips and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, July 16th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, fifteen have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $55.56.
In related news, VP James D. Mcmorran sold 9,091 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.47, for a total value of $431,549.77. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Insiders own  0.82% of the company’s stock. 
About ConocoPhillips
ConocoPhillips is an independent exploration and production company. The Company explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG) and natural gas liquids. The Company operates through five segments: Alaska, Lower 48, Canada, Europe and North Africa, Asia Pacific and Middle East, and Other International.







Receive News & Ratings for ConocoPhillips Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConocoPhillips and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 




















































						Flippin Bruce & Porter Lowered Its Cisco Systems (CSCO) Stake, Spartan Stores Has 1.32 Sentiment - Bibey Post								

























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Flippin Bruce & Porter Lowered Its Cisco Systems (CSCO) Stake, Spartan Stores Has 1.32 Sentiment


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Vivian Currie

Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc decreased Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO) stake by 2.73% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc sold 10,024 shares as Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO)’s stock declined 7.50%. The Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc holds 357,256 shares with $10.80 million value, down from 367,280 last quarter. Cisco Systems Inc now has $158.75B valuation. The stock declined 0.22% or $0.07 reaching $31.77 per share. About 1.22 million shares traded. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) has risen 13.20% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.50% the S&P500.







SpartanNash Company is a multi-regional grocery distributor and grocery retailer. The company has market cap of $988.79 million. The Company’s core businesses include distributing grocery products to independent grocery retailers , select national retailers, its corporate owned retail stores, and the United States military commissaries. It has a 15.97 P/E ratio. The Firm operates through three divisions: Food Distribution, Military and Retail.
 About 14,719 shares traded. SpartanNash Co (SPTN) has risen 31.81% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 15.11% the S&P500.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 insider buys, and 25 selling transactions for $8.17 million activity. 
Analysts await SpartanNash Co (NASDAQ:SPTN) to report earnings on August, 16. They expect $0.60 EPS, up 3.45% or $0.02 from last year’s $0.58 per share. SPTN’s profit will be $22.38 million for 11.05 P/E if the $0.60 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.55 actual EPS reported by SpartanNash Co for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 9.09% EPS growth. 
Ratings analysis reveals 33% of SpartanNash’s analysts are positive. Out of 3 Wall Street analysts rating SpartanNash, 1 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 2 recommend “Hold”. The lowest target is $31.0 while the high is $40.0. The stock’s average target of $35.50 is 33.91% above today’s ($26.51) share price. SPTN was included in 3 notes of analysts from August 23, 2016. Pivotal Research maintained SpartanNash Co (NASDAQ:SPTN) on Tuesday, January 17 with “Hold” rating. The company was upgraded on Tuesday, August 23 by Northcoast. The stock of SpartanNash Co (NASDAQ:SPTN) has “Equal Weight” rating given on Friday, September 23 by Barclays Capital.
Private Capital Management Llc holds 4.69% of its portfolio in SpartanNash Co for 769,932 shares. Palisade Capital Management Llc Nj owns 699,522 shares or 1.04% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Zebra Capital Management Llc has 0.65% invested in the company for 54,045 shares. The Tennessee-based Martin & Co Inc Tn has invested 0.49% in the stock. Tfs Capital Llc, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 42,912 shares.
Among 36 analysts covering Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), 23 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 13 Hold. Therefore 64% are positive. Cisco Systems Inc. had 92 analyst reports since August 4, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Buy” rating by Drexel Hamilton given on Thursday, August 18. The company was maintained on Monday, February 8 by Stifel Nicolaus. As per Thursday, August 18, the company rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank. On Monday, August 15 the stock rating was maintained by Barclays Capital with “Overweight”. Bernstein maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Wednesday, June 21 report. The stock of Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) has “Overweight” rating given on Monday, May 15 by Morgan Stanley. Nomura maintained it with “Hold” rating and $2900 target in Thursday, June 29 report. BMO Capital Markets downgraded Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) on Tuesday, May 9 to “Market Perform” rating. The firm has “Hold” rating by BMO Capital Markets given on Wednesday, June 28. The stock of Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) has “Outperform” rating given on Friday, September 23 by Raymond James.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.07 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.02, from 1.09 in 2016Q3. It dived, as 81 investors sold CSCO shares while 635 reduced holdings. 117 funds opened positions while 651 raised stakes. 3.60 billion shares or 0.42% more from 3.58 billion shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Thomas J Herzfeld Advisors Incorporated holds 0.01% in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) or 697 shares. Weatherly Asset Lp, a California-based fund reported 86,610 shares. Timber Creek Cap Mngmt Ltd Llc has 118,161 shares for 2.78% of their portfolio. Pittenger & Anderson has 245,430 shares for 0.79% of their portfolio. Connors Investor stated it has 336,847 shares or 1.74% of all its holdings. Tradition Capital Mngmt Ltd Com holds 1.92% or 190,704 shares. Cadence Natl Bank Na holds 1.27% or 89,704 shares in its portfolio. Patriot Wealth owns 288,959 shares. Cornerstone Ltd has invested 4.26% in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO). Allstate Corp stated it has 311,107 shares. Mitsubishi Ufj Co has 3,740 shares for 0.64% of their portfolio. The Florida-based Raymond James Finance Svcs Advsrs has invested 0.23% in Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO). Convergence Investment Prtnrs Limited Liability Company holds 73,044 shares or 0.3% of its portfolio. Davidson And Garrard Incorporated stated it has 137,826 shares or 1.04% of all its holdings. Yhb Inc reported 50,794 shares.
Analysts await Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) to report earnings on August, 16 after the close. They expect $0.55 EPS, down 5.17% or $0.03 from last year’s $0.58 per share. CSCO’s profit will be $2.75 billion for 14.44 P/E if the $0.55 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.54 actual EPS reported by Cisco Systems, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 1.85% EPS growth. 
Since February 22, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 9 insider sales for $25.54 million activity. On Wednesday, June 14 the insider Jacoby Rebecca sold $2.94 million. $9.31 million worth of Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) was sold by CHAMBERS JOHN T. WEST STEVEN M had bought 3,027 shares worth $102,679 on Wednesday, February 22. 15,672 shares were sold by BHATT PRAT, worth $537,050 on Wednesday, March 15. On Sunday, June 11 the insider Walker Karen sold $244,125. Another trade for 13,869 shares valued at $472,436 was sold by SARIN ARUN. The insider CHANDLER MARK D sold 16,000 shares worth $544,640.








By Vivian Currie
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Employees Retirement System Of Texas Boosted Aflac (AFL) Stake By $552,000; Profile of 2 Analysts Covering American Software, Inc. (AMSWA)


Osterweis Capital Management Has Raised Its Fleetcor Technologies (FLT) Position, Penn National Gaming Has 1.39 Sentiment


Ally Financial Has Lifted General Electric Co (GE) Holding, Guess (GES) Has 1.22 Sentiment


Azimuth Capital Management Has Decreased Bristol (BMY) Holding; Globus Medical Has 1.15 Sentiment


Oaktree Capital Management LP Has Upped Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM) Holding By $9.76 Million, Rwc Asset Management Llp Decreased Amazon Com (AMZN) Position By $19.87 Million


Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Has Decreased By $3.04 Million Its Canadian Pac Ry LTD (CP) Holding, Rwc Asset Management Llp Has Lifted Amc Networks (AMCX) Position By $354,172


Texas Yale Capital Has Boosted Visa (V) Stake By $851,370, American National BankShares (AMNB) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


New York State Teachers Retirement System Trimmed Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Holding, Old National Bancorp (ONB) Sentiment Is 1.21


Ashfield Capital Partners Has Trimmed Its Microsoft (MSFT) Stake, Carbo Ceramics (CRR) Has 1.17 Sentiment


Snyder Capital Management LP Upped Eog Res (EOG) Holding; Aimmune Therapeutics (AIMT) SI Increased By 10.79%







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact

























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



Flippin Bruce Porter Inc. : Top Money Managers  







Flippin, Bruce & Porter | Investment Counsel



 







LOADING
        




















Bright ideas for long-term growth
For three decades, Flippin, Bruce & Porter has helped clients achieve long-term capital appreciation via a highly disciplined approach to value investing. We manage assets for institutions, endowments, foundations, mutual funds, and individuals.
Are you next?
 Our Story











                Value Investment Discipline              
We manage investment portfolios for universities, hospitals, retirement plans, endowments, and foundations with an eye on growth and high returns. Talk with us.
 Institutional









                If you had all the money in the world, what would you do?                
Purchase a dream house? Travel? Help your children? Give to charity? A sound investment strategy will help you build wealth. Start now with FBP.
 Wealth Management









In an era where investment products proliferate, yet seem more alike than ever before, Flippin, Bruce & Porter stands out. For three decades, we have continued to achieve growth for our clients and our company by doing one thing and doing it very well. We are and will remain practitioners of large-cap investing.

 Our Focus






 Client Resources




 Meet Our People









 
                Community               
We value our community and strive to invest in our community through our time and talents. Giving back begins the process of change for the better.
 Community Service









 
                Start a Conversation               
We welcome your interest in our investment strategies for institutional and individual wealth management and invite you to contact us.
 Contact Us








 News


08/31/2015                  Equity & Dividend Plus on SunTrust AMC                   Details 

 All News





















Flippin, Bruce & Porter Inc                                                                                              - Lynchburg                                         , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Lynchburg



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Flippin, Bruce & Porter Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Flippin, Bruce & Porter Inc                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



800 MAIN ST FL 2 LYNCHBURG, VA 24504
Get Directions



(434) 845-4900
www.fbpinc.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 1985
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $10,598,013.00
 Employee Count 42
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts John M Flippin                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1985 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Flippin, Bruce & Porter | Investment Counsel



 







LOADING
        




















Bright ideas for long-term growth
For three decades, Flippin, Bruce & Porter has helped clients achieve long-term capital appreciation via a highly disciplined approach to value investing. We manage assets for institutions, endowments, foundations, mutual funds, and individuals.
Are you next?
 Our Story











                Value Investment Discipline              
We manage investment portfolios for universities, hospitals, retirement plans, endowments, and foundations with an eye on growth and high returns. Talk with us.
 Institutional









                If you had all the money in the world, what would you do?                
Purchase a dream house? Travel? Help your children? Give to charity? A sound investment strategy will help you build wealth. Start now with FBP.
 Wealth Management









In an era where investment products proliferate, yet seem more alike than ever before, Flippin, Bruce & Porter stands out. For three decades, we have continued to achieve growth for our clients and our company by doing one thing and doing it very well. We are and will remain practitioners of large-cap investing.

 Our Focus






 Client Resources




 Meet Our People









 
                Community               
We value our community and strive to invest in our community through our time and talents. Giving back begins the process of change for the better.
 Community Service









 
                Start a Conversation               
We welcome your interest in our investment strategies for institutional and individual wealth management and invite you to contact us.
 Contact Us








 News


08/31/2015                  Equity & Dividend Plus on SunTrust AMC                   Details 

 All News

























Community Service | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















Community Service

Home / About / Community Service

 

Giving of any kind…taking an action…begins the process of change for the better. Flippin, Bruce & Porter has and will always enjoy sharing time and resources with others, as we strive to contribute to our community and world.
Flippin, Bruce & Porter believes in reinvesting in our community. Throughout our history, our firm and our employees have dedicated time, service, and financial support to the greater Lynchburg community. In addition to the ongoing funding of various charities and local projects, our employees have a rich tradition of board involvement covering multiple institutions. The Flippin, Bruce & Porter Executive Committee reviews funding requests on a quarterly basis, making decisions based on value to the overall community. Over the years, we have made significant pledges for the greater good of our city and the local area.  Here is a partial list of supported organizations:

Amazement Square Children’s Museum
American Red Cross
Free Clinic of Central Virginia
Habitat for Humanity
Jubilee Family Development Center
Kids’ Haven
Lynchburg Symphony Orchestra
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Meals on Wheels
Miller Home for Girls
Miriam’s House
Patrick Henry Boys and Girls Homes
Salvation Army
The Lynchburg Academy of Fine Arts
United Way
Virginia’s Region 2000
Lynchburg YMCA

 
 





About

An Introduction
Our Focus
Key Professionals

John T. Bruce, CFA
Norman D. Darden III, CFA
John H. Hanna IV
David J. Marshall, CFA
J. Scott Morrell, CFA
R. Gregory Porter III
Teresa L. Sanderson
George D. Vermilya, Jr., CFA
Michael E. Watson


Community Service























An Introduction | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















An Introduction

Home / About / An Introduction

 

In 1985, John Flippin, John Bruce and Greg Porter founded Flippin, Bruce & Porter in Lynchburg, Virginia. FBP continues their foresight in following a conservative, value-driven investment strategy focusing on the best interests of our clients. We recognize our most valuable tools reside within the minds of our people and have committed ourselves to building a strong team of professionals dedicated to our unique value approach to investing.
For three decades, Flippin, Bruce & Porter has helped clients achieve long-term growth of capital and income through a singular and highly focused approach to investing. Our value-oriented investment strategy combines the traditional tool of professional investors, in-depth fundamental research, with our team approach to decision making. This combination of intelligence, drive, intuition, and investment discipline has been the key to capturing greater value over time for our clients.
Today, Flippin, Bruce & Porter manages assets for institutions, endowments, foundations, mutual funds, and individuals. Our corporate governance supports both the spirit and letter of all regulations and fiduciary duty. While we are proud of our growth and our investment track record, we are equally gratified to be recognized for our steadfast focus, uncommonly professional customer service, integrity and ethics in all that we do, and dedication to our clients’ best interests.





About

An Introduction
Our Focus
Key Professionals

John T. Bruce, CFA
Norman D. Darden III, CFA
John H. Hanna IV
David J. Marshall, CFA
J. Scott Morrell, CFA
R. Gregory Porter III
Teresa L. Sanderson
George D. Vermilya, Jr., CFA
Michael E. Watson


Community Service




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






































Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc - Lynchburg, VA - Investment Services & Advisors







 




























 




Lynchburg, VA



Investment Services & Advisors



 
 










Sign in




















Investment Services & Advisors

Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc 





800 Main St Ste 202

Lynchburg,
                    VA
24504

                    -
                    Lynchburg City County














                    (434) 845-4900

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc was established in 1985,  in Lynchburg, VA - Lynchburg City County and  is a business with  Accountants on staff. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc is listed in the categories Investment Services & Advisors, Investment Advice and Investment Advisory Service and offers Mutual Funds, Stocks, Equities, Accounting, Cash Management, Individual Services, Institutional Services, Trust Planning etc. If you did business with Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Investment Services & Advisors, 
            Investment Advice, 
            Investment Advisory Service
    



Products:Mutual Funds, Stocks, Equities

Services:Accounting, Cash Management, Individual Services, Institutional Services, Trust Planning, Cash Flow Management, Money Management, Personal Services, Trust Management, Trust Services

Professionals on Staff:Accountants

Year Started:1985


Website:

fbpinc.com



Share




Tweet










Additional Phones:


              (434) 846-3846 (Fax)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc


Lynchburg, VA



Investment Services & Advisors














Investment Services & Advisors






Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc

Investment Services & Advisors

800 Main St Ste 202
Lynchburg, VA









Mccray Financial Group Inc

Financial Services

107 Tradewynd Dr
Lynchburg, VA









AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL

Financial Planning Consultants

16583 FOREST RD
FOREST, VA









Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Austin Toft

Security Brokers & Dealers

2050 Langhorne Rd
Lynchburg, VA









Edward Jones Investments - Call Edward Jones

Financial Counselors

304 Amelon Sq
Madison Heights, VA









Davidson & Garrard

Investment Services & Advisors

810 Main St Ste 3
Lynchburg, VA








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz
























Investment Capabilities | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















Investment Capabilities

Home / Investment Capabilities






 
Institutional Investors


FBP manages investment portfolios for clients such as universities, hospitals, retirement plans, endowments, and foundations. Accounts are separately managed in accordance with the account’s overall investment guidelines and objectives. We provide equity, balanced and dividend portfolio management services. By consistently applying our value investment discipline, we strive to meet the investment objectives within the context of the account’s overall investment guidelines.
 
 Learn More





 
High Net Worth Individuals


We have years of experience managing portfolios for high net worth individuals. Accounts are separately managed in accordance with the client’s investment guidelines and objectives. We provide equity, balanced and dividend portfolio management services. By consistently applying our value investment discipline, we strive to meet the investment objectives within the context of the accounts’ overall investment guidelines.
Tax considerations play an important role for high net worth investors and our portfolio managers use various strategies to minimize the impact of taxes. Most importantly, our value approach is long-term in nature. This results in long holding periods for securities, creating low turnover which produces efficient after-tax returns due to the long-term capital gains treatment of the majority of our returns.
 
 Learn More





 
Mutual Funds


The Flippin, Bruce & Porter family of mutual funds includes the FBP Equity & Dividend Plus Fund and the FBP Appreciation & Income Opportunities Fund. Both funds are no-load, diversified, open-end series of the Williamsburg Investment Trust, a registered management investment company commonly known as a mutual fund. Each fund represents a separate mutual fund with its own investment objectives and policies.
http://www.fbpfunds.com/
 
 Learn More









Investment Capabilities

Institutional Investors
High Net Worth Individuals
Mutual Funds























Resources | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















Resources

Home / Resources

 


Our employees are our most valued resource. You can count on FBP to continue to invest in high-quality people, as well as advanced technology, training, and other resources that allow all our professionals to make sound decisions for the benefit of our clients.
We offer a wealth of information about our firm, our investments and holdings, results, and industry information to our clients and future clients. If you would like a print copy of any of the information offered here, contact us and we will be happy to send it to you.

Request Information











Your Name (required)



Company/Organization



Job Title



Address 1 (required)



Address 2



City (required)





State (required)





ZIP (required)





Country



Email (required)



Phone (required)



Fax


Please send me the following information:



Corporate
 Corporate Brochure Equity Investment Philosophy and Process Firm Highlights - Equity Firm Highlights - Balanced Firm Highlights - Dividend



Market Commentary Updates
 4th Quarter 2016 3rd Quarter 2016 2nd Quarter 2016 1st Quarter 2016



I would like a Flippin, Bruce & Porter Representative to contact me:
 Yes No


Please choose preferred contact method:
 Phone Fax Email None





Firm Information
Firm Highlights – Equity & Dividend Plus
Firm Highlights – Value Equity
Firm Highlights – Value Balanced
ADV Part 2A-2B
Investment Results
Equity & Dividend Plus Performance Report – 3/31/17
Value Equity Performance Report – 3/31/17
Value Balanced Performance Report – 3/31/17
Performance Disclosure Statement
Market Commentaries
1st Quarter 2017
4th Quarter 2016
3rd Quarter 2016
2nd Quarter 2016
Portfolio Holdings
Representative Equity & Dividend Plus Holdings
Representative Value Equity Holdings
Representative Value Balanced Holdings
White Papers
Active vs. Passive Investing
How to Support Your Clients with a Plan for Success
Use the Power of Language to Manage Clients
Can Market Indices Be More Effective Portfolio Benchmarks?
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The composite results shown are for Flippin, Bruce & Porter’s institutional composite and do not reflect performance of accounts through which Flippin, Bruce & Porter acts as sub-advisor. Net of fee results reflect the deduction of institutional fees. Fees associated with lower minimum sub-advised accounts may be substantially higher than institutional fees. For product-specific information, refer to your firm’s manager profile for details on gross and net of fee performance of those accounts.
Furthermore, Flippin, Bruce & Porter is solely responsible for the content on this website. The sponsoring firm in which Flippin, Bruce & Porter has a sub-advisory relationship has not reviewed or verified the accuracy or completeness of its content and is not responsible for any statements included herein.


























About | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















About

Home / About






 
An Introduction


In 1985, John Flippin, John Bruce and Greg Porter founded Flippin, Bruce & Porter in Lynchburg, Virginia. FBP continues their foresight in following a conservative, value-driven investment strategy focusing on the best interests of our clients. We recognize our most valuable tools reside within the minds of our people and have committed ourselves to building a strong team of professionals dedicated to our unique value approach to investing.
 
 Learn More





 
Our Focus


In an era where investment products proliferate, yet seem more alike than ever before, Flippin, Bruce & Porter stands out. For three decades, we have continued to achieve growth for our clients and our company by doing one thing and doing it very well. We are and will remain practitioners of large-cap investing.
 
 Learn More





 
Key Professionals


The human factor is essential to the successful management of investment portfolios. The human factor is equally important to running our firm effectively. Flippin, Bruce & Porter is led by a senior team of key professionals responsible for investment, marketing and management. Each of these individuals possesses not only expertise and experience, but also an innate sense of quality, fairness and integrity. They are worthy of both your trust and confidence.
 
 Learn More





 
Community Service


Flippin, Bruce & Porter believes in investing in our community. Throughout our history, our firm and our employees have dedicated time, service, and financial support to the greater Lynchburg community. In addition to the ongoing funding of various charities and local projects, our employees have a rich tradition of board involvement covering multiple institutions. The Flippin, Bruce & Porter Executive Committee reviews funding requests on a quarterly basis, making decisions based on value to the overall community. Over the years, we have made significant pledges for the greater good of our city and the local area.
 
 Learn More









About

An Introduction
Our Focus
Key Professionals

John T. Bruce, CFA
Norman D. Darden III, CFA
John H. Hanna IV
David J. Marshall, CFA
J. Scott Morrell, CFA
R. Gregory Porter III
Teresa L. Sanderson
George D. Vermilya, Jr., CFA
Michael E. Watson


Community Service























John H. Hanna IV | Flippin, Bruce & Porter



 







LOADING
        

















Key Professionals

Home / About / Key Professionals / John H. Hanna IV

John H. Hanna IVDirector of Marketing, Principal 

1998–Present Flippin, Bruce & Porter, Inc.
1992–1998 Trevor Stewart Burton & Jacobsen, Inc., Director of Marketing and Client Services
1988–1992 PaineWebber, Inc., National Sales Manager, Managed Account Services
1986–1988 E. F. Hutton & Co., Associate National Product Manager; Divisional VP
1985–1986 SASS Southmark, Regional VP
1984–1985 J.C. Bradford, Registered Representative/Sales Manager
1980–1984 E.F. Hutton & Co., Investment Executive
ABJ, Public Relations/Advertising, University of Georgia
 Email 




About

An Introduction
Our Focus
Key Professionals

John T. Bruce, CFA
Norman D. Darden III, CFA
John H. Hanna IV
David J. Marshall, CFA
J. Scott Morrell, CFA
R. Gregory Porter III
Teresa L. Sanderson
George D. Vermilya, Jr., CFA
Michael E. Watson


Community Service





















Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc in Lynchburg, VA 24504 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Virginia
» Lynchburg
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc













Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





800 Main st Fl 2 202 Ste Lynchburg, Virginia 24504


(434) 845-4900
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc is located at the address 800 Main st Fl 2 in Lynchburg, Virginia 24504.  They can be contacted via phone at (434) 845-4900 for pricing, hours and directions.  Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc has an annual sales volume of 5M – 9,999,999.  .For more information contact Mellon  Bank,  or  go to www.fbpinc.comFlippin Bruce & Porter Inc provides Wealth Management, Cash Management, Insurance to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Annuities
, IRAs
, Bonds
, Treasury Bonds
, Commodities
, Mortgages
, Futures
, Government Securities
, Industrial Policies



SERVICES


College Funding
, Income Planning
, Insurance
, Wealth Management
, Investment Services
, Short Term Planning
, Family Wealth Planning
, Business Banking
, Cash Management
, Retirement Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (434) 845-4900
Website: www.fbpinc.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Greg
Main Contact Last Name: Porter
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 41
Exact Sales Volume: 610-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Professionals On Staff: Accountants
Sales Volume: 5M – 9,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Cosby Charitable


501 V E S rd Apt C606  Lynchburg, Virginia 24503




Okuley Group Inc


101 Northwynd Cir  Lynchburg, Virginia 24502




Sovran Investment Corporation


  Lynchburg, Virginia 24501




The Trust Company of Virginia


203B Archway Ct  Lynchburg, Virginia 24502




Davenport & Company Llc


1104 Commerce St  Lynchburg, Virginia 24504




Westward Investment Properties LLC


2600 Memorial Ave Ste Ll1 Ll1 Ste Lynchburg, Virginia 24501





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Mellon  Bank

Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



V  Second
DIRECTOR
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Girard  Bank
INVESTMENT OFFICER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



John  Bruce
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Justin  Klestinski
REGIONAL MARKETING MANAGER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Sean  Langley
MARKETING STAFF
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Stuart  Smith
SENIOR PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Ted  Julian
DIRECTOR
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



First  Colony
DIRECTOR
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Dean  Witter
ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE
Phone: 434845 490 
 



John  Flippin
PRESIDENT
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Judith  Gillette
MANAGER DATABASE
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Linda  Blankinship
SYSTEMS ANALYST
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Tammy  Gallimore
EXECUTIVE
Phone: 434845 490 
 



Royce  Flippin
PRESIDENT
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Connie  Barksdale

Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



David  Marshall
PORTFOLIO MANAGER AND PRINCIPAL
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



David R Gardner
PORTFOLIO MANAGER AND PRINCIPAL
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



J. Scott  Morrell
MANAGER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Michael  Watson
CONTROLLER
Phone: 434845 490 
 



R  Porter
DIRECTOR/CLIENT SERVICES AND FOUNDER
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Thomas  Antonelli
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (434) 522-7211 
 



A  Richard
SECURITY ANALYST
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



Amsouth  Bank

Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



San  State
DIRECTOR OF CLIENT SERVICES
Phone: (434) 845-4900 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INCThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSFFLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INCLocationLynchburg, VARevenue$3mTotal Funding$âFounded-Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitewww.fbpinc.com/LinkedInâFBP manages investment portfolios for clients such as universities, hospitals,
retirement plans, endowments and foundations. Accounts are separately managed in
accordance with the account's overall investment guidelines and objectives. We
provide both equity, balanced and dividend portfolio management services. By
consistently applying our value investment discipline, we strive to meet the
investment objectives within the context of the account's overall investment
guidelines. To learn more...  read more about FBP, please review the information belowKeywordsinvestment banking,financeRecent News from FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INCStart trial to view recent news about FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service






















Lynchburg Business Directory. Restaurants, Contractors, Shopping and Savings, Local Services







 




























Lynchburg, VA






Business Directory






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B










Explore:

Latest Deals
Restaurants with Online Menu
Restaurants with Online Order
Businesses Recently Added




                Attorneys
              



                Auto
              



                      Auto Repair
                    



                      Car Dealers
                    



                      Car Washes
                    





                Automotive
              



                      Auto Maintenance & Repair Services
                    



                      Car Rental & Leasing
                    



                      Car Washing & Detailing
                    





                Bars
              



                Beauty
              



                      Barbers
                    



                      Beauty salons
                    



                      Nails salons
                    



                      Tanning
                    





                Beauty & Spa
              



                      Nail Salons
                    



                      Tanning Salons
                    





                Caterers Food Services
              



                Child Care & Day Care Services
              



                Chiropractor
              



                Clothing & Appareal
              



                      Department Store
                    



                      Jewelry
                    





                Computer Repair
              



                Computer Stores
              



                Contractors
              



                      Electrical Contractors
                    



                      Painting Contractors
                    



                      Plumbing Contractors
                    





                Dentists
              



                Events
              



                      Caterers
                    



                      Party Supplies
                    





                Food
              



                      Bagels
                    



                      Bakeries
                    



                      Barbeque
                    



                      Beer, wine & spirits
                    



                      Delicatessen
                    



                      Delis
                    



                      Italian
                    



                      Pizza
                    



                      Sandwiches
                    



                      Steakhouses
                    



                      Take Out & Delivery
                    





                Fun
              



                      Amusements Parks
                    



                      Bars & Pubs
                    



                      Cinema
                    



                      Fitness & Recreation
                    





                Fun Activities
              



                      Amusement Parks
                    



                      Movie Theaters
                    





                Games & Hobbies
              



                Gym & Health Clubs
              



                Health
              



                      Dentist
                    



                      Optometrist
                    





                Hospitals
              



                Liquor & Alcohol Stores
              



                Optometrists
              



                Other
              



                      Books, Magazines, & Newspapers Stores
                    



                      Office Equipment Supplies & Furniture
                    



                      Used Merchandise
                    





                Restaurants by Cousine
              



                      Barbecue
                    



                      Chinese
                    



                      Italina
                    



                      Mexican
                    



                      Steak House
                    





                Restaurants by Type
              



                      Delivery
                    



                      Pizza Restaurant
                    



                      Sandwich Shop
                    





                Services
              



                      Carpet Cleaning
                    



                      Carpet Rug & Upholstery Cleaners
                    



                      Child Care & Day Care
                    



                      Computer Repair & IT
                    



                      Dry Cleaning & Laundry
                    



                      Electricians
                    



                      Keys & Locksmiths
                    



                      Landscaping
                    



                      Locksmiths
                    



                      Painters
                    



                      Pest Control
                    



                      Pest Control Services
                    



                      Plumbing
                    



                      Self Storage
                    





                Shopping
              



                      Bookstores
                    



                      Computers
                    



                      Department Stores
                    



                      Electronics
                    



                      Florists
                    



                      Jewelry & Watches
                    



                      Office Supplies
                    



                      Sporting Goods
                    



                      Thrift Stores
                    



                      Toy, Games & Hobbies
                    





                Travel
              



                      Airline
                    



                      Car Rental
                    



                      Travel Agencies
                    






Top Deals






Business in Lynchburg, VA
        
 Follow










 Lynchburg Humane Society Inc 

posted

  5 days ago






            
            Lynchburg Humane Society
          






This sweet girl was found a few days ago near Tyreeanna Rd wearing a collar with a leash attached. If you know this lost pet, please contact us at 434-448-0088 so we can reunite her with her people!







          Lynchburg Humane Society Inc
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Gamestop Video Games 

posted

  6 days ago






            
            Nintendo Summer of Play
          






Nintendo Summer of Play | GameStop







          Gamestop Video Games
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 MACY'S DEPARTMENT STORE 

posted

  6 days ago






            
            Shop for and Buy 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 Online
          






Shop for and buy 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 online at Macy's. Find 4505338, 2631402, 4785798, 4688502, 4456996 at Macy's







          MACY'S DEPARTMENT STORE
            LYNCHBURG, VA









 Send
        



















 84 Lumber 

posted

  6 days ago






            
            CREATE - Metrie
          






Make everything outside a little more glamorous with architrave-adorned windows. This project redefines what it means to have a room with a view by combining Fashion Forward™ architraves and casings with a smooth, neutral paint.







          84 Lumber
            Madison Heights, VA









 Send
        



















 Belk 

posted

  6 days ago






            
            Kaari Blue Women's Dresses
          






Interested in Dresses? Shop Belk.com or instore & take advantage of our amazing deals & offers! Don't forget - free shipping on qualifying orders, plus easy returns!







          Belk
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Gamestop Video Games 

posted

  7 days ago






            
            Summer Convention Exclusives
          






GameStop has a huge selection of new and used games at fantastic prices. Save by trading your old video games at over 4,500 store locations worldwide. Shop online at GameStop.com for popular PS 3, PlayStation 3, playstation3, PS3, PS 2, PS2, PlayStation 2, playstation2, PSP, Nintendo Wii, Wii, Nintendo DS, DS, X Box, Xbox360, Xbox 360, Game Cube...







          Gamestop Video Games
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 DAVID JAMES HOMES 

posted

  7 days ago






            
            - Gallery of Homes -
          






Gallery of Homes -  *Homes shown above may have custom features and not reflect pricing shown







          DAVID JAMES HOMES
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 The American Legion 

posted

  7 days ago






            
            Isakson, Tester Introduce Comprehensive G.I. Bill Reforms
          






United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs







          The American Legion
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center 

posted

  7 days ago






            
            Hiring Your First Sales Team? Consider Avoiding These Mistakes
          






Getting the right people on board can matter, right from the start.







          Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Anthem James River Splash & Dash 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            James River Association
          






Did you know that stormwater, or rainwater that runs off hard surfaces such as rooftops, streets and parking lots, represents the fastest growing source of pollution in the James River?...







          Anthem James River Splash & Dash
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Chico's Clothing Store 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            The New Nautical
          






Shop the latest in women's designer fashion and clothing. Chico's carries full lines of jackets, tops, pants, jeans, dresses, skirts and accessories.







          Chico's Clothing Store
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            How to Keep Up With Social Media Updates in 10 Minutes a Day
          






Keeping up with new changes on the various social media platforms is essential to staying ahead on social media.







          Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Hot Topic 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            hot topic faqs
          






ht faq







          Hot Topic
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Lifeway Christian Stores 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            The Real Reason We Don’t Read Our Bibles
          






Why you shouldn’t just open the Bible for a nugget of wisdom to get you through the day.







          Lifeway Christian Stores
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Church of the Covenent United Church of Christ 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            Get to Know Your Neighbor then Share Your Story on Social Media
          






From July 20th to 27th the Know Your Neighbor: Multifaith Encounters coalition will be sharing stories on various social media platforms to demonstrate the importance of “Knowing Your Neighbor.” Social media is a powerful tool in sharing ideas and beliefs and this summer and beyond we hope to use these platforms to help encourage understanding...







          Church of the Covenent United Church of Christ
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            Policy Group Argues It's Time to End the Failed War on Drugs
          






On a typical night in America, 133,000 people are in jail just for drug possession at vast cost to themselves and taxpayers.







          Sir Speedy Printing & Copying Center
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        



















 GTI ARBORISTS 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            Using the Search Block
          






The Search Block adds a search field to your site. You can set the Search Block to show results from across your site or limit results to one content collection.
How search results populate
Like ...







          GTI ARBORISTS
            CONCORD, NH









 Send
        



















 Merry Maids 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            How to Clean a Burned Pot
          






Scorched another pot? Don't throw it away. With a little effort and some ingredients from your pantry, you can return that burnt pot or pan back to its former glory.







          Merry Maids
            Bend, OR









 Send
        




















        Susse Chalet Hotel See Fairfield Inn
      

posted

  8 days ago






            
            Marriott's Brian King Says New Integrated Sales Team Is 'Fully Deployed': Meetings & Conventions
          






Objective is to provide seamless experiences for meeting planners, says the company's global sales officer.







          Susse Chalet Hotel See Fairfield Inn
            Boston, MA









 Send
        



















 Berglund Toyota 

posted

  8 days ago






            
            New Toyota Special Offers
          






Specials on new Toyota models from Berglund Toyota of Lynchburg, VA. Take a look and save money! Toyota serving Roanoke and Lynchburg, VA.







          Berglund Toyota
            Lynchburg, VA









 Send
        


















        Show more
        











 
 


Albuquerque (NM)
Arlington (TX)
Atlanta (GA)
Austin (TX)
Baltimore (MD)
Boston (MA)
Charlotte (NC)
Chicago (IL)
Cleveland (OH)


Colorado Springs (CO)
Columbus (OH)
Dallas (TX)
Denver (CO)
Detroit (MI)
El Paso (TX)
Forth Worth (TX)
Fresno (CA)
Honolulu (HI)


Houston (TX)
Indianapolis (IN)
Jacksonville (FL)
Kansas City (KS)
Las Vegas (NV)
Long Beach (CA)
Los Angeles (CA)
Louisville (KY)
Memphis (TN)


Mesa (AZ)
Miami (FL)
Milwaukee (WI)
Minneapolis (MN)
Nashville (TN)
New Orleans (LA)
New York (NY)
Oakland (CA)
Oklahoma City, OK)


Omaha (NE)
Philadelphia (PA)
Phoenix (AZ)
Portland (OR)
Raleigh (NC)
Sacramento (CA)
San Antonio (TX)
San Diego (CA)
San Francisco (CA)


San Jose, (CA)
Seattle (WA)
Tucson (AZ)
Tulsa (OK)
Virginia Beach (VA)
Washington (DC)




 


Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
Florida (FL)


Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)


Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)


Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)


Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)


Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)





Business listings in Lynchburg  

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z

Newly Added












Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter













 I want to contact Hubbiz





















FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC
                    

HTTP://WWW.FBPINC.COM
•   LYNCHBURG, VA
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Flippin Bruce & Porter is based out of Lynchburg. Flippin Bruce & Porter is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $484,547,672 (Form ADV from 2017-03-28).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $432,340,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 27.94%. Flippin Bruce & Porter's largest holding is JPMorgan Chase & Co. with shares held of 187,276.  Flippin Bruce & Porter has met the qualifications for inclusion in our WhaleScore system.    WhaleWisdom has at least 68 13F filings in our database for Flippin Bruce & Porter. 
                                           






Equal-WTWhaleScore
?


66
S&P 500WhaleScore
?



Manager WeightedWhaleScore
?















Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


OXY
        
        Occidental Petroleu...
0.588%



LYB
        
        LyondellBasell Indu...
0.413%



HPQ
        
        HP Inc
0.338%



COH
        
        Coach, Inc.
0.322%



CSCO
        
        Cisco Systems, Inc.
0.298%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


BBY
         
         Best Buy Co., Inc.
0.941%


NUE
         
         Nucor Corp.
0.714%


WU
         
         Western Union Co. (...
0.703%


HPE
         
         Hewlett Packard Ent...
0.637%


MRK
         
         Merck & Co
0.55%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


JPM
                                                  
                                                  JPMorgan Chase & Co.
3.8049%


AAPL
                                                  
                                                  Apple Inc
3.3094%


IBM
                                                  
                                                  International Business Mach...
3.2393%


CSCO
                                                  
                                                  Cisco Systems, Inc.
2.9259%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
2.8145%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $432.34 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $410.783 Million
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases51 stocks
Sold out of4 stocks
Reduced holdings in23 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %27.94%
Turnover %
                        [1]:5.33%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:7.91%
Time Held Top20:13.50 quarters
Time Held Top10:12.70 quarters
Time Held All:29.28 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-0.72%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
10.63%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2010 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2006 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2005 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2004 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2003 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2002 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2001 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2001 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2005-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2004-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2003-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2002-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2001-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC
 
800 MAIN STREET
2ND FLOOR

LYNCHBURG
VA
            
        24504-1508
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          434-845-4900
Fax:
              434-846-3846


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
VA


Number of employees:
13


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Hourly charges,ASSETS UNDER A  RESEARCH PROVIDER ARRANGEMENT



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.FBPINC.COM
HTTP://WWW.FBPFUNDS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for FLIPPIN BRUCE & PORTER INC
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























