


Brummer & Partners Backs Doug Greenig's Florin Court Capital with $500M Allocation | FINalternatives






























 




Friday, 28 July 2017
Last updated 17 hours ago










Send us News Tips!







 








HomepageAbout UsDirectoryEventsConferencesWebinarsCharity EventsJobsAdvertiseFuturesHard AssetsFINtech 



The Daily Alpha
Hedge Funds
Private Equity
Liquid Alts.
People Moves
Regulation
Halls of Justice
Institutional
Tech & Services
Indices
In Depth
Contributors
Lifestyle







Brummer & Partners Backs Doug Greenig's Florin Court Capital with $500M Allocation
Mar 17 2016  |  9:28pm ET

Former AHL chief risk officer Douglas Greenig has raised around $500 million for his new hedge fund from Stockholm-based Brummer & Partners.
The allocation brings assets managed by Greenig’s Florin Court Capital to approximately $900 million, according to a Bloomberg article, which ranks it among the largest hedge fund startups of the last twelve months. 
Brummer’s involvement was envisioned at the outset, according to UK regulatory filings naming a Brummer executive as a Florin Court director when it was formed. The $16 billion Swedish hedge fund company seeds and invests in hedge funds around the world. 
Greenig, who was a fixed-income prop trader for Goldman Sachs before moving to roles at Greenwich Capital, Fortress and Castlerock Macro before becoming the chief risk officer role at Man Group’s AHL unit in May 2013. He left AHL in November 2014 to form Florin Court, and was joined in the effort by former AHL colleagues Anthony Vinitsky as COO and David Denison as deputy CIO.
London-based Florin Court was founded in early 2015 and officially launched in August. A quantitative macro fund, it uses complex mathematical models to take positions across various asset classes and markets. It has returned 5.7% through the end of February 2016, according to Bloomberg.






 E-mail This

 Print This

 Order Reprints

 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Facebook.







Related Links

New Jersey Eyes Brummer, Winton For $100M MandatesSwedish Quant To Shut After Brummer Backs OutGoldman Vets To Shutter Benros CapitalBrummer Closes Asia Equity Fund After 15% LossBalyasny In London Hiring Spree







< Previous Article 

Next Article > 


 


More News
Partners Group Raises €6B For Direct Private Equity ProgramCerberus Takes 5% Stake in Germany's CommerzbankYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundLiquidityBook Names Ex-Twitter Exec Carroll To Chief Architect PostNeuberger Berman Raises $450M For CLO Risk Retention PoolPreqin: Investors In Asia Pacific Increase Hedge Fund AllocationsOCIO Specialist Hirtle Callaghan Taps Evans For Client EngagementThird Point Said To Gain 4.6% In Q2, Add Alibaba And BlackRock To PortfolioCommonWealth Opportunity Said To Close As Fisher Joins SorosHedge Fund Holdings of Puerto Rico COFINA Debt Revealed In Court FilingNuveen Appoints UBS's Van Etten As Multi-Asset CIODeutsche Asset Management Raises €1.8B For New European Infrastructure FundPictet Asset Management Taps Horn As Head Of Total Return EquitiesAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund Industry 



In DepthAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund IndustryJul 26 2017  |  5:55pm ETIt is a hedge fund industry truism that the largest managers receive the most attention...LifestyleCFA Institute To Add Computer Science To Exam CurriculumMay 24 2017  |  9:25pm ETStarting in 2019, financial industry executives sitting for the coveted Chartered...Guest ContributorRastegar: PE Real Estate Gains Momentum as Uncertainty RisesJul 21 2017  |  6:04pm ETThe steady march of equity markets and fundamental shift in the direction of Fed...  





FINalternatives Trending


 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

 Ex-Weiss, UBS Execs Prepping Launch of New Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund   

 Melkman's Light Sky Macro Said To Be Backed By Hedge Fund Giants   

more >>FINalternatives Most Popular


 The Future of Private Equity: New Opportunities, New Challenges   

 Former MSD Capital Analyst Convicted Of Insider Trading   

 Och-Ziff Capital Management Suffers $13B in Redemptions In Past 13 Months   

 Night Square Capital Partners Said To Close As Founders Join Citadel   

 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

more >>more >>



From the current issue of
  
 




 Beyond the tear sheet: War stories from the front lines of hedge fund due diligence 
 Investing in private partnership structures such as hedge funds, private equity and private real estate can be a fruitful and exciting endeavor, especially when venturing into asset classes that lack competition and efficiency. An important qualification to remember when beginning due diligence on a partnership is that no investment is perfect. Each one has its own risks, however esoteric or idiosyncratic, and risks change over time, as do the operations and other intricacies of investment management.   

 
 See more select articles from MODERN TRADER >>
View past issues of MODERN TRADER>>
Subscribe to the magazine >>
 

Hard Assets Trending


 Crude stocks may have snapped six-week build streak  

 Danger in bank accounts  

 Oil prices rise after report shows drop in U.S. stocks  

 Vanadium Batteries to power $27 billion off-grid energy market  

 Gold experiencing corrective setback  

more >>Futures Trending


 To scalp or swing trade? That is the question  

 Top 20 largest gold reserves by country (2014 Edition)  

 Understanding volatility term structure  

 10 rules of technical trading  

 5 advantages of commodity vs. equity options  

more >>



Upcoming Events

Total Alts 2017The 2nd Annual Evidence-Based Investing Conference



 












Subscribe



Follow



Magazine



 







FUTURES Magazine
Commodities
ETFs
Financials
Forex
Managed Funds
Market Analysis
News
Options
Regulation
Technology
Trading Strategies
Education
FUTURES Op-Ed

Futures


Favorites

Alpha Pages Editorial
FUTURES Magazine
Slideshows & Lists

Special Topics

Alpha Hunters
Bad Boys
High-Frequency Trading
Trader's Life
Trading Strategies





Trading Floor

Market Data
Hot Charts
Interactive Charts
LIVE S&P SQUAWK New!
Trading Calendar



FINalternatives


Hard Assets

Home
Base Metals
Precious Metals
Rare Earth Metals
Commodities
Mining Investments



The Alpha Pages


Alpha TV


All +


Follow Us +

FUTURES Magazine
Newsletters
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
RSS Feeds



About Us +

About
Advertise
Contact
Contribute
Privacy Policy






               ! 
            





















Florin Court Capital
























For information,please contact us at
info@florincourt.com

Register / Sign in





FLORIN COURT CAPITAL LLP31 MADDOX STREETLONDON W1S 2PB












Part of Brummer & Partners

This website is issued by Florin Court Capital LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with Registered Number OC397358, ("Florin"). Florin is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"). Unless otherwise specified, this website and its content ("Content") are owned by Florin, and the website may contain information, text, graphics, video, software, logos, and other materials that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights. No permission is granted to upload, copy, modify, post, frame, or distribute in any way any Content without obtaining the express permission of Florin. The Content is confidential and is not intended to influence you in making any investment decisions and should not be considered as advice or a recommendation to invest.  The Content in this web site may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own investment decisions using their own independent advisors and relevant offering material.  Any investment decisions must be based upon an investor's specific financial situation and investment objectives and should be based solely on the information in the relevant offering memorandum.  Income from or the price or value of any financial instruments may rise or fall. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.  Florin makes no representations whatsoever about the Content or any other content on any linked website and disclaims all responsibility therefore. Florin assumes no responsibility or liability for the correctness, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the Content, for any viruses contained in, or attached to, this website or for any loss, damage or lost opportunities resulting from the use of the Content.  You are not allowed to use this website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Florin, its affiliates and licensors, and the officers, partners, employees, and agents of Florin and its affiliates and licensors, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses, including legal fees and costs, arising out of or connected with your access to or use of this website. Your use of this website and any dispute arising from or in connection with the use of this website (whether contractual or non-contractual) is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.


COMMITMENT TO THE UK STEWARDSHIP CODE


Under Rule 2.2.3R of the Financial Conduct Authority's ("FCA") Conduct of Business Sourcebook, Florin Court Capital LLP ("FCC" or "the Firm"), to the extent it is managing investments for a professional client (as defined by the FCA), is required to include a disclosure about the nature of its commitment to the UK Financial Reporting Council's Stewardship Code (the "Code") or, where it does not commit to the Code, explain its considered choice based on the Firm's investment approach.  The Code is a voluntary code and sets out a number of principles relating to engagement by investors in UK-listed companies.


FCC's investment strategy is deployed across a wide range of futures, forwards, derivatives and cash instruments amongst diverse asset classes such as fixed-income, credit, foreign exchange and equities, and the Firm invests in these relevant asset classes across number of jurisdictions globally. Exposure to UK listed companies particularly is limited in terms of the overall positons held in the fund. Therefore, whilst FCC generally supports the objectives that underlie the Code, the nature of its investment strategy means that the Code's provisions are not of particular relevance and  therefore the Firm has chosen not to commit to the Code at this time.


COMMITMENT TO COMPLAINTS HANDLING AND THE FINANCIAL OMBUSDMAN SERVICE


You should contact us immediately if you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the AIF management services provided to you by Florin Court Capital LLP. Please write to Anthony Vinitsky at 31 Maddox Street, London, W1S 2PB or anthony.vinitsky@florincourt.com. We take every complaint seriously and your complaint will be handled in accordance with the relevant FCA rules, which may differ depending upon your status, although please note that it is Florin Court Capital LLP's policy to aim to resolve every complaint fairly and in a timely manner. Florin Court Capital LLP has a written internal complaints handling policy, as required by the FCA Rules. You can obtain a copy of this on request, and in the event you should have cause for complaint about the AIF management services which Florin Court Capital LLP provides to you, a copy of the policy will be sent to you.


In the event we fail to resolve a complaint to your satisfaction, or if we fail to do so within eight weeks of receiving your complaint, you may also be entitled to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service at Exchange Tower, Harbour Exchange Square, London, E14 9SR. Telephone: 0800 023 4 567 or at www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk.













Florin Court Capital LLP: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback



























florin court capital llp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Florin Court Capital LLP provides investment advisory services. The Company conducts its business in the United Kingdom.




Corporate Information
Address:

31 Maddox Street
London, W1S 2PB
United Kingdom


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.florincourt.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Douglas Scott Greenig "Doug"


Partner/Founder




Anthony Vinitsky


Partner/COO




David Denison


Partner




Stephane Fischhoff


Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































 



Florin Court Capital LLP - Sign in






























Florin Court Capital



Home


Sign in


Register













Legal Information





Legal Information


Please read this information carefully before proceeding further. This is a disclaimer which contains legal and regulatory notices relevant to the information and materials contained on this website (the “Information”) and sets out the terms by which you will be bound in accessing it. This website is issued by Florin Court Capital LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with Registered Number OC397358, (“Florin”).
The Information is not intended as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security and is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. In particular, the Information is not intended as marketing of the Funds in any member state of the European Economic Area for the purposes of the EU Directive 2011/61/EU. This Information is being communicated by Florin and in the United Kingdom, this presentation is only available to persons who are: (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 14 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (“CIS Order”); (ii) high net worth companies and certain other entities falling within Article 22 of the CIS Order; or (3) any other persons to whom such communication may be made in accordance with the relevant provisions of the FCA Conduct of Business Sourcebook. It must not be acted, or relied, upon by any other persons.
The funds managed by Florin (the “Funds”) are not registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any of the states of the United States and interests therein may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly into the United States, or to or for the account or benefit of any US person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of such securities laws. The securities will be subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. The Funds are not registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Company Act”). The Information is not intended for distribution in the United States or for the account of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under Securities Act) except to persons who are “qualified purchasers” (as defined in the Company Act) and “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act). Florin is not registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser. Florin is registered with the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) as a commodity pool operator and is a member of the National Futures Association. Florin is exempt from registration as a commodity trading advisor with the CFTC.
Your use of the Information is entirely at your own risk, for which Florin shall not be liable. The Information may be subject to change without notice. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the Information or their accuracy or completeness, and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation whether as to past or future performance. The Information is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial advice. Florin neither provides investment advice to, nor receives and transmits orders from, investors in the Funds nor does it carry on any other activities with or for such investors that constitute MIFID or equivalent third country business' for the purposes of the rules of the FCA. This website does not allow visitors to make investments in any of the Funds. If you require additional information, you should contact appropriate Florin personnel.
All persons who access this website are required to inform themselves of and to comply with all applicable sales restrictions in their home country. Access to this website and the Information (including, without limitation, information relating to the Funds) is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) it is prohibited to access this website or direct the Information for any reason. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. When access to any part of this website is restricted and require a password, no person who has not been issued with such a password should attempt to gain access to such part of the website. Persons who have been issued a password must keep it confidential and may not transfer to another person and is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their password. Neither Florin, nor any of its directors, officers or employees, nor any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this website, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this website or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of this website or the Information, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Florin or of any vendor providing software or services support. In no event will Florin be liable to you for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental damages or any other damages of any kind even if Florin or any other party have been advised of the possibility thereof.
Also, by entering the password-protected section of this website you agree and confirm to Florin that:
(a) you have chosen to access this website on your own initiative and not as a result of prior marketing or solicitation by Florin;
(b) you will not distribute, copy or otherwise reproduce any of the Information;
(c) you acknowledge that the Information is not intended as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security, and that the Information is provided for your information only;
(d) you understand that the Information is not intended for distribution to, or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation;
(e) if you are resident or have a registered office in the European Economic Area, you are a professional investor as defined for the purposes of the Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers; and
(f) if you are a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), you are a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in the Company Act) and an "accredited investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act).




Sign in



 
User name *




Password *




Terms 
            *




I have read and accepted the terms set out in the legal disclaimer.




Remember me 
    



Stay logged in




Leave blank



Sign in



Forgotten password?






 

















Florin Court Capital Fund – RCM Alternatives







































































CTAs: Looking to work with RCM? Click Here!




















Search for:



 





Florin Court Capital Fund



Home
Florin Court Capital Fund
























+                    


+                

 





















QEP





 



0%
			RETURN
		

0%
			RISK
		

$0
            MINIMUM
		


 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
TRACK RECORD LENGTH
SHARPE RATIO
















Assets UnderManagement









Return/RiskRating









Track RecordLength









Stock MarketCorrelation




 






MISC & DISCLAIMERS











 









































































 



Home
About

What We Do
How It Works
Our Team
History


Performance

View Curated Collections
Search the Database


Services

High Net Worth Investors
Institutional Investors
Asset Managers
Futures Traders & Hedgers

Futures Brokerage & Execution
Hedging & Ag Trading
Automated Trading Systems




Education

Why Alternatives
Managed Futures
Live Events & Meetings
FAQ


Blog
Contact RCM
Client Login










