   Fidelity Investments - Retirement, Funds, and Online Trading                                                           Need Help?    Open an Account     Open an Account   Log Out              Achieve more when you pay less   With no annual fees, and some of the most competitive prices in the industry, we help your money go further.   Find out more                       Why invest with Fidelity   Planning and advice  From complex wealth management to your retirement needs, we can help you with financial planning.   Straightforward pricing  With low minimums, no annual account fees, and competitive prices, we can help your money go further.   Robust investing tools  Get easy-to-use tools and the latest professional insights from our team of specialists.            Get your retirement score in 60 seconds Knowing where you stand is crucial. Use this tool to see how prepared you are for retirement, and what steps you may need to work on.  Get your score now        Comprehensive wealth planning Get tailored strategies from a dedicated team to help preserve and grow your wealth, create a charitable legacy, plan for retirement, and more.        Our straightforward and transparent offerings  Value Tools & Guidance Service    Value       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Vanguard     Online U.S. equity and option trades $4.95* $6.95 $4.95 $7–$20   Online options (per contract rate) $0.65 $0.75 $0.65 $1.00   Lowest margin rates† 4.25% 6.50% 6.00% 5.25%   Leader in displaying price improvement on trades  -- -- --   In-depth research from 20+ independent providers  -- -- --   Buy the most commission-free iShares® ETFs online 70 47 0 0     Table compares pricing for retail investors.  Tools & Guidance       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     See how you're tracking against your retirement goals with a tool that provides your retirement score in just 60 seconds   The Fidelity Retirement ScoreSM  -- -- --   Manage entry and exit trading strategies using 10 pieces of information in 1 easy-to-use tool   Trade Armor® --  -- --   Access to an online service that guides you through the estate planning process and helps you identify an attorney   Fidelity Estate PlannerSM -- -- -- --   Get a wide range of wealth planning & management services tailored to your individual goals          Service       Fidelity TD Ameritrade Schwab Merrill Lynch Vanguard     Reps available 24/7    -- --   National branch network     --   Reimbursement for unauthorized activity                    Best Online Broker 2016, 2017    Best Overall Online Broker 5-time winner    Top Online Brokerage Firm 2015, 2016 & 2017     Review Fidelity Brokerage Services with FINRA's BrokerCheck              Whatever you're investing for, we can help Whether you need a trading account, or a Rollover, Traditional, or Roth IRA—it only takes a few minutes to open an account.  Open an Account            Learn more about our highly rated accounts  Trading with our  Brokerage Account  4.3 Stars Saving for retirement  with our Rollover IRA  4.3 Stars Simplifying with our  Cash Management Account  4.1 Stars    See ratings for all products and services           Get insights from our experts       Roth IRA conversions  Before converting an IRA to a Roth IRA, consider these strategies.       Q3 sector report  Industrials, Tech, and other cyclicals may benefit from recent trends.       Kids and taxes  Do you know the tax implications if your child has income?      See all Fidelity Viewpoints® articles         Sign up for Fidelity Viewpoints®  Get a weekly email of our pros' current thinking about financial markets, investing strategies, and personal finance.     First Name       Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte   First name is required.   First name can not exceed 30 characters.   Please enter a valid first name. e.g. John, D'Monte        Last Name       Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.   Last name is required.   Last name can not exceed 60 characters.   Please enter a valid last name. e.g. Doe.        Email       Enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.   Email is required.   Email address must be 5 characters at minimum.   Email address can not exceed 100 characters.   Please enter a valid email address. e.g. name@fidelity.com.        Subscribe         Thank you for subscribing.   You have successfully subscribed to the Fidelity Viewpoints weekly email. You should begin receiving the email in 7–10 business days.   We were unable to process your request.   Please Click Here to go to Viewpoints signup page.                                                                 DJIA information currently unavailable                    NASDAQ information currently unavailable                    S&P 500 information currently unavailable      Your Today’s Markets information is currently unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please try again later.        We're here to help—however and whenever you need it No matter what financial questions you have, we're here to work with you on your terms.    Questions?  800-343-3548    Chat with a  representative    Find an Investor  Center        Other Fidelity Sites:   For Individuals For Employers For Investment Professionals               Terms of Use  Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal).   * Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 5/26/2017, for TD Ameritrade, Schwab and Vanguard for online U.S. equity trades. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. For Vanguard, commissions based on assets in Vanguard funds: Less than $50,000, first 25 trades $7.00, subsequent trades $20.00, those with assets starting at $50,000 or more in Vanguard funds may be eligible for a free trades and subsequent trades for as low as $2.00 per trade. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider's website for any additional information and restrictions.   † 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%   Trade Armor is a part of Active Trader Pro®. Active Trader Pro is automatically made available to brokerage account customers trading 36 times or more in a rolling 12-month period. If you do not meet the eligibility criteria, please contact Active Trader Services at 1-800-564-0211 to request access.   Based on data from IHS Markit for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders executed at Fidelity from April 1, 2016, to March 31, 2017. The comparison is based on an analysis of price statistics that include market orders and marketable limit orders of 100–1,999 shares. Price improvement examples are based on averages, and any price improvement amounts related to your trades will depend on the particulars of your specific trade. Fidelity's average retail order size for SEC Rule 605 eligible orders (100–9999 shares) during this time period was 1,093 shares.   ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.   Price improvement details provided for certain domestic stock and single-leg option orders entered during market hours after the primary opening, provided there is a National Best Bid and Offer (NBBO) at the time the order is placed. Price improvement details are provided for informational purposes only and are not used for regulatory reporting purposes. See Fidelity.com for more details.   Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade's $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade's commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.   IMPORTANT: The projections or other information generated by Fidelity Retirement Score regarding the likelihood of various investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature, do not reflect actual investment results, and are not guarantees of future results. Results may vary with each use and over time.   The Fidelity Retirement Score is a hypothetical illustration and does not represent your individual situation or the investment results of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is not a guarantee of future results. Your score does not consider the composition of current savings and other factors.   Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts.   Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.   There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.   System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.   Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.   Ratings based on 1,131 reviews for Brokerage Account, 886 reviews for Rollover IRA Account and 1,186 reviews for Cash Management Account, 12/21/16.   The initial customer ratings and reviews for this product (those dated before 12/21/2016) were provided to Fidelity through an email solicitation for feedback on the product. All ratings and reviews are provided to Fidelity on a voluntary basis and are screened in accordance with the guidelines set forth in our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. For additional information on which ratings and reviews may be posted, please refer to our Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use. Featured reviews have been selected based on subjective criteria and have been reviewed by Fidelity Investments. The average rating is determined by calculating the mathematical average of all ratings that are approved for posting per the Customer Ratings and Reviews Terms of Use, and does not include any ratings that did not meet the guidelines and were therefore not posted). Ratings and reviews are added continuously to the Web site (after a delay for screening against guidelines), and average ratings are updated dynamically as reviews are added or removed.   The ratings and experiences of customers may not be representative of the experiences of all customers or investors and are not indicative of future success. The accuracy of information included in the customer ratings and reviews cannot be guaranteed by Fidelity Investments. Customers who post ratings may be responsible for disclosing whether they have a financial interest or conflict in submitting a rating or review.   Please contact a Fidelity representative if you have any questions or concerns about the ratings and reviews posted here.   Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.   Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC, 900 Salem Street, Smithfield, RI 02917    782377.13.0             Mutual Funds   ETFs   Fixed Income   Bonds   CDs   Options  Active Trader Pro    Stocks   Online Trading   Annuities   Life Insurance & Long Term Care  Small Business Retirement Plans    IRAs   Retirement Products   Retirement Planning   529 Plans  FINRA's BrokerCheck Guest Access       Stay Connected      Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code          Please enter a valid ZIP code              Facebook      Twitter      LinkedIn      Google+      YouTube      Fidelity Mobile®              Careers   News Releases   About Fidelity   International       Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.   Terms of Use   Privacy   Security   Site Map  Accessibility  This is for persons in the U.S. only.               close     For Individuals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information on workplace savings and charitable programs. 401(k) Participants & Employees of Corporations 403(b) & 457(b) Participants & Employees of Non-profits Other Workplace Benefits (NetBenefits®) Fidelity Charitable MyMoney           close     For Employers       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer information for employers interested in workplace or institutional investing. Workplace Investing Fidelity Institutional Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ Designated Brokerage Services Fidelity Health Marketplace℠           close     For Investment Professionals       See the following Fidelity investment websites that offer professionals investment‐related resources. Fidelity Institutional Asset Management℠ RIAs, TPAs, Trust Institutions Broker-Dealers Family Offices Hedge Fund Managers Capital Markets           close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA       Open a Roth IRA           Open a Traditional IRA               Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account       Open a Cash Management Account           Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA      Open Now  Open a Roth IRA          Open Now  Open a Traditional IRA          Open Now        Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account      Open Now  Open a Cash Management Account          Open Now  Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.         See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Rollover IRA Open Now   Roth IRA Open Now   Traditional IRA Open Now    Investing & Savings  Brokerage Account Open Now   Cash Management Account Open Now   Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts       close      Retirement IRAs  Open a Rollover IRA    Open a Roth IRA    Open a Traditional IRA    Investing & Savings  Open a Brokerage Account    Open a Cash Management Account    Open Both Accounts  Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.     See All Accounts                  
Investment Banking: Financial and Investment Services | U.S. Bank 



Your browser does not support JavaScript !Skip Navigation: Internet Banking LoginYour browser's version is not compatible. Please upgrade your browser.Close
Skip Navigation: Internet Banking Login








Personal


Small Business


Commercial & Government





search
















Log In











Online Banking


Online Investing


Mortgage Account


TrustNow


TrustNow Essentials










About U.S. Bank


Customer Service


Locations












Online & MobileBanking




Overview


Online Banking


Bill Pay


Mobile Banking


Online Investing






Checking & Savings




Checking


Savings & CDs


Debit Card


Student Banking






Credit Cards& Prepaid Cards




Credit Cards


Find My Card Offers


Know Your Credit Card


FlexPerks Credit Cards


Visa Gift Cards


Student Banking






Mortgage& Refinance




Home Loans


Mortgage


Refinance


Mortgage Calculators:


First-Time Home Buyer Help


Find a MortgageLoan Originator






Loans &Lines of Credit




Home Equity


Auto Loans


Boat Loans


RV Loans


Personal Line of Credit






Investing &Wealth Management




Overview


Products & Services


Your Goals


Wealth Management


Why Invest with U.S. Bank







U.S. Bank HomeInvestments and Wealth ManagementInvestment Products and Financial ServicesInvestment Products and Financial Services
U.S. Bank and its affiliate, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., have advisors who can help you with a wide range of investment, banking and insurance products and services.Financial PlanningThe first step to helping you achieve your goals is having a plan in place. Our advisors can help you clearly define your goals and work with you to create a strategy to help address them.Private BankingAn exclusive bank within U.S. Bank, dedicated to servicing the complex financial needs of Private Clients.Retirement PlanningOur financial professionals will work with you to help develop and implement your retirement savings strategy. And once you reach retirement, we can help you understand your ongoing income needs and manage your portfolio.IRAs and Retirement ServicesHelp find the right choices for your retirement, including contributory Traditional and Roth IRAs, rollovers, Roth IRA conversions and more.Invest On Your OwnInvest with confidence by taking advantage of the tools and convenience of the U.S. Bancorp Investments online brokerage option.Investment ManagementToday’s fast-paced markets can be challenging. Professionally managed investment options may open the investment world to you.InsurancePersonalized insurance strategies through U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. can help you protect what matters and may even help build wealth.Investment Products GlossaryHere are definitions for some of today’s most popular investment options. We can help you understand the variety of options that are available and help you diversify your portfolio.Education Funding Help take advantage of the latest tools to help you deal with the rising cost of education. We can help you set up 529 plans, Coverdell education savings accounts and custodial accounts.Investment products and financial services are provided through U.S. Bank and/or its affiliate, U.S. Bancorp Investments.Find What's Right for YouSave for Your RetirementRollover a 401(k)Private Client ServicesWe'll work with you to create customized savings and investment strategies to help you work toward your retirement goals.

You've worked hard to accumulate wealth through your workplace  plan. Help preserve it with a rollover or Roth conversion to a tax-advantaged IRA.

Comprehensive wealth management services include investment management, risk management and insurance1, private banking, trust and estate services and wealth planning.


1Insurance products and services are provided by U.S. Bancorp Investments.

Investment products and services are:
Not a Deposit•Not FDIC Insured•May Lose Value•Not Bank Guaranteed•Not Insured by any Federal Government Agency
This information represents the opinion of U.S. Bank and/or U.S. Bancorp Investments and is not intended to be a forecast of future events or a guarantee of future results. This information is designed to be educational and informative. It is not intended to provide recommendations, to provide specific advice concerning retirement accounts and investment planning, or to meet the needs of any particular investor. Investors should consult with their investment professionals for advice concerning their particular situations.U.S. Bank, U.S. Bancorp Investments and their representatives do not provide tax or legal advice. Each individual's tax and financial situation is unique. Individuals should consult their tax and/or legal advisor for advice and information concerning their particular situation.
For U.S. Bank:
 Equal Housing Leader. Credit products are offered by U.S. Bank National Association and subject to normal credit approval. Deposit products are offered by U.S. Bank National Association, Member FDIC.
U.S. Bank is not responsible for and does not guarantee the products, services or performance of U.S. Bancorp Investments.
The information provided represents the opinion of U.S. Bank and is not intended to be a forecast of future events or guarantee of future results. It is not intended to provide specific investment advice and should not be construed as an offering of securities or recommendation to invest. Not for use as a primary basis of investment decisions. Not to be construed to meet the needs of any particular investor. Not a representation or solicitation or an offer to sell/buy any security. Investors should consult with their investment professional for advice concerning their particular situation.For U.S. Bancorp Investments:
Investment products and services are available through U.S. Bancorp Investments, the marketing name for U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., member FINRA and SIPC, an investment adviser and a brokerage subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp and affiliate of U.S. Bank.
Insurance products are available through various affiliated non-bank insurance agencies, which are U.S. Bancorp subsidiaries. Products may not be available in all states. CA Insurance License# OE24641.
Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, U.S. Bancorp Investments must provide clients with certain financial information. The U.S. Bancorp Investments Statement of Financial Condition is available for you to review, print and download.The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 2267 provides for BrokerCheck to allow investors to learn about the professional background, business practices, and conduct of FINRA member firms or their brokers. To request such information, contact FINRA toll-free at 1.800.289.9999 or via http://brokercheck.finra.org. An investor brochure describing BrokerCheck is also available through FINRA.Get StartedInvest with an AdvisorWork with a dedicated advisor.Find an AdvisorCall to InvestTalk to a Financial Consultant at U.S. Bancorp Investments.Call UsInvest on Your OwnSet up a self-directed online brokerage account or IRA account with U.S. Bancorp Investments.Invest Now


About Us


Careers


Press Releases


Community Relations


Charitable Giving


Environmental Sustainability


Investor/Shareholder Information




Need Help?


Customer Service


Report Fraud


FAQs


Email Us


Accessibility




Manage Accounts


Pay Bills Online


Pay & View Your Mortgage


Pay & View Your Credit Card


Log in to Rewards Center in Online Banking


Online Statements


Account Alerts




Customer Favorites


Activate Your Debit Card


Find Your Routing Number


Order Checks


View CD Rates


 Find Mortgage Help & Repayment Options


Access REO (Bank-Owned) Properties






ÂŠ 2017 U.S. Bank National Association.



Achieve Blog


Careers


FAQ


Privacy


Online Tracking and Advertising


Site Map




Unsupported BrowserClose   Unsupported BrowserWe've detected that you are currently accessing this site using an older version of Internet Explorer. We have not designed this site to support older versions of Internet Explorer. Therefore, you may encounter issues with how the site is displayed and how you can navigate through the site when using this older browser. We highly recommend you upgrade your current browser or download a new version of a different browser.Upgrade Internet ExplorerAlternatively, you may want to download a new version of a different browser:			
			Download Mozilla FirefoxDownload Google ChromeDownload Safari  

Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user

















Outsourced CIO (OCIO) - Strategic Investment Group
























Skip to main content

















Enter your keywords 




 










  
 Why Strategic?
A true partner is one who
helps you shoulder the burden
of accountability.
 

  
 Strategic Investment Group
Pioneer in dedicated
Outsourced CIO (OCIO)
solutions since 1987.
 

  
 Why Outsource?
We function as our clients’
investment partner and
co-fiduciary, effectively
becoming an extension
of their resources.
 

  
 Our Leadership
Our mission is to empower
investors through experience,
innovation, and excellence.
 

  
 Our Thinking
The greatest success is
bestowed not on those who
follow trends, but on those
who anticipate them.
 

  
 Strategic Research Forum
"For people who love to explore what's best in investing with the best investors in the business, there's nothing like it."
-Ray Dalio, Bridgewater Associates
 


 








  
 Brief overview
Strategic Investment Group, a pioneer in dedicated Outsourced CIO (OCIO) solutions since 1987, offers a comprehensive service platform for managing customized portfolios for institutional and private investors. Our proprietary process combines active portfolio management, rigorous risk management, and open architecture manager selection.
  

 




News




 Jun 27, 2017 
 Newly Published "Endowment Management for Higher Education" Co-authored by Nikki Kraus and Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg  

 Jun 19, 2017 
 New FocusPoint Webinar: Clearing the Fog: The Role of GIPS Compliance in Promoting OCIO Performance Transparency  

 May 11, 2017 
 Nikki Kraus and David Ordoobadi Conducted a Roundtable Discussion at The Health Management Academy’s “The Academy” Spring CFO Forum  

 











Investment Company Products Flashcards | Quizlet






         









 

SearchCreateLog inSign upLog inSign up
AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads25 termsgabrielpassesInvestment Company ProductsInvestment Company ProductsSTUDYPLAYThe primary objective of a particular mutual fund is the payment of dividends, regardless of the market's current state. Capital growth is a secondary objective. Which of the following industry groups would be appropriate for the fund's portfolio? A) Consumer appliances.  B) Aerospace.  C) Computer technology.  D) Public utilities.Your answer, Public utilities., was correct!. Utilities are defensive industries; they tend to pay dividends consistently.Reference: 10.5.1.1.2 in the License Exam Manual.After a mutual fund's tenth year, performance statistics must show results for each of the following periods EXCEPT: A) 3 years.  B) 5 years.  C) 1 year.  D) 10 years.Your answer, 1 year., was incorrect. The correct answer was: 3 years.Mutual fund performance statistics must show results for 1, 5, and 10 years, or the life of the fund, whichever is shorter.Reference: 10.6.1 in the License Exam Manual.Customers could pay a commission, rather than a sales charge, for shares of a(n): A) mutual fund.  B) open-end investment company.  C) closed-end investment company.  D) front-end load fund.Your answer, closed-end investment company., was correct!. Sales charges could be paid on all types of open-end funds. Commissions are paid on securities traded in the secondary market, such as closed-end investment company shares.Reference: 10.1.1.3.1 in the License Exam Manual.According to investment company rules, open-end investment companies may NOT distribute long-term capital gains to their shareholders more frequently than: A) quarterly.  B) annually.  C) semiannually.  D) monthly.Your answer, annually., was correct!. Under the Act of 1940, investment companies may not distribute long-term capital gains more frequently than once per year.Reference: 10.8.1.3 in the License Exam Manual.A prospectus must be delivered to customers in all of the following transactions EXCEPT the sale of a: A) mutual fund.  B) publicly or exchange traded fund (ETF) in the secondary market.  C) new issue of registered common stock.  D) unit investment trust.Your answer, publicly or exchange traded fund (ETF) in the secondary market., was correct!. Publicly or exchange traded funds (closed-end funds) trading in the secondary market do not require the delivery of a prospectus.Reference: 10.1.1.3.1 in the License Exam Manual.Your customer lists liquidity as an important investment objective. Which of the following would be least suitable to meet the liquidity requirement? A) Hedge funds  B) Preferred stock mutual fund  C) Money market fund  D) A real estate investment trust (REIT)Your answer, Hedge funds, was correct!. Of the choices listed, hedge funds would be the least liquid. Because they are unregulated they can require minimum holding periods during which time shareholders cannot make withdrawals. Mutual fund and money market fund shares can be readily redeemed and REITs are equity securities trading on exchanges and therefore considered liquid.Reference: 10.11 in the License Exam Manual.All of the following statements concerning investment companies are true EXCEPT: A) an investment company that invests the majority of its assets in one industry may still qualify as a diversified company.  B) to be considered a diversified investment company, the company must invest in both equity and debt instruments.  C) a diversified company can be either an open-end or a closed-end investment company.  D) a nondiversified company is any management company not classified as a diversified company.Your answer, to be considered a diversified investment company, the company must invest in both equity and debt instruments., was correct!. A diversified investment company could be either a closed-end company or an open-end company. There is no requirement for a diversified company to have both equity and debt in its portfolio. An investment company can follow the 75-5-10 diversification formula and still invest within one industry (e.g., a technology fund).Reference: 10.1.1.3.3 in the License Exam Manual.A registered representative (RR) has just explained to a customer that to purchase a particular security the customer would pay the asking price plus a commission, not a sales charge. The RR is speaking of: A) a mutual fund.  B) a closed-end fund.  C) all management company offerings.  D) an open-end fund.Your answer, a closed-end fund., was correct!. A closed-end or exchange-traded fund is purchased on an exchange or over the counter where buyers pay the ask price plus a commission. Open-end (mutual) funds are purchased at the POP, which includes a sales charge. Management company offerings include both open-end and closed-end funds.Reference: 10.7.4.1 in the License Exam Manual.A broker/dealer selling open-end investment company shares will be required to return its entire selling concession if the principal underwriter has to repurchase those shares from a customer within how many business days of trade date? A) 60.  B) 7.  C) 15.  D) 30.Your answer, 7., was correct!. Any concession earned by the member selling the shares must be returned to the principal underwriter of the fund if the shares are redeemed within 7 business days of purchase.Reference: 10.7.6.1 in the License Exam Manual.The practice of dollar cost averaging requires the investor to: A) sell a security in a falling market and sell it in a rising market.  B) sell a security in a falling market and buy it in a rising market.  C) buy a security in a falling market and buy it in a rising market.  D) buy a security in a falling market and sell it in a rising marketYour answer, buy a security in a falling market and buy it in a rising market., was correct!. Dollar cost averaging requires the investor to invest a fixed amount of money on a regular basis regardless of whether the stock market is rising or falling.Reference: 10.9.1.1 in the License Exam Manual.If a couple has a long-term growth objective and is willing to accept a reasonable amount of risk, which of the following mutual funds is most suitable for them? A) Corporate bond fund.  B) Money market fund.  C) Common stock fund.  D) Municipal bond fund.Your answer, Common stock fund., was correct!. A common stock fund will help the couple meet their long-term growth objective.Reference: 10.5.1.1 in the License Exam Manual.A letter of intent for a mutual fund does NOT contain which of the following provisions? A) The fund can halt redemption during the period of time the letter of intent is in effect.  B) The time limit is 13 months.  C) The letter can be backdated 90 days to include a previous deposit.  D) The fund will keep some of the initially issued shares in an escrow account to ensure payment of the full sales load.Your answer, The fund can halt redemption during the period of time the letter of intent is in effect., was correct!. A letter of intent is not binding on the client in any way. Should the client decide to liquidate the account before completing the letter, the company will reduce the redemption by the amount of shares held in escrow.Reference: 10.7.5.1.1 in the License Exam Manual.Exchange traded funds: pass on capital gains to investors annually. can be bought and sold throughout the trading day. have high expense ratios. have low expense ratios.  A) I and IV.  B) II and III.  C) II and IV.  D) I and III.Your answer, II and III., was incorrect. The correct answer was: II and IV.Noted advantages of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are that they have low operating costs and thus low expense ratio's and can be bought and sold throughout the trading day.Reference: 10.1.1.3.1 in the License Exam Manual.A customer of a registered representative is considering a hedge fund investment and asks what the lock-up period means? The registered representative correctly explains it is A) the minimum length of time the hedge fund portfolio manager intends to hold any single investment within the portfolio  B) the length of time that is required to have the hedge fund registered with the SEC during which time the fund may not sell any shares  C) a period of time during which the fund manager will not make any changes (purchases or sales) within the hedge fund portfolio  D) a period of time during which liquidation of fund shares is prohibited by the fund, which means that there is an element of illiquidity to be consideredYour answer, a period of time during which liquidation of fund shares is prohibited by the fund, which means that there is an element of illiquidity to be considered, was correct!. Hedge funds generally employ a lock-up provision to ensure that capital invested by shareholders will remain with the fund long enough to ensure the manager's ability to implement the intended fund strategy and to begin to see the results of that strategy. There is no standard lock-up period, which can differ from fund to fund, and it should always be noted that during the lock-up period, the investment is essentially rendered illiquid.Which of the following statements are TRUE concerning hedge funds? They may not be suitable for discretionary accounts where account holders are not familiar with the risks associated with them. They are conservatively managed using no advanced or aggressive investment strategies without regulatory approval first. They may charge both an annual fee and a fee based on the funds' profits. They are subject to the same rules as mutual funds.  A) II and III  B) I and III  C) II and IV  D) I and IVYour answer, I and III, was correct!. Hedge funds utilize aggressive investment strategies and therefore might not be suitable for discretionary accounts where the customer may not be familiar or comfortable with the risks associated with the product. Because they are unregulated there are no limits to the fees they may charge.Reference: 10.11 in the License Exam Manual.If a customer transfers his holdings from one fund to another within the same family of funds, what are the tax consequences? A) No gain or loss is recognized until redemption.  B) Gains are taxed and losses are deferred.  C) On the transaction date, any gain or loss is recognized for tax purposes.  D) Losses are deducted and gains are deferred.Your answer, On the transaction date, any gain or loss is recognized for tax purposes., was correct!. An exchange is a taxable event. The cost basis of the shares in the original account must be compared to their redemption value. Any gain or loss is recognized in the year of the exchange. The exchange privilege allows the investor to avoid paying an additional sales charge. It does not allow the investor to avoid taxes.Reference: 10.8.1.6.3 in the License Exam Manual.A breakpoint sale is defined as the sale of mutual fund shares in an amount: A) just below the dollar amount at which the sales charge is reduced.  B) required as the minimum investment in a fund as specified by the SEC.  C) at or above the dollar amount at which the sales charge is reduced.  D) just below the public offering price of the fund.Your answer, just below the dollar amount at which the sales charge is reduced., was correct!. The term "breakpoint sale" refers to the violation that occurs when a sale is made just below the point at which the investor would receive the reduced sales charge. The practice earns a higher commission for the salesperson but is not in the interest of the customer.Reference: 10.7.5.1.2 in the License Exam Manual.Which of the following funds would you recommend to a moderate-risk client seeking long-term capital gains who also values professional stock selection? A) S&P 500 Index fund.  B) A small-cap growth fund.  C) An international index fund.  D) A large-cap growth fund.Your answer, A small-cap growth fund., was incorrect. The correct answer was: A large-cap growth fund.A large-cap growth fund is the most appropriate choice for a moderate-risk client because large capitalization stocks are generally less volatile than small-cap stocks and provide long-term capital growth. This is a more appropriate choice than the index fund because there is no stock selection there, only investing to parallel the index.Reference: 10.5.1.1.1 in the License Exam Manual.Capital gains distributed by a mutual fund to shareholders are taxed: A) never.  B) when paid by the fund.  C) when received.  D) when accrued.Your answer, when received., was incorrect. The correct answer was: when accrued.Capital gains distributed to shareholders by a mutual fund are reported and taxable for the year earned (accrued).Reference: 10.8.1.3 in the License Exam Manual.The fee received by the management company from an investment company depends on the: A) net assets of the fund.  B) type of securities in the fund's portfolio.  C) volume of new shares sold.  D) profits of the fund.Your answer, net assets of the fund., was correct!. The management company receives a fee based on the average annual net assets of the fund.Reference: 10.3.2 in the License Exam Manual.Closed-end investment companies:continuously issue new shares.generally make a one-time public offering of shares.may issue debt securities.may not issue preferred stock. A) II and III.  B) I and IV.  C) II and IV.  D) I and III.Your answer, II and III., was correct!. Publicly traded, or closed-end, funds generally make a one- time offering of shares which then trade on the secondary market. Unlike mutual funds, they may issue both bonds and preferred stock.Reference: 10.1.1.3.1 in the License Exam Manual.According to the Investment Company Act of 1940, a diversified mutual fund may hold, at most, what percentage of a corporation's voting securities? A) 10%.  B) 50%.  C) 75%.  D) 5%.Your answer, 10%., was correct!. To be considered a diversified investment company, a mutual fund can own no more than 10% of a target company's voting securities. Additionally, no diversified investment company may invest more than 5% of its portfolio in a single company's securities.A customer of your broker/dealer is bullish on US equity securities across a broad spectrum of industries. He would like to participate in an anticipated upward movement of an equity stock index. Which of the following investments would you recommend as being closely related to the movement of equities in general? A) American depositary receipts (ADRs)  B) Standard & Poor's depository receipts (SPDRs)  C) Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)  D) Variable rate demand obligations (VRDOs)Your answer, Standard & Poor's depository receipts (SPDRs), was correct!. The spider (SPDR) is an index fund designed to replicate and track the performance of the S&P 500, a broad based equity index.Reference: 10.10.1 in the License Exam Manual.Inverse exchange-traded funds (ETFs), also known as reverse or short funds, are managed to A) perform contrary to a benchmark market index such as the S&P 500  B) outperform a benchmark market index such as the S&P 500  C) be profitable only when interest rates are rising  D) be used only by professional traders and market makersYour answer, perform contrary to a benchmark market index such as the S&P 500, was correct!. Inverse funds, which are also commonly referred to as "short" funds, try to deliver returns that are the opposite of the benchmark index they are tracking. When they are exchange traded, they can be bought on margin and are priced throughout the trading day like other exchange-traded products. They are available to individual public investors and firm proprietary traders as well.Reference: 10.10.3 in the License Exam Manual.Which of the following statements are TRUE of mutual fund dividend distributions?The fund pays dividends from net investment income.A single taxpayer may exclude $100 worth of dividend income from taxes annually.An investor is liable for taxes on distributions, whether taken in cash or reinvested in the fund.An investor is not liable for taxes if he automatically reinvests distributions. A) I and II.  B) II and IV.  C) III and IV.  D) I and III.Your answer, I and III., was correct!. Mutual funds pay dividends from net investment income, and shareholders are liable for taxes on all distributions, whether reinvested or taken in cash.Reference: 10.8.1.1 in the License Exam Manual.AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

SunCoke Energy Partners LPChange company Symbol lookupSelect an option...SXCP SunCoke Energy Partners LPMU Micron Technology IncMKL Markel CorpUAA Under Armour IncBA Boeing CoMFA MFA Financial IncAABA Yahoo! IncSEED Origin Agritech LtdHOMB Home BancShares IncMYN BlackRock MuniYield New York Quality Fund, Inc.GoMaterials : Metals & Mining | Small Cap ValueCompany profileSunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. is engaged in the production of coke used in the blast furnace production of steel. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned a 98% interest in Haverhill Coke Company LLC (Haverhill), Middletown Coke Company, LLC (Middletown), and Gateway Energy and Coke Company, LLC (Granite City). The Company's segments include Domestic Coke, which consists of the Haverhill, Middletown and Granite City cokemaking and heat recovery operations located in Franklin Furnace, Ohio; Middletown, Ohio, and Granite City, Illinois, respectively, and Coal Logistics, which consists of the Company's Convent Marine Terminal, Kanawha River Terminals, LLC and SunCoke Lake Terminal, LLC (Lake Terminal) coal handling and/or mixing service operations in Convent, Louisiana; Ceredo and Belle, West Virginia, and East Chicago, Indiana, respectively. It also provides coal handling and/or mixing services at its Coal Logistics terminals to steel, coke, electric utility and coal mining customers. New! Enhance the way you research investment opportunities with Social Signals, a one of a kind trading resource that pulls insights from Twitter. Watch the demo videoPriceDelayed$18.30Day's Change0.15 (0.83%)Bid--Ask--B/A Size--Day's High18.45Day's Low18.05Volume(Below Average)Today's volume of 113,328 shares is on pace to be lower than SXCP's 10-day average volume of 208,151 shares.113,328July 28, 2017 1:49pm ETHistorical quotes & splits Intel and International Olympic Committee announce global partnership through 202410:32 am ET June 21, 2017 (MarketWatch) Print   (END) Dow Jones Newswires  June 21, 2017 10:32 ET (14:32 GMT)  Copyright (c) 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.Earnings Calendar and Events Data provided by |Terms of Use| © 2017 Wall Street Horizon, Inc.Market data accompanied by  is delayed by at least 15 minutes for NASDAQ, NYSE MKT, NYSE, and options. Duration of the delay for other exchanges varies.Market data and information provided by SunGard.Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may 
						expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses.Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standard Options before investing in options.Information and news provided by ,  Computrade Systems, Inc.,, , , and  Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.3rd Party Research Disclosure








Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, Mortgage Loan Purchase Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 36)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements 





	These Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2017-C5 | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Seller, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

2) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
3) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS AG | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
4) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-RB1 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Depositor and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Carlton Fields
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
5) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2017-JP5 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | Midland Loan Services | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Starwood Mortgage Funding VI LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
6) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, National Association and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. The Certificates | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
7) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Bank of America, National Association, One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | MLPA Bank of America, National Association | Mortgage Loan Seller and Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
8) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-BNK3 | Banc of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Inc., One Bryant Park, New York, New York 10036, Attention | Bank of America Merrill Lynch Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-BNK3, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2017-BNK3 | Bank of America, National Association, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. | Depositor, Bank of America, National Association | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Mortgage Loan Seller and Morgan Stanley Bank, NA | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Stanley  Co LLC | W. Todd Stillerman, Esq., Assistant General Counsel  Director, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Legal Department, 214 North Tryon Street, 18th Floor, NC1-027-20-05, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
9) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | Benefit Street Partners CRE Conduit Company, LP | JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Benefit Street Partners CRE Finance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
10) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | LNR Property LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Starwood Mortgage Funding VI LLC | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
11) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | (212) 705-5001, (B) C-III Capital Partners LLC | (C) C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | MLPA C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
12) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of December 1, 2016 Series 2016-NXSRParties: CSMC 2016-NXSR COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Column Financial, Inc | CREDIT SUISSE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Torchlight Loan Services, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham;Dechert
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
14) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMCC COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-JP4 | JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | LNR Partners, LLC | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, JP Morgan Securities LLC | Seller, Ladder Capital Finance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
15) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | Ladder Capital Finance LLC | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
16) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | MLPA Rialto Mortgage Finance, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
17) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Silverpeak Real Estate Finance LLC | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
18) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Bank PLC | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Reed Smith
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
19) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C37 | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | LNR Partners, LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Trimont Real Estate Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
20) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of December 1, 2016 Series 2016-NXSRParties: CSMC 2016-NXSR COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Natixis North America LLC | Natixis Real Estate Capital LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Torchlight Loan Services, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham;Dechert
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of December 1, 2016 Series 2016-NXSRParties: CSMC 2016-NXSR COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | CREDIT SUISSE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Torchlight Loan Services, LLC | UBS AG | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham;Dechert
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
22) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C32 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, CIBC World Markets Corp | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
23) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CFCRE 2016-C7 MORTGAGE TRUST | Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, LP | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | CastleOak Securities, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP | Midland Loan Services | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | SG Americas Securities, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016

24) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C32 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | CIBC Inc | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, CIBC World Markets Corp | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
25) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CFCRE 2016-C7 MORTGAGE TRUST | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | CastleOak Securities, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP | Midland Loan Services | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | SG Americas Securities, LLC | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016

26) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C32 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, CIBC World Markets Corp | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C32 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 | Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, CIBC World Markets Corp | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
28) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C32 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Midland Loan Services | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C32, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C32 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, CIBC World Markets Corp | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Starwood Mortgage Funding III LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
29) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CFCRE 2016-C7 MORTGAGE TRUST | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | CastleOak Securities, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP | Midland Loan Services | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | SG Americas Securities, LLC | UBS AG | UBS Securities LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/21/2016

30) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CD 2016-CD2 MORTGAGE TRUST | Academy Securities, Inc | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | Closing Date, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch and Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp | DBSI, CGMI and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | Deutsche Mortgage  Asset Receiving Corporation | German American Capital Corporation | KeyBank National Association | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Maryland
31) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-LC25 | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Ladder Capital Finance LLC | National Cooperative Bank, NA | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-LC25 | Academy Securities, Inc | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | National Cooperative Bank, NA | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Rialto Mortgage Finance, LLC | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CD 2016-CD2 MORTGAGE TRUST | Academy Securities, Inc | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp | Closing Date, Deutsche Bank AG | DBSI, CGMI and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | Deutsche Mortgage  Asset Receiving Corporation | German American Capital Corporation | KeyBank National Association | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
34) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-LC25 | Academy Securities, Inc | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | National Cooperative Bank, NA | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Loeb Loeb
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
35) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-LC25 | Academy Securities, Inc | CWCapital Asset Management LLC | Deutsche Bank Securities Inc | National Cooperative Bank, NA | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Ross Stewart, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 12/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
36) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of November 1, 2016Parties: GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-GS4 | AEGON USA Realty Advisors, LLC | Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company | GS Mortgage Securities Corporation | Midland Loan Services | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
37) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CFCRE 2016-C6 MORTGAGE TRUST | AEGON USA Realty Advisors, LLC | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | CastleOak Securities, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/23/2016

38) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CFCRE 2016-C6 MORTGAGE TRUST | AEGON USA Realty Advisors, LLC | Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, LP | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | CastleOak Securities, LP | CCRE Commercial Mortgage Securities, LP | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | SG Americas Securities, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/23/2016

39) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CSAIL 2016-C7 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Column Financial, Inc | CREDIT SUISSE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-C4 | German American Capital Corporation | JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP | Midland Loan Services | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Maryland
41) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: JPMDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST 2016-C4 | Midland Loan Services | Pentalpha Surveillance LLC | PNC Bank, National Association | Purchaser, JP Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Seller, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/22/2016

42) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of November 10, 2016Parties: CSAIL 2016-C7 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Benefit Street Partners CRE Finance LLC | Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
43) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of November 10, 2016Parties: CSAIL 2016-C7 COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST | Credit Suisse Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Silverpeak Real Estate Finance LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
44) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C31 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc | UBS AG | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/14/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
45) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C31 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/14/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
46) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C31 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/14/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
47) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C31 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 | Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/14/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
48) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: MORGAN STANLEY BANK OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH TRUST 2016-C31 | BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INC. | Drexel Hamilton, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2016-C31, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2016-C31 | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Bank of America, National Association | Rialto Capital Advisors, LLC | Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley  Co LLC, UBS Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc | Starwood Mortgage Capital LLC | Starwood Mortgage Funding III LLC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								Law Firm: Cadwalader Wickersham
								Document Date: 11/14/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
49) MASTER LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT Dated as of ___________, 20______ by and between LENDINGCLUB CORPORATION, as Seller and [______________], as PurchaserParties: LENDINGCLUB CORP | LENDINGCLUB CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 11/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
50) MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST 2016-C36 | (212) 705-5001, (B) C-III Capital Partners LLC | (C) C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | Academy Securities, Inc | Barclays Capital Inc | C-III Asset Management LLC | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | MLPA C-III Commercial Mortgage LLC | National Cooperative Bank, NA | Park Bridge Lender Services LLC | Purchaser, Wells Fargo Bank | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association | Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Securities, Inc | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 11/3/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536 
 
 

 


















Structured Asset Mortgage Investments, Inc.

Mortgage Pass-through Certificates, Series - Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement     > STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS, INC.

MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Structured Asset Mortgage Investments, Inc.

Mortgage Pass-through Certificates, Series
Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement involves STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS, INC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS, INC.

MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES Date: 12/12/2005 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7,   GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
NEW ISSUE MARKETING MATERIALS
 
$383,030,000 (Approximate)
 
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS,
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
Depositor
 
WELLS FARGO BANK MINNESOTA, NA
Master Servicer
 
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK
Trustee
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.
Sole and Lead Underwriter
 
 
All statistical Information is preliminary
and based upon Information as of
November 1, 2005.
 
 
November 30, 2005
 
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976       
        
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 1
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7,   GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            
$383,030,000 (approx)
                
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC.
         
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2005-AR7, GROUP 1
 
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                
Expected      Credit
   
Interest
                
Certificate      Ratings
      Enhanc.
    
Rate
Class               
Size (1)        (2)
       
%age(3)      Type
              
Collateral Type             
Certificate Type

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                                       
Offered Certificates
                            
                           
--------------------
 
<S>              
<C>            
<C>            
<C>       <C>
          
<C>                             
<C>
1-A-1            
$305,838,000     AAA/Aaa       
21.75%     WAC
(4)        
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.       Super Senior PT
1-A-2            
$56,673,000      AAA/Aaa
      
7.25%      Floater (5)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Senior Support
PT
1-X-1            
Notional (6)     AAA/Aaa       
7.25%      WAC (6)
       
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.      Senior Interest
Only
1-M-X            
Notional (7)     AAﰆ
      
5.40%      WAC (7)
       
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-1            
$7,231,000       AAﰆ
      
5.40%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-2            
$5,081,000       AA/Aa2
       
4.10%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-3            
$4,299,000       A/A1
         
3.00%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-4            
$3,908,000       BBB/Baa1
      2.00%
    
Floater (8)     LIBOR Annual Monthly
Avg.     
Crossed Sub. LIBOR Floater
 
                                                     
Non-Offered Certificates
                                              
       
------------------------
1-B-5            
$3,322,000       BB/Ba2
       
1.15%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-6            
$2,541,000       B/NR
         
0.50%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-7            
$2,954,575       NR/NR
        
0.00%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
</TABLE>
 
(1)   The Certificate Sizes are
approximate and subject to a 10% variance.
 
(2)   The Offered Certificates will be
rated by Standard & Poor's ("S&P") and
     Moody's
Investors Service ("Moody's").
 
(3)   The Credit Enhancement percentages
are preliminary and are subject to
     change based
upon the final pool as of the Cut-off Date and additional
     rating agency
analysis.
 
(4)   The Class 1-A-1 Certificates will
bear interest bear interest at a variable
     rate (the
Pass-Through Rate) equal to the weighted average net rate of
the
     Group 1 mortgage
loans. The Pass-Through Rate with respect to the first
     Interest Accrual
Period is expected to be approximately 4.266%. The Class
     1-A-1
Certificates will settle with accrued interest on a 30/360 basis
(24
     day delay). The
certificate balances of the Class 1-A-1 Certificates are
     subject to
increases due to the negative amortization feature of the
     mortgage loans
in Group 1 as described herein.
 
(5)   The Pass-Through Rate for the
Class 1-A-2 Certificates (together with the
     Class 1-A-1
Certificates, the "Class 1-A Certificates") will be a floating
     rate based on
One-Month LIBOR plus 0.380% subject to the lesser of (i) Net
     Rate Cap (equal
to the weighted average Net Rate of the Group 1 Mortgage
     Loans) and (ii)
10.50%. On the first distribution date after the Clean-Up
     Call Date, such
class's margin will be multiplied by 2.0 times the original
     certificate
margin. The Class 1-A-2 Certificates will settle flat and
     accrue interest
on an Actual/360 basis. The Class 1-A-2 Certificates are
     subject to
increases in their certificate principal balances as a result
of
     the negative
amortization feature of the mortgage loans.
 
(6)   The Class 1-X-1 Certificates will
bear interest at a variable pass-through
     rate equal to
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the excess of (x) the
     weighted average
of the net rates of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans over (y)
     the weighted
average pass-through rate on the Class 1-A-2 Certificates
     based on the
notional amount equal to aggregate current principal amount of
     the Class 1-A-2
Certificates. The Class 1-X-1 will settle with accrued
     interest and
accrue interest on a 30/360 basis (24 day delay).
 
(7)   The Class 1-M-X Certificates will
bear interest at a variable pass-through
     rate equal to
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the excess of (x) the
     weighted average
of the net rates of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans over (y)
     the weighted
average pass-through rate on the Class 1-B Certificates based
     on the notional
amount equal to current principal amount of the Class 1-B
     Certificates. .
The Class M-X will settle with accrued interest and accrue
     interest on a
30/360 basis (24 day delay).
 
(8)   The Pass-Through Rate for the
Class 1-B-1, Class 1-B-2, Class 1-B-3, Class
     1-B-4 , Class
1-B-5, Class 1-B-6 and Class 1-B-7 Certificates
     (collectively,
the "Class 1-B Certificates") will be a floating rate based
     on One-Month
LIBOR plus 0.650%, 0.700%, 1.250%, 1.500%, 1.500%, 1.500% and
     1.500%,
respectively, subject to the lesser of (i) Net Rate Cap (equal
to
     the weighted
average Net Rate of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans) and (ii)
     10.50%. On the
first distribution date after the Clean-Up Call Date, each
     such class'
margin will be multiplied by 1.5 times the original certificate
     margin. The
Class 1-B Certificates will settle flat and accrue interest on
     an Actual/360
basis. The Class 1-B Certificates are subject to increases in
     their
certificate principal balances as a result of the negative
     amortization
feature of the mortgage loans.
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 2
<PAGE>
 
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEPOSITOR/SELLER:               
Structured Assets Mortgage Investments II,
         
                      
Inc. ("SAMI II")
 
 
ORIGINATORS:                    
All of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans were
                               
originated by Bank of America.
 
UNDERLYING SERVICERS:           
All of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans are
         
                      
serviced by Bank of America
 
MASTER SERVICER:                
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, NA TRUSTEE: JP
                               
Morgan Chase Bank
 
CUT-OFF DATE:                   
November 1, 2005
 
CLOSING DATE:                
    November
30, 2005
 
RATING AGENCIES:                
The Offered Certificates will be rated
                               
Standard & Poor's ("S&P") and Moody's
                               
Investors Service ("Moody's").
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE:             
    REMIC
 
OPTIONAL CALL:                  
10% cleanup call
 
DISTRIBUTION DATE:              
25th of each month, or next business day,
                               
commencing December 26, 2005.
 
REMITTANCE TYPE:                
Scheduled/Scheduled
 
FORM OF REGISTRATION:           
The investment grade Certificates will be issued
                               
in book-entry form through DTC.
 
ERISA:                          
The Offered Certificates are expected to be
                               
ERISA eligible. Prospective investors should
                               
review with the legal advisors as to whether
                               
the purchase and holding of the Certificates
                               
could give rise to a transaction prohibited
                               
or not otherwise permissible under ERISA, the
                               
Code or other similar laws.
 
SMMEA:                          
The Offered Certificates (other than the
                               
Class 1-B-3 and Class 1-B-4 Certificates) are
                               
expected to constitute "mortgage related
                               
securities" for purposes of SMMEA.
 
ADVANCING OBLIGATION:           
The Underlying Servicers are obligated to
                               
advance delinquent mortgagor payments through
                               
the date of liquidation of an REO property to
                               
the extent they are deemed recoverable.
 
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 3
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
COMPENSATING INTEREST:          
On each distribution date, the Underlying
                               
Servicers are required to pay Compensating
                                
Interest up to the amount of its Servicing
                               
Fee to cover prepayment interest shortfalls
                               
("Prepayment Interest Shortfalls") due to
                               
partial and/or full prepayments on the
                               
Mortgage Loans that occurred during the
                               
Prepayment Period. The Prepayment Period with
                               
respect to any Distribution Date is the
                               
period commencing on the 16th day of the
                               
month prior to the month in which the related
                               
Distribution Date occurs and ending on the
                        
       
15th day of the month in which such
                               
Distribution Date occurs.
 
COLLATERAL DESCRIPTION:         
On November 1, 2005, the aggregate principal
                               
balance of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans
      
                         
described herein is expected to be
                               
approximately $390.8 million.
 
                               
The Group 1 Mortgage Loans are indexed to the
                               
LIBOR Annual Monthly Average ("LAMA") which
                               
equates to the 12-month average of 1-month
                               
LIBOR. ( In order to view historical LAMA
                               
type LAMAINDX on Bloomberg.) The Group 1
            
                   
Mortgage Loans have monthly coupon
                               
adjustments that allow for negative
                               
amortization whereby interest payments may be
                               
deferred and added to the principal balance
                               
thereof. For these loans, the monthly payment
                               
amount is subject to adjustment annually on a
                               
date specified in the mortgage note, subject
                                
to the conditions that (i) the amount of the
                               
monthly payment will not increase or decrease
                               
by an amount that is more than 7.50% of the
                           
    
monthly payment prior to the adjustment, (ii)
                               
as of the fifth anniversary of the first due
                               
date and on every fifth year thereafter, the
                               
monthly payment will be recast without regard
                               
to the limitation in clause (i) above and
                               
(iii) if the unpaid principal balance exceeds
                               
a percentage of 110% or 115% of the original
                                
principal balance due to deferred interest,
                               
the monthly payment will be recast without
                               
regard to the limitation in clause (i) to
                               
amortize fully the then unpaid principal
                               
balance of the mortgage loan over its
                               
remaining term to maturity.
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 4
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                    
% of     
Gross      Net     WAM    Gross     Net      Max
       
Group        
Pool       WAC
      WAC
   (mos.) Margin
  Margin    Rate
  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Group 1 - LAMA    100.00%    4.641%    4.266%   358    2.670%   2.295%   9.957%
 
                               
None of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans require
                               
the mortgagor to pay a penalty if the
               
                
mortgagor prepays the mortgage loan during
                               
periods ranging from one year to five years
                               
after the mortgage loan was originated.
 
                               
PREPAYMENT PENALTY TABLE
 
                                            
No        
Hard       
Soft*
                                
Group      PrePay
                               
------------------------------------------------
                               
Group 1    
100.00%      0.00%
      0.00%
 
                               
*The Prepayment Penalties that are soft,
                               
borrowers will not be required to pay the
                               
penalty if property is sold.
 
                
               
See the attached collateral descriptions for
                               
more information. NOTE: the information
                               
related to the mortgage loans described
                               
herein reflects information as of the
                               
November 1, 2005. It is expected that on or
                               
prior to the Closing Date, scheduled and
                               
unscheduled principal payments will reduce
             
                  
the principal balance of the mortgage loans
                               
as of the Cut-off Date and may cause a
                               
decrease in the aggregate principal balance
                               
of the mortgage loans, as reflected herein,
                               
of up to 10%. CONSEQUENTLY, THE INITIAL
                               
PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF ANY OF THE OFFERED
                               
CERTIFICATES BY THE CLOSING DATE IS SUBJECT
      
                         
TO AN INCREASE OR DECREASE OF UP TO 10% FROM
                               
AMOUNTS SHOWN ON THE FRONT COVER HEREOF.
 
UNDERWRITING STANDARDS:         
The Group 1 Mortgage Loans were underwritten
                               
to the guidelines of the Originator as more
                               
fully described in the prospectus supplement.
 
CREDIT ENHANCEMENT:             
Credit Enhancement for the Certificates will
                               
be provided by a senior/subordinate shifting
                               
interest structure. The Subordinate
                               
Certificates provide credit enhancement for
                               
the Senior Certificates.
 
CARRYOVER SHORTFALL AMOUNT:      If on any
Distribution Date, the Certificate
                               
Interest Rate of any of the Class 1-A-2 or
                               
Class 1-B Certificates is subject to their
                               
respective Net Rate Cap, such Certificates
                               
become entitled to payment of an amount equal
                               
to the excess of the (i) interest accrued at
                               
their respective Pass-Through Rate (without
              
                 
giving effect to the Net Rate Cap) over (ii)
                               
the amount of interest received on such
                               
Certificates based on the Net Rate Cap,
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 5
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET
 
                                
together with the unpaid portion of any
                               
excess from previous Distribution Dates (and
                               
any interest thereon at the then applicable
                               
Certificate Interest Rate without giving
                               
effect to the Net Rate Cap). On any
                               
Distribution Date, the Carryover Shortfall
                               
Amount will be paid to the to the Class 1-A-2
                               
from its related Carryover Reserve Fund and
                               
to the Class 1-B Certificates, sequentially,
                               
from their related Carryover Reserve Fund,
                      
         
after all of the Offered Certificates have
                               
received their required amounts (see
                               
Cash-Flow Description below).
 
CASH-FLOW DESCRIPTION:          
Distributions on the Certificates will be
                               
made on the 25th day of each month (or next
                               
business day). The payments to the
                               
Certificates, to the extent of available
                               
funds, will be made according to the
                               
following priority:
 
                               
AVAILABLE FUNDS:
 
                               
1.    Payment of
interest to the holders of
                                    
the Class 1-A Certificates and 1-X-1
                                    
Certificates (net of Carryover Shortfall
                                    
Amounts) in an amount equal to their
                                    
respective Pass-Through Rates (as
     
                               
described on the cover page);
 
                               
2.    Payment of
principal to the holders of
                                    
the Class 1-A Certificates in an amount
                                    
equal to its Senior Optimal Principal
                                    
Amount;
 
                               
3.    Payment of
interest to the Class M-X
                                    
Certificates (net of Carryforward
                              
      
Shortfall Amount).
 
                               
4.    Payment of
interest and principal
                                    
sequentially to the Class 1-B
                                    
Certificates so each such Class shall
                
                    
receive (a) interest at each class'
                                    
respective Pass-Through Rate, and (b)
                                    
such class' Allocable Share of the
                                    
Subordinate Optimal Principal
                                    
Distribution Amount.
 
                               
5.    Payment of
any Carryover Shortfall
                                    
Amounts to the Class IA-2 and Class 1- B
                                
    
Certificates.
 
NEGATIVE AMORTIZATION:          
Since the mortgage loans are subject to
                               
negative amortization, the Class 1-A
                               
Certificates and the Subordinate Certificates
                 
              
are subject to increases in their principal
                               
balances. HOWEVER, THE AMOUNT OF NEGATIVE
                               
AMORTIZATION THAT OCCURS IN EACH INTEREST
                               
ACCRUAL PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO EACH MORTGAGE
                               
LOAN SUBGROUP WILL BE OFFSET BY PRINCIPAL
                               
COLLECTIONS FOR SUCH PERIOD ON SUCH RELATED
                               
MORTGAGE LOAN SUBGROUP. Any negative
         
                      
amortization for a related loan subgroup that
                               
is not offset by principal collections will
                               
be accreted pro rata to each class of
                               
Certificates.
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 6
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SHIFTING INTEREST:              
The Senior Certificates (except for the
                               
Interest Only Certificates) will be entitled
                               
to receive 100% of the prepayments on the
                               
mortgage loans up to and including November
                               
2015. The Senior Prepayment Percentage can be
                                
reduced to the related Senior Percentage plus
                               
70%, 60%, 40%, 20% and 0% of the related
                               
Subordinate Percentage over the next five
                               
years provided that (i) the principal balance
                               
of the mortgage loans 60 days or more
                               
delinquent, averaged over the last 6 months,
                               
as a percentage of the Current Principal
                               
Amount of the related Subordinate
                               
Certificates does not exceed 50% and (ii)
                               
cumulative realized losses for the mortgage
                              
  loans do not exceed
30%, 35%, 40%, 45% or 50%
                               
for each test date.
 
                               
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after 3
                               
years the current Subordinate Percentage is
     
                          
equal to two times the initial Subordinate
                               
Percentage and (i) the principal balance of
                               
the related mortgage loans 60 days or more
                               
delinquent, averaged over the last 6 months,
                               
as a percentage of the Current Principal
                               
Amount of the related Subordinate
                               
Certificates does not exceed 50% and (ii)
                                
cumulative realized losses for the related
                               
mortgage loans do not exceed a) on or prior
                               
to November 2008, 20% or b) after November
                               
2008, 30%, then prepayments will be allocated
                               
on a pro rata basis.
 
                               
If doubling occurs prior to the third
                               
anniversary and the above delinquency and
           
                    
loss tests are met, then 50% of the related
                               
subordinate prepayment percentage can be
                               
allocated to the related subordinate classes.
 
ALLOCATION OF LOSSES:           
Realized Losses on the mortgage loans will be
                               
allocated to the most junior class of
                               
Certificates outstanding beginning with the
                               
Class 1-B-6 Certificates, until the
                                
Certificate Principal Balance of each
                               
Subordinate Class has been reduced to zero.
                               
Thereafter, Realized Losses on the Group 1
                               
Mortgage Loans will be allocated first to the
                               
Class 1-A-2 Certificates until zero and then
                               
to the Class 1-A-1 Certificates.
 
CORRIDOR CAP CONTRACT:          
The issuer will benefit from a series of
                                
interest rate cap payments from the Yield
                               
Maintenance Provider pursuant to two corridor
                               
cap agreements (the "Corridor Cap Agreement")
                          
      purchased
with respect to the Class 1-A-2 and
                               
Class 1-B Certificates. The Corridor Cap
                               
Agreement is intended to partially mitigate
                               
the interest rate risk that could result from
                               
the difference between the Note Interest Rate
                               
on the Class 1-A-2 and Class 1-B Certificates
                               
and the Net Rate Cap with respect to the
                                
mortgage loans.
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 7
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                               
On each Distribution Date, payments under the
     
                          
Corridor Cap Agreement will be an amount
                               
equal to the product of (i) the excess of the
                               
minimum of (1) the then current 1-Month LIBOR
                               
and (2) 10.50% for such Distribution Date
                               
over the strike rate, (ii) the lesser of (a)
                               
the related Principal Balance of the
                               
respective class(es) for such Distribution
                               
Date and (b) the notional balance based on a
                               
certain prepayment speed for such loans on
                               
such Distribution Date as set forth in
                          
      Exhibit I,
and (iii) the actual number of
                               
days in the corresponding accrual period
                               
divided by 360.
 
YIELD MAINTENANCE PROVIDER:      Bear Stearns
Financial Products Inc.
 
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 8
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                  
EXHIBIT 1 - CORRIDOR CAP TERMS
                  
------------------------------
DISTRIBUTION       
CLASS I-A-2       
CLASS 1-A-2      CLASS 1-B
      
CLASS 1-B
DATE               
NOTIONAL          
STRIKE RATE      NOTIONAL
       
STRIKE RATE
----               
--------          
-----------      --------
       
-----------
25-Dec-05          
56,673,000.00      100             
28,336,575.00   
100
25-Jan-06          
55,251,170.98      8.44
           
28,330,405.39   
8.44
25-Feb-06          
54,079,026.16      8.96
           
28,324,231.26   
8.96
25-Mar-06          
52,955,782.27      10.27
          
28,321,932.15   
10.27
25-Apr-06          
51,869,538.43      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-May-06          
50,804,769.39      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Jun-06          
49,761,032.78      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Jul-06          
48,737,895.70      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Aug-06          
47,734,934.47      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Sep-06          
46,751,734.46      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Oct-06          
45,787,889.86      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Nov-06           
44,832,360.66      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Dec-06          
43,894,871.56      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Jan-07          
42,975,491.10      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Feb-07          
42,074,377.39      9.27
     
      
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Mar-07          
41,191,152.46      10.27
          
28,321,932.15   
10.27
25-Apr-07          
40,325,446.44      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-May-07          
39,476,897.39      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Jun-07          
38,645,151.11      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Jul-07          
37,829,860.97      9.58
           
28,321,932.15   
9.58
25-Aug-07          
37,030,687.76      9.27
           
28,321,932.15   
9.27
25-Sep-07          
36,247,044.83      9.27
           
28,321,915.87   
9.27
25-Oct-07          
35,478,872.02      9.58
           
28,321,899.53   
9.58
25-Nov-07          
34,717,270.30      9.27
           
28,321,883.13   
9.27
25-Dec-07          
33,970,093.52      9.58
           
28,321,866.67   
9.58
25-Jan-08          
33,237,387.04      9.27
           
28,321,850.14   
9.27
25-Feb-08          
32,518,884.11      9.27
           
28,321,799.07   
9.27
25-Mar-08          
31,814,693.74      9.91
           
28,321,747.81   
9.91
25-Apr-08          
31,124,519.10  
    9.27
           
28,321,696.37   
9.27
25-May-08          
30,448,069.73      9.58
           
28,321,644.73   
9.58
25-Jun-08          
29,622,247.63      9.27
           
28,306,816.54   
9.27
25-Jul-08          
28,816,092.30      9.58
           
28,291,872.30  
  9.58
25-Aug-08          
28,029,137.92      9.27
           
28,276,811.14   
9.27
25-Sep-08          
27,260,929.74      9.27
           
28,261,632.23   
9.27
25-Oct-08          
26,511,023.79      9.58
           
28,246,334.69   
9.58
25-Nov-08          
25,768,556.50      9.27
           
28,229,715.70   
9.27
25-Dec-08          
25,090,374.11      9.58
           
27,878,141.36   
9.58
25-Jan-09          
24,480,770.14      9.27
           
27,200,804.87   
9.27
25-Feb-09          
23,885,844.46      9.27
           
26,539,777.57   
9.27
25-Mar-09          
23,305,245.68      10.27
          
25,894,669.00   
10.27
25-Apr-09          
22,738,630.76      9.27
           
25,265,098.04   
9.27
25-May-09          
22,185,664.86      9.58
           
24,650,692.62   
9.58
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976 NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Page 9
Prospectus Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 9
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
25-Jun-09          
21,646,021.11        9.27
          
24,051,089.57      9.27
25-Jul-09          
21,119,380.46        9.58
          
23,465,934.37      9.58
25-Aug-09          
20,605,431.45        9.27
          
22,894,880.98      9.27
25-Sep-09          
20,103,870.08        9.27
          
22,337,591.60      9.27
25-Oct-09          
19,614,399.57        9.58
          
21,793,736.49      9.58
25-Nov-09          
19,136,730.25        9.27
          
21,262,993.78      9.27
25-Dec-09          
18,670,579.34        9.58
          
20,745,049.28      9.58
25-Jan-10          
18,215,670.83        9.27
          
20,239,596.32      9.27
25-Feb-10          
17,771,735.28        9.27
       
   
19,746,335.51      9.27
25-Mar-10          
17,338,509.69       
10.27          
19,264,974.64      10.27
25-Apr-10          
16,915,737.34        9.27
          
18,795,228.46      9.27
25-May-10          
16,503,167.64        9.58
          
18,336,818.52      9.58
25-Jun-10          
16,100,555.96        9.27
          
17,889,473.05      9.27
25-Jul-10          
15,707,663.55        9.58
          
17,452,926.73      9.58
25-Aug-10          
15,324,257.32        9.27
          
17,026,920.60      9.27
25-Sep-10          
14,950,109.78        9.27
          
16,611,201.88      9.27
25-Oct-10          
14,584,998.84        9.58
          
16,205,523.81      9.58
25-Nov-10          
14,228,707.74        9.27
          
15,809,645.55      9.27
25-Dec-10          
13,881,024.89        9.58
    
      
15,423,331.99      9.58
25-Jan-11          
13,541,743.75        9.27
          
15,046,353.64      9.27
25-Feb-11          
13,210,662.71        9.27
          
14,678,486.50      9.27
25-Mar-11          
12,887,584.99       
10.27          
14,319,511.92      10.27
25-Apr-11          
12,572,318.49        9.27
          
13,969,216.46      9.27
25-May-11          
12,264,675.71        9.58
          
13,627,391.79      9.58
25-Jun-11          
11,964,473.65        9.27
          
13,293,834.55      9.27
25-Jul-11          
11,671,533.65        9.58
          
12,968,346.26      9.58
25-Aug-11          
11,385,681.33        9.27
          
12,650,733.17      9.27
25-Sep-11          
11,106,746.49        9.27
          
12,340,806.14      9.27
25-Oct-11          
10,834,562.98        9.58
           
12,038,380.58      9.58
25-Nov-11          
10,568,968.64        9.27
          
11,743,276.31      9.27
25-Dec-11          
10,309,805.17        9.58
          
11,455,317.43      9.58
25-Jan-12          
10,056,918.06        9.27
          
11,174,332.28   
   9.27
25-Feb-12          
9,810,156.50        
9.27           
10,900,153.27      9.27
25-Mar-12          
9,569,373.28        
9.91           
10,632,616.85      9.91
25-Apr-12          
9,334,424.70        
9.27           
10,371,563.36      9.27
25-May-12         
  9,105,170.52
       
9.58           
10,116,836.97      9.58
25-Jun-12          
8,881,473.83        
9.27           
9,868,285.55       9.27
25-Jul-12          
8,663,201.01        
9.58           
9,625,760.65       9.58
25-Aug-12          
8,450,221.63        
9.27           
9,389,117.33       9.27
25-Sep-12          
8,242,408.39        
9.27           
9,158,214.15       9.27
25-Oct-12          
8,039,637.01        
9.58           
8,932,913.04       9.58
25-Nov-12          
7,841,786.20        
9.27           
8,713,079.22  
    
9.27
25-Dec-12          
7,648,737.59        
9.58           
8,498,581.16       9.58
25-Jan-13          
7,460,375.61        
9.27           
8,289,290.46       9.27
25-Feb-13          
7,276,587.48        
9.27           
8,085,081.80       9.27
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Page 10
Prospectus Supplement.
 
                                   
Page 10
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
25-Mar-13          
7,097,263.10       
10.27          
7,885,832.86       10.27
25-Apr-13          
6,922,295.02        9.27
          
7,691,424.24       9.27
25-May-13          
6,751,578.35        9.58
          
7,501,739.40       9.58
25-Jun-13          
6,585,010.73        9.27
          
7,316,664.61       9.27
25-Jul-13          
6,422,492.22        9.58
          
7,136,088.83       9.58
25-Aug-13          
6,263,925.31        9.27
          
6,959,903.70       9.27
25-Sep-13          
6,109,214.80        9.27
          
6,788,003.45       9.27
25-Oct-13          
5,958,267.77        9.58
          
6,620,284.84       9.58
25-Nov-13          
5,810,993.53      
  9.27           
6,456,647.10       9.27
25-Dec-13          
5,667,303.58        9.58
          
6,296,991.90       9.58
25-Jan-14          
5,527,111.51        9.27
          
6,141,223.22       9.27
25-Feb-14          
5,390,333.00        9.27
          
5,989,247.38       9.27
25-Mar-14          
5,256,885.74       
10.27          
5,840,972.92       10.27
25-Apr-14          
5,126,689.40        9.27
          
5,696,310.59       9.27
 
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976 NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Page 11
Prospectus Supplement.
 
                                   
Page 11
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 
EXHIBIT II - YIELD TABLES TO CALL
                                                 
---------------------------------
 
<S>     <C> <C>
    
<C>         
<C>          
<C>         
<C>         
<C>         
<C>         
<C>         
<C>
Class 1-B-1 to Call
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life            
12.49        8.93
       
6.74          5.49
       
4.66          
4.01        
3.09       
2.35
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     12/25/2023
   1/25/2019
   11/25/2015
  11/25/2013
  5/25/2012    5/25/2011    11/25/2009   11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len      217         
158         
120          
96          
78            
66          
48         
36
Yield                
4.84        
4.99        
4.99        
4.99        
4.99          
4.99        
4.99        
4.99
 
Class 1-B-2 to Call
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life            
12.49        8.93
       
6.74        
5.49        
4.66          
4.01     
3.09          
2.35
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     12/25/2023
   1/25/2019
   11/25/2015
  11/25/2013
  5/25/2012    5/25/2011    11/25/2009   11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len      217         
158    
       120
        
96         
78          
66           
48          
36
Yield                
4.89        
5.04         
5.04        5.04
       5.04
       
5.04         
5.04        
5.04
 
Class 1-B-3 to Call
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life            
12.49        8.93
       
6.74        
5.49        
4.66        4.01
       
3.09        
2.35
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     12/25/2023
   1/25/2019
   11/25/2015
  11/25/2013
  5/25/2012    5/25/2011    11/25/2009   11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len      217         
158          
120         
96         
78          
66           
48          
36
Yield                 
5.46        
5.61         
5.61        5.61
       5.61
       
5.61         
5.61        
5.61
 
Class 1-B-4 to Call
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life          
   12.49
       8.93
       
6.74        
5.49        
4.66        
4.01        
3.09        
2.35
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     12/25/2023
   1/25/2019
   11/25/2015
  11/25/2013
  5/25/2012    5/25/2011    11/25/2009   11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len      217         
158          
120         
96         
78          
66           
48          
36
Yield                
5.72        
5.83         
5.83        5.82
       5.81
       
5.81         
5.78        
5.75
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 12
<PAGE>
 
STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II
INC.
MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES, SERIES
2005-AR7, GROUP 1
COMPUTATIONAL MATERIALS: PRELIMINARY TERM
SHEET

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                              
EXHIBIT III - YIELD TABLES TO MATURITY
              
                                
--------------------------------------
 
Class 1-B-1 to Maturity
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life          
13.38        
9.82        
7.52        
6.16        
5.29        
4.59        
3.65        
2.93
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     11/25/2035
   11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  10/25/2035
  9/25/2035    7/25/2034    2/25/2029
Prin. Window Len      360          
360         
360         
360         
359        
358         
344         
279
Yield                
4.85         
5.01        
5.01        
5.01        
5.02        5.02
       
5.03        
5.04
 
Class 1-B-2 to Maturity
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life          
13.38        
9.82        
7.52        
6.16        
5.29        
4.59        
3.65        
2.93
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     11/25/2035
   11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  10/25/2035
  9/25/2035    2/25/2034    2/25/2029
Prin. Window Len      360          
360           360
        
360         
359        
358         
339         
279
Yield                
4.90         
5.06        
5.06        
5.06        
5.06        5.06
       
5.07        
5.09
 
Class 1-B-3 to Maturity
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life          
13.38        
9.82        
7.52        
6.16        
5.29        
4.59        
3.65        
2.93
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     11/25/2035
   11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  10/25/2035
  9/25/2035    2/25/2034    2/25/2029
Prin. Window Len      360          
360         
360         
360         
359        
358         
339         
279
Yield                
5.46         
5.60        
5.59        
5.59        
5.58        5.58
       
5.57        
5.56
 
Class 1-B-4 to Maturity
Price: 100-00       10.00% CPR
  15.00% CPR
  20.00% CPR
  25.00% CPR
  30.00% CPR
  35.00% CPR
  45.00% CPR
  55.00% CPR
Avg. Life           
13.38        
9.82        
7.52        
6.16        
5.29        
4.59        
3.65        
2.93
Prin. Start Date   12/25/2005    12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005   12/25/2005
Prin. End Date     11/25/2035
   11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  11/25/2035
  10/25/2035
  9/25/2035    2/25/2034    2/25/2029
Prin. Window Len      360          
360         
360         
360         
359        
358         
339         
279
Yield                
5.71         
5.81        
5.79        
5.78        
5.77     
   5.76
       
5.72        
5.67
</TABLE>
 
BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. ARM DESK (212)
272-4976               
NOVEMBER 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.
 
                                    
Page 13
<PAGE>
 
                        
STATEMENT REGARDING ASSUMPTIONS
         
               
-------------------------------
           
AS TO SECURITIES, PRICING ESTIMATES AND OTHER INFORMATION
           
---------------------------------------------------------
 
The information contained in the attached
materials (the "Information") may
include various forms of performance
analysis, security characteristics and
securities pricing estimates for the
securities addressed. Please read and
understand this entire statement before
utilizing the Information. The
Information is provided solely by Bear
Stearns, not as agent for any issuer, and
although it may be based on data supplied
to it by the issuer, the issuer has
not participated in its preparation and
makes no representations regarding its
accuracy or completeness. Should you
receive Information that refers to the
"Statement Regarding Assumptions and Other
Information", please refer to this
statement instead.
 
The Information is illustrative and is not
intended to predict actual results,
which may differ substantially from those,
reflected in the Information.
Performance analysis is based on certain
assumptions with respect to significant
factors that may prove not to be assumed.
You should understand the assumptions
and evaluate whether they are appropriate
for your purposes. Performance results
are based on mathematical models that use
inputs to calculate results. As with
all models, results may vary significantly
depending upon the value of the
inputs given. Inputs to these models
include but are not limited to: prepayment
expectations (econometric prepayment
models, single expected lifetime
prepayments or a vector of periodic
prepayments), interest rate assumptions
(parallel and nonparallel changes for
different maturity instruments),
collateral assumptions (actual pool level
data, aggregated pool level data,
reported factors or imputed factors),
volatility assumptions (historically
observed or implied current) and reported
information (paydown factors, rate
resets and trustee statements). Models used
in any analysis may be proprietary
making the results difficult for any third
party to reproduce. Contact your
registered representative for detailed
explanations of any modeling techniques
employed in the Information.
 
The Information addresses only certain
aspects of the applicable security's
characteristics and thus does not provide a
complete assessment. As such, the
Information may not reflect the impact of
all structural characteristics of the
security, including call events and cash
flow priorities at all prepayment
speeds and/or interest rates. You should
consider whether the behavior of these
securities should be tested at assumptions
different from those included in the
Information. The assumptions underlying the
Information, including structure and
collateral, may be modified from time to
time to reflect changed circumstances.
Any investment decision should be based
only on the data in the prospectus and
the prospectus supplement or private
placement memorandum (Offering Documents)
and the then current version of the
Information. Offering Documents contain data
that is current as of their publication
dates and after publication may no
longer be complete or current. Contact your
registered representative for
Offering Documents, current Information or
additional materials, including other
models or performance analysis, which are
likely to produce different results,
and any other further explanation regarding
the Information.
 
Any pricing estimates Bear Stearns has
supplied at your request (a) represent
our view, at the time determined, of the
investment value of the securities
between the estimated bid and offer levels,
the spread between which may be
significant due to market volatility or
liquidity, (b) do not constitute a bid
by any person for any security, (c ) may
not constitute prices at which the
securities could have been purchased or
sold in any market, (d) have not been
confirmed by actual trades, may vary from
the value Bear Stearns assigns any
such security while in its inventory, and
may not take into account the size of
a position you have in the security, and
(e) may have been derived from matrix
pricing that uses data relating to other
securities whose prices are more
readily ascertainable to produce a
hypothetical price based on the estimated
yield spread relationship between the
securities.
 
General Information: The data underlying
the Information has been obtained from
sources that we believe are reliable, but
we do not guarantee the accuracy of
the underlying data or computations based
thereon. Bear Stearns and/or
individuals thereof may have positions in
these securities while the Information
is circulating or during such period may
engage in transactions with the issuer
or its affiliates. We act as principal in
transactions with you, and
accordingly, you must determine the
appropriateness for you of such transactions
and address any legal, tax or accounting
considerations applicable to you. Bear
Stearns shall not be a fiduciary or advisor
unless we have agreed in writing to
receive compensation specifically to act in
such capacities. If you are subject
to ERISA, the Information is being
furnished on the condition that it will not
form a primary basis for any investment
decision. The Information is not a
solicitation of any transaction in
securities which may be made only by
prospectus when required by law, in which
event you may obtain such prospectus
from Bear Stearns.
 
                                   
Page 14
<PAGE>
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
New Issue Marketing Materials
$383,030,000 (Approximate)
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments,
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Depositor
 
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, NA
Master Servicer
 
JP Morgan Chase Bank
Trustee
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
Sole and Lead Underwriter
 
All statistical Information is preliminary
and based upon Information as of
November 1, 2005.
 
 
November 30, 2005
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after
reading the Bear Stearns' Statement
Regarding Assumptions as to Securities,
Pricing Estimates and Other Information
(the "Statement"), which should be
attached. Do not use or rely on this
information if you have not received and
reviewed this Statement. You may obtain a
copy of the Statement from your sales
representative. The collateral information
contained on the following pages is
furnished as background information for
your use in reviewing the computational
materials which are attached hereto and are
a part hereof. This collateral
information will be superseded by the
description of the collateral contained in
the Prospectus Supplement.                                               
 
                  
                                                       
Page 1
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                             
$383,030,000 (approx)
                 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc.
         
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2005-AR7, Group 1
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                                                                         
                
Certificate      Expected
      Credit
       
Interest
                   
Size         
Ratings       
Enchance.       
Rate
Class               
(1)            
(2)         
%age (3)        
Type       
Collateral Type              
Certificate Type
                                                    
Offered Certificates
<S>              
<C>             
<C>           
<C>       
<C>            
<C>          
<C>              
<C>
1-A-1            
$305,838,000     AAA/Aaa       
21.75%     WAC
(4)        
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.      Super Senior
PT
1-A-2            
$56,673,000      AAA/Aaa
      
7.25%      Floater (5)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Senior Support
PT
1-X-1            
Notional (6)     AAA/Aaa       
7.25%      WAC (6)
       
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.      Senior Interest
Only
1-M-X            
Notional (7)     AAﰆ
      
5.40%      WAC (7)
       
LIBOR Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-1            
$7,231,000       AAﰆ
      
5.40%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-2            
$5,081,000       AA/Aa2
        
4.10%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-3            
$4,299,000       A/A1
         
3.00%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-4            
$3,908,000       BBB/Baa1
      2.00%
    
Floater (8)     LIBOR Annual Monthly
Avg.     
Crossed Sub. LIBOR Floater
                                              
Non-Offered Certificates
1-B-5            
$3,322,000       BB/Ba2
       
1.15%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-6            
$2,541,000       B/NR
         
0.50%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
1-B-7            
$2,954,575       NR/NR
        
0.00%      Floater (8)
    LIBOR
Annual Monthly Avg.      Crossed Sub.
LIBOR Floater
</TABLE>
 
(1) The Certificate Sizes are approximate
and subject to a 10% variance.
 
(2) The Offered Certificates will be rated
by Standard & Poor's ("S&P") and
    Moody's Investors
Service ("Moody's").
 
(3) The Credit Enhancement percentages are
preliminary and are subject to change
    based upon the final
pool as of the Cut-off Date and additional rating
    agency analysis.
 
(4) The Class 1-A-1 Certificates will bear
interest bear interest at a variable
    rate (the Pass-Through
Rate) equal to the weighted average net rate of the
    Group 1 mortgage
loans. The Pass-Through Rate with respect to the first
    Interest Accrual
Period is expected to be approximately 4.266%. The Class
    1-A-1 Certificates
will settle with accrued interest on a 30/360 basis (24
    day delay). The
certificate balances of the Class 1-A-1 Certificates are
    subject to increases
due to the negative amortization feature of the
    mortgage loans in
Group 1 as described herein.
 
(5) The Pass-Through Rate for the Class
1-A-2 Certificates (together with the
    Class 1-A-1
Certificates, the "Class 1-A Certificates") will be a floating
    rate based on
One-Month LIBOR plus 0.380% subject to the lesser of (i) Net
    Rate Cap (equal to the
weighted average Net Rate of the Group 1 Mortgage
    Loans) and (ii)
10.50%. On the first distribution date after the Clean-Up
    Call Date, such
class's margin will be multiplied by 2.0 times the original
    certificate margin.
The Class 1-A-2 Certificates will settle flat and accrue
    interest on an
Actual/360 basis. The Class 1-A-2 Certificates are subject to
    increases in their
certificate principal balances as a result of the
    negative amortization
feature of the mortgage loans.
 
(6) The Class 1-X-1 Certificates will bear
interest at a variable pass-through
    rate equal to the
greater of (i) zero and (ii) the excess of (x) the
    weighted average of
the net rates of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans over (y) the
    weighted average
pass-through rate on the Class 1-A-2 Certificates based on
    the notional amount
equal to aggregate current principal amount of the Class
    1-A-2 Certificates.
The Class 1-X-1 will settle with accrued interest and
    accrue interest on a
30/360 basis (24 day delay).
 
(7) The Class 1-M-X Certificates will bear
interest at a variable pass-through
    rate equal to the
greater of (i) zero and (ii) the excess of (x) the
    weighted average of
the net rates of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans over (y) the
    weighted average
pass-through rate on the Class 1-B Certificates based on
    the notional amount
equal to current principal amount of the Class 1-B
    Certificates. . The
Class M-X will settle with accrued interest and accrue
    interest on a 30/360
basis (24 day delay).
 
(8) The Pass-Through Rate for the Class
1-B-1, Class 1-B-2, Class 1-B-3, Class
    1-B-4 , Class 1-B-5,
Class 1-B-6 and Class 1-B-7 Certificates (collectively,
    the "Class 1-B
Certificates") will be a floating rate based on One-Month
    LIBOR plus 0.650%,
0.700%, 1.250%, 1.500%, 1.500%, 1.500% and 1.500%,
    respectively, subject
to the lesser of (i) Net Rate Cap (equal to the
    weighted average Net
Rate of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans) and (ii) 10.50%. On
    the first distribution
date after the Clean-Up Call Date, each such class'
    margin will be
multiplied by 1.5 times the original certificate margin. The
    Class 1-B Certificates
will settle flat and accrue interest on an Actual/360
    basis. The Class 1-B
Certificates are subject to increases in their
    certificate principal
balances as a result of the negative amortization
    feature of the
mortgage loans.
 
  Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM
Desk (212) 272-4976             
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  This information should be
considered only after reading the Bear Stearns'
  Statement Regarding Assumptions as
to Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
  Information (the "Statement"),
which should be attached. Do not use or rely on
  this information if you have not
received and reviewed this Statement. You may
  obtain a copy of the Statement
from your sales representative. The collateral
  information contained on the
following pages is furnished as background
  information for your use in
reviewing the computational materials which are
  attached hereto and are a part
hereof. This collateral information will be
  superseded by the description of
the collateral contained in the Prospectus
  Supplement.                    
                                         
Page 2
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Depositor/Seller:        
Structured Assets Mortgage Investments II, Inc. ("SAMI
                        
II")
 
Originators:             
All of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans were originated by
                        
Bank of America.
 
Underlying Servicers:     All of the Group 1
Mortgage Loans are serviced by Bank
                        
of America
 
Master Servicer:         
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, NA
 
Trustee:                 
JP Morgan Chase Bank
 
Cut-off Date:      
      
November 1, 2005
 
Closing Date:            
November 30, 2005
 
Rating Agencies:         
The Offered Certificates will be rated Standard &
                        
Poor's ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Service
                        
("Moody's").
 
Legal Structure:         
REMIC
 
Optional Call:           
10% cleanup call
 
Distribution Date:        25th
of each month, or next business day, commencing
                        
December 26, 2005.
 
Remittance Type:         
Scheduled/Scheduled
 
Form of Registration:     The investment grade
Certificates will be issued in
                        
book-entry form through DTC.
 
ERISA:                   
The Offered Certificates are expected to be ERISA
                        
eligible. Prospective investors should review with the
                        
legal advisors as to whether the purchase and holding
                        
of the Certificates could give rise to a transaction
                        
prohibited or not otherwise permissible under ERISA,
     
                   
the Code or other similar laws.
 
SMMEA:                   
The Offered Certificates (other than the Class 1-B-3
                        
and Class 1-B-4 Certificates) are expected to
                        
constitute "mortgage related securities" for purposes
                        
of SMMEA.
 
Advancing Obligation:     The Underlying
Servicers are obligated to advance
                        
delinquent mortgagor payments through the date of
                        
liquidation of an REO property to the extent they are
                        
deemed recoverable.
 
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.                                                               
Page 3
 
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Compensating Interest:    On each distribution date,
the Underlying Servicers are
                        
required to pay Compensating Interest up to the amount
                        
of its Servicing Fee to cover prepayment interest
                        
shortfalls ("Prepayment Interest Shortfalls") due to
                        
partial and/or full prepayments on the Mortgage Loans
                        
that occurred during the Prepayment Period. The
                        
Prepayment Period with respect to any Distribution Date
                        
is the period commencing on the 16th day of the month
                        
prior to the month in which the related Distribution
                        
Date occurs and ending on the 15th day of the month in
                         
which such Distribution Date occurs.
 
Collateral Description:   On November 1, 2005, the aggregate
principal balance of
                        
the Group 1 Mortgage Loans described herein is expected
                        
to be approximately $390.8 million.
 
                        
The Group 1 Mortgage Loans are indexed to the LIBOR
                        
Annual Monthly Average ("LAMA") which equates to the
                        
12-month average of 1-month LIBOR. (In order to view
                        
historical LAMA type LAMAINDX (Index)(Go) on
                        
Bloomberg.) The Group 1 Mortgage Loans have monthly
                        
coupon adjustments that allow for negative amortization
                      
   whereby interest
payments may be deferred and added to
                        
the principal balance thereof. For these loans, the
                        
monthly payment amount is subject to adjustment
                        
annually on a date specified in the mortgage note,
                        
subject to the conditions that (i) the amount of the
                        
monthly payment will not increase or decrease by an
                        
amount that is more than 7.50% of the monthly payment
                        
prior to the adjustment, (ii) as of the fifth
                        
anniversary of the first due date and on every fifth
                        
year thereafter, the monthly payment will be recast
                        
without regard to the limitation in clause (i) above
                        
and (iii) if the unpaid principal balance exceeds a
                        
percentage of 110% or 115% of the original principal
                        
balance due to deferred interest, the monthly payment
                        
will be recast without regard to the limitation in
                        
clause (i) to amortize fully the then unpaid principal
                        
balance of the mortgage loan over its remaining term to
                        
maturity.
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.                                                               
Page 4
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                   
Group         
    % of
       
Gross        Net
        
WAM       
Gross         
Net           
Net
                                    
Pool         
WAC        
WAC        
(mos.)      Margin
      
Margin        
Rate
              
<S>                 
<C>          
<C>         
<C>          
<C>       
<C>          
<C>          
<C>
              
Group 1 - LAMA       100.00%
      4.641%
      4.266%
       358
      
2.670%       
2.295%       
9.957%
</TABLE>
 
                        
None of the Group 1 Mortgage Loans require the
                         
mortgagor to pay a penalty if the mortgagor prepays the
                        
mortgage loan during periods ranging from one year to
                        
five years after the mortgage loan was originated.
 
                       
  Prepayment Penalty
Table
                                    
No
                         
Group      PrePay
      Hard
       
Soft
                        
Group 1    
100.00%      0.00%
      0.00%
 
                        
*The Prepayment Penalties that are soft, borrowers will
                        
not be required to pay the penalty if property is sold.
 
                        
See the attached collateral descriptions for more
                        
information. NOTE: the information related to the
                         
mortgage loans described herein reflects information as
                        
of the November 1, 2005. It is expected that on or
                        
prior to the Closing Date, scheduled and unscheduled
                      
   principal
payments will reduce the principal balance of
                        
the mortgage loans as of the Cut-off Date and may cause
                        
a decrease in the aggregate principal balance of the
                        
mortgage loans, as reflected herein, of up to 10%.
                        
CONSEQUENTLY, THE INITIAL PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF ANY OF
                        
THE OFFERED CERTIFICATES BY THE CLOSING DATE IS SUBJECT
                        
TO AN INCREASE OR DECREASE OF UP TO 10% FROM AMOUNTS
                        
SHOWN ON THE FRONT COVER HEREOF.
 
Underwriting Standards:   The Group 1 Mortgage Loans were
underwritten to the
                        
guidelines of the Originator as more fully described in
                   
      the
prospectus supplement.
 
Credit Enhancement:       Credit
Enhancement for the Certificates will be
                        
provided by a senior/subordinate shifting interest
                        
structure. The Subordinate Certificates provide credit
                        
enhancement for the Senior Certificates.
 
Carryover Shortfall
Amount:                  
If on any Distribution Date, the Certificate Interest
                        
Rate of any of the Class 1-A-2 or Class 1-B
              
          
Certificates is subject to their respective Net Rate
                        
Cap, such Certificates become entitled to payment of an
                        
amount equal to the excess of the (i) interest accrued
                        
at their respective Pass-Through Rate (without giving
                        
effect to the Net Rate Cap) over (ii) the amount of
                        
interest received on such Certificates based on the Net
                        
Rate Cap,
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.                                                               
Page 5
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        
together with the unpaid portion of any excess from
                        
previous Distribution Dates (and any interest thereon
                        
at the then applicable Certificate Interest Rate
                        
without giving effect to the Net Rate Cap). On any
                        
Distribution Date, the Carryover Shortfall Amount will
                        
be paid to the to the Class 1-A-2 from its related
                        
Carryover Reserve Fund and to the Class 1-B
                        
Certificates, sequentially, from their related
                        
Carryover Reserve Fund, after all of the Offered
                        
Certificates have received their required amounts (see
                        
Cash-Flow Description below).
 
Cash-Flow Description:    Distributions on the
Certificates will be made on the
                        
25th day of each month (or next business day). The
                        
payments to the Certificates, to the extent of
                        
available funds, will be made according to the
                        
following priority:
 
                        
Available Funds:
                        
1.    Payment of
interest to the holders of the Class
                             
1-A Certificates and 1-X-1 Certificates (net of
                             
Carryover Shortfall Amounts) in an amount equal to
                             
their respective Pass-Through Rates (as described
                             
on the cover page);
                        
2.    Payment of
principal to the holders of the
           
                  
Class 1-A Certificates in an amount equal to its
                             
Senior Optimal Principal Amount;
                        
3.    Payment of
interest to the Class M-X Certificates
                             
(net of Carryforward Shortfall Amount).
                        
4.    Payment of
interest and principal sequentially to
                             
the Class 1-B Certificates so each such Class
                             
shall receive (a) interest at each class'
                              
respective Pass-Through Rate, and (b) such class'
                             
Allocable Share of the Subordinate Optimal
                             
Principal Distribution Amount.
                        
5.    Payment of
any Carryover Shortfall Amounts to the
                             
Class IA-2 and Class 1- B Certificates.
 
Negative Amortization:    Since the mortgage loans are
subject to negative
                        
amortization, the Class 1-A Certificates and the
                         
Subordinate Certificates are subject to increases in
                        
their principal balances. HOWEVER, THE AMOUNT OF
                        
NEGATIVE AMORTIZATION THAT OCCURS IN EACH INTEREST
                        
ACCRUAL PERIOD WITH RESPECT TO EACH MORTGAGE LOAN
                        
SUBGROUP WILL BE OFFSET BY PRINCIPAL COLLECTIONS FOR
                        
SUCH PERIOD ON SUCH RELATED MORTGAGE LOAN SUBGROUP. Any
                        
negative amortization for a related loan subgroup that
                        
is not offset by principal collections will be accreted
                        
pro rata to each class of Certificates.
 
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.                                                               
Page 6
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Shifting Interest:        The
Senior Certificates (except for the Interest Only
                        
Certificates) will be entitled to receive 100% of the
                    
    
prepayments on the mortgage loans up to and including
                        
November 2015. The Senior Prepayment Percentage can be
                        
reduced to the related Senior Percentage plus 70%, 60%,
                        
40%, 20% and 0% of the related Subordinate Percentage
                        
over the next five years provided that (i) the
                        
principal balance of the mortgage loans 60 days or more
                        
delinquent, averaged over the last 6 months, as a
                        
percentage of the Current Principal Amount of the
                        
related Subordinate Certificates does not exceed 50%
                        
and (ii) cumulative realized losses for the mortgage
          
              
loans do not exceed 30%, 35%, 40%, 45% or 50% for each
                        
test date.
 
                        
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after 3 years the
                        
current Subordinate Percentage is equal to two times
                        
the initial Subordinate Percentage and (i) the
                        
principal balance of the related mortgage loans 60 days
                        
or more delinquent, averaged over the last 6 months, as
                
        
a percentage of the Current Principal Amount of the
                        
related Subordinate Certificates does not exceed 50%
                        
and (ii) cumulative realized losses for the related
                        
mortgage loans do not exceed a) on or prior to November
                        
2008, 20% or b) after November 2008, 30%, then
                        
prepayments will be allocated on a pro rata basis.
 
                        
If doubling occurs prior to the third anniversary and
                        
the above delinquency and loss tests are met, then 50%
                        
of the related subordinate prepayment percentage can be
                        
allocated to the related subordinate classes.
 
Allocation of Losses:     Realized Losses on the
mortgage loans will be allocated
                        
to the most junior class of Certificates outstanding
                        
beginning with the Class 1-B-6 Certificates, until the
                        
Certificate Principal Balance of each Subordinate Class
                        
has been reduced to zero. Thereafter, Realized Losses
                        
on the Group 1 Mortgage Loans will be allocated first
                        
to the Class 1-A-2 Certificates until zero and then to
                        
the Class 1-A-1 Certificates.
 
Corridor Cap Contract:    The issuer will benefit from
a series of interest rate
                        
cap payments from the Yield Maintenance Provider
          
              
pursuant to two corridor cap agreements (the "Corridor
                        
Cap Agreement") purchased with respect to the Class
                        
1-A-2 and Class 1-B Certificates. The Corridor Cap
                        
Agreement is intended to partially mitigate the
                        
interest rate risk that could result from the
                        
difference between the Note Interest Rate on the Class
                        
1-A-2 and Class 1-B Certificates and the Net Rate Cap
                        
with respect to the mortgage loans.
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.                                                               
Page 7
 
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        
On each Distribution Date, payments under the Corridor
                        
Cap Agreement will be an amount equal to the product of
                        
(i) the excess of the minimum of (1) the then current
                        
1-Month LIBOR and (2) 10.50% for such Distribution Date
                        
over the strike rate, (ii) the lesser of (a) the
                        
related Principal Balance of the respective class(es)
                        
for such Distribution Date and (b) the notional balance
                        
based on a certain prepayment speed for such loans on
                        
such Distribution Date as set forth in Exhibit I, and
                        
(iii) the actual number of days in the corresponding
                         
accrual period divided by 360.
 
Yield Maintenance
Provider:                
Bear Stearns Financial Products Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the Prospectus
Supplement.            
                                                   
Page 8
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                                  
Exhibit 1 - Corridor Cap Terms
                        
Distribution          
Class I-A-2         
Class 1-A-2        
Class 1-B         
  Class 1-B
                           
Date                
Notional           
Strike Rate         
Notional         
Strike Rate
                        
<S>                 
<C>                     
<C>             
<C>                   
<C>
                 
       
25-Dec-05           
56,673,000.00           
100             
28,336,575.00         
100
                        
25-Jan-06           
55,251,170.98           
8.44            
28,330,405.39         
8.44
                        
25-Feb-06           
54,079,026.16           
8.96            
28,324,231.26         
8.96
                        
25-Mar-06           
52,955,782.27           
10.27           
28,321,932.15         
10.27
                        
25-Apr-06           
51,869,538.43           
9.27         
   
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-May-06           
50,804,769.39           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Jun-06           
49,761,032.78           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                         
25-Jul-06           
48,737,895.70           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Aug-06           
47,734,934.47           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Sep-06           
46,751,734.46           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Oct-06           
45,787,889.86           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Nov-06           
44,832,360.66        
    9.27
           
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Dec-06           
43,894,871.56           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Jan-07           
42,975,491.10           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Feb-07           
42,074,377.39           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Mar-07           
41,191,152.46           
10.27           
28,321,932.15         
10.27
                
        
25-Apr-07           
40,325,446.44           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-May-07           
39,476,897.39           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Jun-07           
38,645,151.11           
9.27            
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Jul-07           
37,829,860.97           
9.58            
28,321,932.15         
9.58
                        
25-Aug-07           
37,030,687.76           
9.27        
    
28,321,932.15         
9.27
                        
25-Sep-07           
36,247,044.83           
9.27            
28,321,915.87         
9.27
                        
25-Oct-07           
35,478,872.02           
9.58            
28,321,899.53         
9.58
                         
25-Nov-07           
34,717,270.30           
9.27            
28,321,883.13         
9.27
                        
25-Dec-07           
33,970,093.52           
9.58            
28,321,866.67         
9.58
                        
25-Jan-08           
33,237,387.04           
9.27            
28,321,850.14         
9.27
                        
25-Feb-08           
32,518,884.11           
9.27            
28,321,799.07         
9.27
                        
25-Mar-08           
31,814,693.74       
     9.91
           
28,321,747.81         
9.91
                        
25-Apr-08           
31,124,519.10           
9.27            
28,321,696.37         
9.27
                        
25-May-08           
30,448,069.73           
9.58            
28,321,644.73         
9.58
                        
25-Jun-08           
29,622,247.63           
9.27            
28,306,816.54         
9.27
                        
25-Jul-08           
28,816,092.30           
9.58            
28,291,872.30         
9.58
                
        
25-Aug-08           
28,029,137.92           
9.27            
28,276,811.14         
9.27
                        
25-Sep-08           
27,260,929.74           
9.27            
28,261,632.23         
9.27
                        
25-Oct-08           
26,511,023.79           
9.58            
28,246,334.69         
9.58
                        
25-Nov-08           
25,768,556.50           
9.27            
28,229,715.70         
9.27
                        
25-Dec-08           
25,090,374.11           
9.58        
    
27,878,141.36         
9.58
                        
25-Jan-09           
24,480,770.14           
9.27            
27,200,804.87         
9.27
                        
25-Feb-09           
23,885,844.46           
9.27            
26,539,777.57         
9.27
                         
25-Mar-09           
23,305,245.68           
10.27           
25,894,669.00         
10.27
                        
25-Apr-09           
22,738,630.76           
9.27            
25,265,098.04         
9.27
                        
25-May-09           
22,185,664.86           
9.58            
24,650,692.62         
9.58
</TABLE>
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the
Prospectus Supplement.                                                    
Page 9
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                        
<S>                  
<C>                 
<C>            
<C>               
<C>
                        
25-Jun-09           
21,646,021.11        9.27
          
24,051,089.57      9.27
                        
25-Jul-09           
21,119,380.46        9.58
          
23,465,934.37      9.58
                        
25-Aug-09           
20,605,431.45        9.27
          
22,894,880.98      9.27
                        
25-Sep-09           
20,103,870.08        9.27
          
22,337,591.60      9.27
                         
25-Oct-09           
19,614,399.57        9.58
          
21,793,736.49      9.58
                        
25-Nov-09           
19,136,730.25        9.27
          
21,262,993.78      9.27
                        
25-Dec-09           
18,670,579.34        9.58
          
20,745,049.28      9.58
                        
25-Jan-10           
18,215,670.83        9.27
          
20,239,596.32      9.27
                        
25-Feb-10           
17,771,735.28        9.27
          
19,746,335.51      9.27
                        
25-Mar-10           
17,338,509.69       
10.27          
19,264,974.64      10.27
                        
25-Apr-10           
16,915,737.34        9.27
          
18,795,228.46      9.27
                        
25-May-10           
16,503,167.64        9.58
          
18,336,818.52      9.58
                        
25-Jun-10           
16,100,555.96        9.27
          
17,889,473.05      9.27
                        
25-Jul-10           
15,707,663.55        9.58
          
17,452,926.73      9.58
                        
25-Aug-10           
15,324,257.32        9.27
          
17,026,920.60      9.27
                        
25-Sep-10           
14,950,109.78        9.27
          
16,611,201.88      9.27
                        
25-Oct-10           
14,584,998.84        9.58
          
16,205,523.81      9.58
                        
25-Nov-10           
14,228,707.74        9.27
          
15,809,645.55      9.27
                        
25-Dec-10           
13,881,024.89        9.58
          
15,423,331.99  
    9.58
                        
25-Jan-11           
13,541,743.75        9.27
          
15,046,353.64      9.27
                        
25-Feb-11           
13,210,662.71        9.27
          
14,678,486.50      9.27
                        
25-Mar-11        
   
12,887,584.99       
10.27          
14,319,511.92      10.27
                        
25-Apr-11           
12,572,318.49        9.27
          
13,969,216.46      9.27
                        
25-May-11           
12,264,675.71        9.58
          
13,627,391.79      9.58
                        
25-Jun-11           
11,964,473.65        9.27
          
13,293,834.55      9.27
                        
25-Jul-11           
11,671,533.65        9.58
          
12,968,346.26      9.58
                        
25-Aug-11    
       
11,385,681.33        9.27
          
12,650,733.17      9.27
                        
25-Sep-11           
11,106,746.49        9.27
          
12,340,806.14      9.27
                        
25-Oct-11           
10,834,562.98        9.58
          
12,038,380.58      9.58
                        
25-Nov-11           
10,568,968.64        9.27
          
11,743,276.31      9.27
                        
25-Dec-11           
10,309,805.17        9.58
          
11,455,317.43      9.58
                        
25-Jan-12           
10,056,918.06        9.27
          
11,174,332.28      9.27
                        
25-Feb-12           
9,810,156.50        
9.27           
10,900,153.27      9.27
                        
25-Mar-12           
9,569,373.28        
9.91           
10,632,616.85      9.91
                        
25-Apr-12           
9,334,424.70        
9.27           
10,371,563.36      9.27
                        
25-May-12           
9,105,170.52        
9.58           
10,116,836.97      9.58
                        
25-Jun-12           
8,881,473.83        
9.27           
9,868,285.55       9.27
                        
25-Jul-12           
8,663,201.01        
9.58           
9,625,760.65       9.58
                        
25-Aug-12           
8,450,221.63        
9.27           
9,389,117.33       9.27
                        
25-Sep-12           
8,242,408.39        
9.27           
9,158,214.15       9.27
                        
25-Oct-12           
8,039,637.01        
9.58           
8,932,913.04       9.58
                        
25-Nov-12           
7,841,786.20        
9.27           
8,713,079.22       9.27
                        
25-Dec-12           
7,648,737.59        
9.58           
8,498,581.16       9.58
                        
25-Jan-13           
7,460,375.61        
9.27          
  8,289,290.46
      9.27
                        
25-Feb-13           
7,276,587.48        
9.27           
8,085,081.80       9.27
</TABLE>
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the
Prospectus Supplement.                          
                         
Page 10
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                       
<S>                  
<C>                 
<C>            
<C>               
<C>
                        
25-Mar-13           
7,097,263.10        
10.27          
7,885,832.86       10.27
      
                  
25-Apr-13           
6,922,295.02        
9.27           
7,691,424.24       9.27
                        
25-May-13           
6,751,578.35        
9.58           
7,501,739.40       9.58
                        
25-Jun-13           
6,585,010.73        
9.27           
7,316,664.61       9.27
                        
25-Jul-13           
6,422,492.22        
9.58           
7,136,088.83       9.58
                        
25-Aug-13           
6,263,925.31        
9.27           
6,959,903.70       9.27
                         
25-Sep-13           
6,109,214.80        
9.27           
6,788,003.45       9.27
                        
25-Oct-13           
5,958,267.77        
9.58           
6,620,284.84       9.58
                        
25-Nov-13           
5,810,993.53        
9.27           
6,456,647.10       9.27
                        
25-Dec-13           
5,667,303.58        
9.58           
6,296,991.90       9.58
                        
25-Jan-14           
5,527,111.51        
9.27           
6,141,223.22       9.27
                         
25-Feb-14           
5,390,333.00        
9.27           
5,989,247.38       9.27
                        
25-Mar-14           
5,256,885.74        
10.27          
5,840,972.92       10.27
                        
25-Apr-14           
5,126,689.40        
9.27           
5,696,310.59       9.27
</TABLE>
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
November 30, 2005

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This information should be considered only
after reading the Bear Stearns'
Statement Regarding Assumptions as to
Securities, Pricing Estimates and Other
Information (the "Statement"), which should
be attached. Do not use or rely on
this information if you have not received
and reviewed this Statement. You may
obtain a copy of the Statement from your
sales representative. The collateral
information contained on the following
pages is furnished as background
information for your use in reviewing the
computational materials which are
attached hereto and are a part hereof. This
collateral information will be
superseded by the description of the
collateral contained in the
Prospectus Supplement.                                                   
Page 11
 
 
<PAGE>
 
 
Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II
Inc.
Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series
2005-AR7, Group 1
Computational Materials: Preliminary Term
Sheet

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
                                                 
Exhibit II - Yield Tables to Call
 
Class 1-B-1 to Call
<S>                     
<C>           
<C>           
<C>           
<C>           
<C>           
<C>          
<C>          
<C>
Price: 100-00           
10.00% CPR    
15.00% CPR    
20.00% CPR    
25.00% CPR    
30.00% CPR    
35.00% CPR   
45.00% CPR   
55.00% CPR
Avg. Life                 
12.49          
8.93          
6.74          
5.49          
4.66           
4.01        
3.09         
2.35
Prin. Start Date        
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005
Prin. End Date          
12/25/2023    
1/25/2019      11/25/2015
    11/25/2013
    5/25/2012
    
5/25/2011    
11/25/2009   
11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len            
217           
158           
120           
96            
78            
66           
48           
36
Yield                      
4.84          
4.99          
4.99         
4.99          
4.99          
4.99         
4.99         
4.99
 
Class 1-B-1 to Call
Price: 100-00           
10.00% CPR    
15.00% CPR    
20.00% CPR    
25.00% CPR    
30.00% CPR    
35.00% CPR   
45.00% CPR   
55.00% CPR
Avg. Life                 
12.49          
8.93          
6.74          
5.49          
4.66           
4.01        
3.09         
2.35
Prin. Start Date        
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005
Prin. End Date          
12/25/2023    
1/25/2019      11/25/2015
    11/25/2013
    5/25/2012
    
5/25/2011    
11/25/2009   
11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len           
217           
158           
120           
96            
78            
66           
48           
36
Yield                      
4.89          
5.04          
5.04         
5.04          
5.04          
5.04         
5.04        
  5.04
 
Class 1-B-1 to Call
Price: 100-00           
10.00% CPR    
15.00% CPR    
20.00% CPR    
25.00% CPR    
30.00% CPR    
35.00% CPR   
45.00% CPR   
55.00% CPR
Avg. Life                 
12.49          
8.93          
6.74          
5.49          
4.66           
4.01        
3.09         
2.35
Prin. Start Date        
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005
Prin. End Date          
12/25/2023    
1/25/2019      11/25/2015
    11/25/2013
    5/25/2012
    
5/25/2011    
11/25/2009   
11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len           
217           
158           
120            
96            
78            
66           
48           
36
Yield                      
5.61          
5.61          
5.61          
5.61          
5.61      
     5.61
        
5.61         
5.61
 
Class 1-B-1 to Call
Price: 100-00           
10.00% CPR    
15.00% CPR    
20.00% CPR    
25.00% CPR    
30.00% CPR    
35.00% CPR   
45.00% CPR   
55.00% CPR
Avg. Life                 
12.49          
8.93          
6.74          
5.49          
4.66           
4.01        
3.09         
2.35
Prin. Start Date        
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005    
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005   
12/25/2005
Prin. End Date          
12/25/2023    
1/25/2019      11/25/2015
    11/25/2013
    5/25/2012
    
5/25/2011    
11/25/2009   
11/25/2008
Prin. Window Len           
217           
158           
120            
96            
78            
66           
48           
36
Yield                      
5.72          
5.83          
5.83     
      5.82
         
5.81          
5.81         
5.78         
5.75
</TABLE>
 
 
 
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ARM Desk (212)
272-4976               
Novembe


 








 












