






























Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Has $483,000 Stake in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for American Tower Corporation (REIT)

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor American Tower Corporation (REIT) with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Nuveen Asset Management LLC Has $13.76 Million Position in Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE:SFR)
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Blue Buffalo Pet Products, Inc. (BUFF)
Bank of Hawaii Corporation (NYSE:BOH) Stake Boosted by State Street Corp
Grassi Investment Management Takes Position in CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL)
Bath Savings Trust Co Decreases Stake in Trimble Navigation Ltd. (NASDAQ:TRMB)
Live Your Vision LLC Acquires 1 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ)
4,592 Shares in Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (NYSE:EOCC) Acquired by FNY Partners Fund LP
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Has $7.36 Million Position in Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE)
Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. Has $2.82 Million Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)
Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $522,000 Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI)
HighTower Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD)
Legal & General Group Plc Boosts Position in Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF)
Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Has $483,000 Stake in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Boosts Position in Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:IPG)
Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK) Stake Raised by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Lincoln Capital Corp Raises Position in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK)
Universal Display Corporation (OLED) Stake Increased by HighTower Advisors LLC
Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Stake Reduced by Fiduciary Group LLC
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Boosts Position in TC PipeLines, LP (TCP)
German American Bancorp (NASDAQ:GABC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.11







Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Has $483,000 Stake in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. maintained its position in  American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 3,970 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc.’s holdings in American Tower Corporation (REIT) were worth $483,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AMT. BLB&B Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of  American Tower Corporation (REIT) by 27.5% in the first quarter. BLB&B Advisors LLC now owns 5,655 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $687,000 after buying an additional 1,220 shares during the period.  Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  American Tower Corporation (REIT) by 296.4% in the first quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,761 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $579,000 after buying an additional 3,560 shares during the period.  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC raised its stake in shares of  American Tower Corporation (REIT) by 19.9% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 43,143 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5,244,000 after buying an additional 7,152 shares during the period.  Telos Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  American Tower Corporation (REIT) by 17.0% in the first quarter. Telos Capital Management Inc. now owns 13,033 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,584,000 after buying an additional 1,897 shares during the period.  Finally, Cullinan Associates Inc. raised its stake in shares of  American Tower Corporation (REIT) by 8.1% in the first quarter. Cullinan Associates Inc. now owns 38,360 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $4,662,000 after buying an additional 2,880 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  93.21% of the company’s stock. 


 Get American Tower Corporation (REIT) alerts:



American Tower Corporation (NYSE AMT) opened at 136.90 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $58.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 66.10 and a beta of 0.71. American Tower Corporation has a 52 week low of $99.72 and a 52 week high of $138.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $132.46 and a 200-day moving average price of $120.50. 





American Tower Corporation (REIT) (NYSE:AMT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.51 by $0.84. American Tower Corporation (REIT) had a return on equity of 14.26% and a net margin of 16.32%. The firm had revenue of $1.62 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.58 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.58 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  American Tower Corporation will post $3.02 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 14th. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 19th were paid a $0.64 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Thursday, June 15th. This is a boost from American Tower Corporation (REIT)’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.62. This represents a $2.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.87%. American Tower Corporation (REIT)’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 124.27%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/foresters-investment-management-company-inc-has-483000-stake-in-american-tower-corporation-reit-nyseamt-updated-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have recently commented on AMT. BidaskClub upgraded American Tower Corporation (REIT) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Cowen and Company  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $155.00 price objective on shares of American Tower Corporation (REIT) in a research note on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on American Tower Corporation (REIT) from $145.00 to $157.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $150.00 price objective on shares of American Tower Corporation (REIT) in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut American Tower Corporation (REIT) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating and twelve have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $140.17.
In other American Tower Corporation (REIT) news, EVP Steven C. Marshall sold 20,548 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $134.92, for a total value of $2,772,336.16. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, SVP Robert Joseph Meyer, Jr. sold 40,653 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $126.16, for a total transaction of $5,128,782.48. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 36,060 shares in the company, valued at $4,549,329.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 133,350 shares of company stock worth $17,042,690 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own  0.86% of the company’s stock. 
About American Tower Corporation (REIT)
American Tower Corporation (ATC) is a holding company. The Company operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT), which owns, operates and develops multitenant communications real estate. ATC’s segments include U.S. property, Asia property, EMEA property, Latin America property, Services and Other.







Receive News & Ratings for American Tower Corporation (REIT) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Tower Corporation (REIT) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:07 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to investment companies. It launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It is based in New York. It was formerly known as First Investors Management Company, Inc. Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.


110 Wall Street4th FloorNew York, NY 10005United States



Phone: 212-858-8000

Fax: 212-858-8119

www.forestersfinancial.com







Key Executives for Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc.




Mr. Clark D. Wagner


      	President, Director of Fixed Income, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William Michael Lipkus


      	Chief Financial Officer and Director
      








Mr. Larry Raymond Lavoie J.D.


      	Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Director
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. Edwin D. Miska


      	Director of Equities and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Michael J. O'Keefe


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc. Key Developments

Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc. Appoints Clark Wagner as President
Jun 8 16
Foresters Financial announced that Clark Wagner has been appointed President of First Investors Management Company, Inc. effective May 23, 2016. In his new, all-encompassing role, Mr. Wagner will manage the firm's U.S. asset management business, which includes the First Investors family of funds, as well as the general account assets of Foresters Financial. This new position follows Mr. Wagner's appointment as Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Foresters Financial in February 2016. Under Mr. Wagner's leadership, FIMCO will continue to respond to client needs by introducing new and innovative investment products. In addition to his multifaceted roles at FIMCO, Mr. Wagner is also a member of the Investment Company Institute's Municipal Securities Advisory Committee, the Municipal Analysts Group of New York, the Municipal Forum of New York and the Municipal Bond Buyers Conference where he previously served as Chairman.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc., please visit www.forestersfinancial.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Foresters Investment Management Co Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























foresters investment management co inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc. provides financial services. The Company offers life insurance, annuities, mutual funds, education savings, retirement planning, and advisory services. Foresters Investment Management serves customers globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

40 Wall Street
New York, NY 10005
United States


Phone:
1-800-423-4026


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.foresters.com























From The Web











Key Executives


William Michael Lipkus "Bill"


Chairman




Clark D Wagner


President




Francis Xavier Gannon


Chief Financial Officer




Marc Steven Milgram


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































﻿






























Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Parker-Hannifin Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Parker-Hannifin Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Position Maintained by Cullinan Associates Inc.
Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Shares Bought by Swedbank
Cardinal Health, Inc. (CAH) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 100 Shares of Avnet, Inc. (NYSE:AVT)
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 1,500 Shares of Olin Corporation (NYSE:OLN)
Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) Position Maintained by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
Stock Repurchase Program Approved by ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) Board of Directors
Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Acquires 500 Shares of Eli Lilly and Company (LLY)
Credit Suisse AG Sells 52,204 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)
Legal & General Group Plc Acquires 559 Shares of Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. (OLLI)
BlackRock Inc. Acquires 6,739,920 Shares of II-VI Incorporated (NASDAQ:IIVI)
State Street Corp Acquires 4,012 Shares of XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO)
Credit Suisse AG Decreases Position in 3D Systems Corporation (DDD)
Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $350,000 Stake in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)
DTE Energy Company (NYSE:DTE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Lincoln National Corporation (LNC)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Holds Stake in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:BR)
Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE:LUK) Stake Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC







Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its position in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) by 1.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 8,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Parker-Hannifin Corporation were worth $1,327,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation during the first quarter worth $112,000.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 4.6% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 844 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 88.5% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 852 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter.  FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation during the first quarter worth $160,000.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 74.3% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 1,124 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $180,000 after buying an additional 479 shares in the last quarter. 79.95% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Parker-Hannifin Corporation alerts:



Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) opened at 164.54 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $21.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.97 and a beta of 1.39. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $160.27 and a 200 day moving average of $155.95. Parker-Hannifin Corporation has a one year low of $111.36 and a one year high of $167.12. 





Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.86 by $0.25. The business had revenue of $3.12 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.03 billion. Parker-Hannifin Corporation had a net margin of 8.11% and a return on equity of 22.14%. The company’s revenue was up 10.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.51 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Parker-Hannifin Corporation will post $7.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/parker-hannifin-corporation-ph-shares-bought-by-louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system.html. 
Several equities research analysts have commented on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $169.00 price objective on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Barclays PLC  reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $148.00 price objective (down previously from $158.00) on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $165.18.
In related news, VP Robert W. Bond sold 12,490 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $161.78, for a total transaction of $2,020,632.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, VP John G. Dedinsky, Jr. sold 2,530 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $160.98, for a total transaction of $407,279.40. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 21,753 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,501,797.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 21,563 shares of company stock valued at $3,471,380. Company insiders own  2.73% of the company’s stock. 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Company Profile
Parker-Hannifin Corporation is a manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a range of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The Company operates through segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. The Diversified Industrial Segment is an aggregation of several business units, which manufacture motion-control and fluid power system components for builders and users of various types of manufacturing, packaging, processing, transportation, agricultural, construction, and military vehicles and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH).







Receive News & Ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc. | Accreditation



























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Management
 > 
Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(800) 423-4026

Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.
87 years in business
Headquarters

        40 Wall Street
10th Floor
        New York, NY 10005-1343
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (212) 563-2600
                        

                            (516) 742-2211
                        

                            (212) 858-8200
                        

                            (516) 567-0900
                        

                            (914) 561-3489
                        

                            (800) 221-3846
                        

                            (800) 342-7963
                        

                            (800) 966-5045
                        

                            (800) 342-6221
                        

                            (800) 832-7783
                        

                            (800) 338-7857
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.forestersfinancial.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 01/01/2001
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1930


                Business Incorporated: 01/01/1962 in NY






            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Anthony M. Garcia, President & CEO, Foresters
                

                    Mr. Bill Lipkus, President & CEO, Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.
                






            Business Category
        


                Investment Management
            




                            Investment Securities
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Foresters Financial Services, Inc.
                

                    Foresters Investors Services, Inc.
                

                    Foresters Investment Management Company, Inc.
                

                    Foresters Life Insurance and Annuity Company
                

                    Foresters Advisory Services, LLC
                




                            Foresters Equity Services, Inc.
                        




See More Alternate Business Names
See Less Alternate Business Names





 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc.
            










A-




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[0] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[1] Negative Reviews



[1] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[27] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc. has received 3.23 out of 5 stars based on 1 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A-.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB New York





























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/19/17


“Can You Hear Me?” “Yes” Scam Calls Increase, Still Trick Consumers



06/29/17


Better Business Bureau and National Cyber Security Alliance Recommendations for Safeguards against Ransomware



06/21/17


BBB Warning on Fake Event Tickets



06/12/17


BBB Metro New York Alert about Two Online Retailers



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    


                    Businesses that commit to high standards are just a click away:
                

Contractors, Plumbers, Builders, Roofers, Movers, and more...







File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Tell Us!








Click here to learn more







Click to Tell us About the Business







Click Now to Tell Us About the Ad





















 

 



 

 












 

 

 


 













 


 


Click here to begin your search
  
  





























Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Mobile Mini Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobile Mini Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Wells Fargo & (NYSE:WFC) Share Price					

Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16					

Amalgamated Bank Purchases 3,463 Shares of Halliburton Company (HAL)					

T-Mobile US’s (NASDAQ:TMUS) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

United Parcel Service (UPS) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds					

Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for SL Green Realty Corporation Issued By SunTrust Banks (NYSE:SLG)					

Alamos Gold Inc. (NYSE:AGI) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share					

KCG Holdings Inc. Purchases New Position in Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS)					

Amalgamated Bank Has $236,000 Position in Rexnord Corporation (NYSE:RXN)					

PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc.					

KCG Holdings Inc. Invests $294,000 in Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME)					

PTC Inc. (PTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC					

Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (CRZO) Stake Reduced by Amalgamated Bank					

Thescore Inc (CVE:SCR) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday					

Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.14					

BlackRock Inc. Has $145.59 Million Stake in First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF)					

eHealth, Inc. (EHTH) Stake Decreased by New York State Teachers Retirement System					

New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $705,000 Stake in Carbo Ceramics, Inc. (NYSE:CRR)					

NIC Inc. (EGOV) Position Held by New York State Teachers Retirement System					





 





						Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc.					

						 July 25th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










KCG Holdings Inc. increased its position in shares of  Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI) by 12.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 9,951 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,123 shares during the period. KCG Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Mobile Mini were worth $304,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in MINI. Geneva Advisors LLC increased its position in  Mobile Mini by 6.6% in the first quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC now owns 30,844 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $941,000 after buying an additional 1,906 shares during the period.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its position in  Mobile Mini by 1,171.2% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 273,894 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $8,354,000 after buying an additional 252,348 shares during the period.  Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in  Mobile Mini by 8.7% in the first quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 681,917 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $20,798,000 after buying an additional 54,813 shares during the period.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its position in  Mobile Mini by 2.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 4,910 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period.  Finally, Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC increased its position in  Mobile Mini by 6.6% in the first quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC now owns 692,955 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $21,135,000 after buying an additional 42,874 shares during the period. 
Shares of Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ MINI) opened at 30.55 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.34 billion, a PE ratio of 26.54 and a beta of 2.26. Mobile Mini, Inc. has a 52-week low of $23.40 and a 52-week high of $37.37. The company has a 50 day moving average of $29.49 and a 200 day moving average of $30.04. 




Mobile Mini (NASDAQ:MINI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, July 21st. The industrial products company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $126.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $126.03 million. Mobile Mini had a net margin of 10.03% and a return on equity of 7.57%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.25 EPS.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Mobile Mini, Inc. will post $1.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 30th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, August 16th will be given a dividend of $0.227 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, August 14th. This represents a $0.91 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.97%. Mobile Mini’s payout ratio is currently 78.45%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was  published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/25/mobile-mini-inc-nasdaqmini-shares-bought-by-kcg-holdings-inc.html. 
Several equities analysts have weighed in on MINI shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Mobile Mini from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Mobile Mini from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 30th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. Mobile Mini presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $35.00.
About Mobile Mini
Mobile Mini, Inc is a provider of portable storage solutions. The Company, through its subsidiary, Evergreen Tank Solutions, Inc (ETS), is a provider of specialty containment solutions in the United States. The Company manages its business as two portable storage solutions business segments, North America and the U.K., and one specialty containment business segment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MINI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI).






Receive News & Ratings for Mobile Mini Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobile Mini Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 






























































	Foresters Financial completes the purchase of Aegon Capital Management and Aegon Fund Management | Foresters Financial


















































Skip to content
Skip to footer site map







                Foresters
            








                        United States
                        




                Canada : English
            



                Canada : Français
            



                United Kingdom
            




For agents



                        Login
                        



                Login
            
For customers
Client Access
MyForesters
EPIC
For advisors
RepNet
ezbiz
Investment professionals






Search



Search




























Newsroom
















Foresters Financial completes the purchase of Aegon Capital Management and Aegon Fund Management - Asset management business expands into Canada



                May 05, 2016
            





TORONTO (May 5, 2016) – Foresters Financial™, the Toronto-based international financial services provider, announced yesterday, May 4, 2016, the completion of an agreement with Proj Fox Acquisition Inc. to acquire 100 per cent of the shares of Aegon Capital Management Inc. and Aegon Fund Management Inc. All required Canadian regulatory approvals have been received.

As of today, Aegon Capital Management Inc. (ACM) will become Foresters Asset Management Inc. (FAM) and Aegon Fund Management Inc. (AFM) will become Foresters Financial Investment Management Company of Canada Inc. (FFIMCO). The names of the imaxxFunds™ have not changed as a result of the acquisition. 

“This is an exciting time for Foresters Financial and an important move to strengthen not only our Canadian product offerings but also the overall growth of our investment business,” said Bill Lipkus, President and CEO, Foresters Financial Holding Company Inc. “This acquisition strengthens our market position in Canada, providing immediate access to a comprehensive retail distribution network and the ability to significantly expand the financial solutions and products we offer in Canada.” 

Through the transaction, Foresters Financial has acquired ACM’s third-party business, imaxx mutual funds, and will continue managing the investments backing the segregated products, general account and corporate assets of ivari™. As of December 31, 2015, the entities involved in the transaction had funds under management totaling approximately CAD $44 billion.

The transition of FAM and FFIMCO to Foresters Financial will continue throughout the next six months. For information on ACM/FAM visit www.forestersassetmgmt.com.  For information on imaxxFunds visit www.imaxxwealth.com.   

About Foresters Financial
Foresters Financial is an international financial services provider with more than three million clients and members in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom. We provide life insurance, savings, retirement and investment solutions that help families achieve their financial goals and make a lasting difference in their lives and communities. Foresters Financial has assets of almost $14 billion, total funds under management of almost $34 billion and a surplus of $2.3 billion (all figures in Canadian dollars as of December 31, 2015). For more information, visit www.foresters.com.

-30-

For more information:

Lori Abbott
Foresters Financial
416-429-3000 ext. 4763
800-461-8431 ext. 4763
labbott@foresters.com

Andrew Berwick
Foresters Asset Management 
416-883-5551 
andrew.berwick@foresters.com





Foresters Financial and Foresters are trade names and trademarks of The Independent Order of Foresters (a fraternal benefit society, 789 Don Mills Road, Toronto, Canada M3C 1T9) and its subsidiaries. 
™imaxx, imaxxFunds and imaxxwealth are trademarks of Foresters Financial Investment Management Company of Canada Inc.
™ivari and the ivari logos are trademarks of ivari Canada ULC. ivari is licensed to use such marks.
 
413762 CAN (05/16)








        View our annual report to members
    


                View our annual report to members
            


Select a year


                            2016
                        

                            2015
                        

                            2014
                        

                            2013
                        

                            2012
                        






        Media contact
    

    Greg Hubert




        416-429-3000 ext 4044
    



            ghubert@foresters.com
















                Ready to take the next step?
                
                Find an advisor/agent

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































	Foresters Financial | Foresters Financial


















































Skip to content
Skip to footer site map







                Foresters
            








                        United States
                        




                Canada : English
            



                Canada : Français
            



                United Kingdom
            




For agents



                        Login
                        



                Login
            
For customers
Client Access
MyForesters
EPIC
For advisors
RepNet
ezbiz
Investment professionals






Search



Search





















For all life's stages



                                    Financial subcategories
                                


                                                I am here to:
                                            

                                            Learn about investing
                                        

                                            Learn about life insurance
                                        

                                            Learn about annuities
                                        

                                            Plan for retirement
                                        

                                            Learn about career opportunities
                                        

                                            Log in to MyForesters
                                        



                                        Go
                                    
















Foresters Financial launches First Investors Long Short Fund - click here










            Learn about our financial solutions
        





            Planning for retirement
        





            Planning for life’s events 
        





            Help protect your family
        










                    Already have a product in mind?











                    Life insurance
                

                Life insurance is a financial tool that can protect your family and strengthen your overall financial plan. We offer a wide range of products, each with its own specific features and benefits.
            
Learn more










                    Mutual Funds
                

                We have a long-term approach to investing and a selection of mutual funds that can help you achieve your financial goals - whether you’re saving for a home, sending a child to college or planning your retirement.

Learn more














                    Annuities
                

                Annuities are financial products designed to guarantee a steady stream of income at a future point in time, helping you safeguard against the risk of outliving your assets. We offer a choice of flexible payment annuity products to fit your needs and goals.
            
Learn more










                    Retirement and savings plans
                

                It’s never too early to start thinking about retirement and planning your financial future. Whether you’re just starting out or getting ready to retire, our products and plans can help you get on track to create the future of your dreams.
            
Learn more














At Foresters Financial™, we believe in doing more - for you, your family and your community.









                Ready to take the next step?
                
                Find an advisor/agent











            The Foresters difference
        

            For more than 140 years, Foresters Financial has helped families plan for their financial future while making a difference in their communities. Each year, we provide millions to support causes that enrich the lives of families and, through our global member* network, we provide volunteering efforts that directly benefit local communities in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
        
The Foresters difference






            Newsroom
        

            View our latest news releases, media coverage and fact sheets in one place. You can also find media contact information here.
        
Newsroom






            Careers
        

            Interested in a career with Foresters Financial™? Our Careers section has information on what it’s like to work for us as well as links to current openings.
        
Careers








*Description of member benefits that you may receive assumes you are a Foresters member. In the United States members may currently only be anyone insured under a life or health insurance certificate, or an annuitant under an annuity certificate, issued by The Independent Order of Foresters.   If you are not an insured under a life or health insurance certificate, or an annuitant under an annuity certificate, issued by The Independent Order of Foresters, or are not a social fraternal member, then you are not a member. Foresters member benefits are non-contractual, subject to benefit specific Eligibility requirements, Definitions and limitations and may be changed or cancelled without notice. 
 
Check the background of Foresters Financial Services, Inc. on FINRA's Brokercheck















