






























Formidable Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Rockwell Automation Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Rockwell Automation Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Nucor Corporation (NUE) Stake Decreased by Bank of Montreal Can
Ciner Resources LP (CINR) Increases Dividend to $0.57 Per Share
Pain Therapeutics (NASDAQ:PTIE) Sets New 52-Week Low at $3.19
Diebold, Incorporated (DBD) Stake Raised by OppenheimerFunds Inc.
Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) Stake Boosted by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc.
Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $31.87 Million Position in ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD)
Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Decreases Stake in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
TiVo Corporation (TIVO) Stake Raised by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Cribstone Capital Management LLC Sells 171 Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL)
Paylocity Holding Corporation (PCTY) Shares Sold by Wellington Management Group LLP
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Sells 1,346 Shares of Entegris, Inc. (ENTG)
Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Position Maintained by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
MGIC Investment Corporation (MTG) Shares Bought by Stifel Financial Corp
Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 3,841 Shares of Mueller Industries, Inc. (MLI)
Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 13,770 Shares of Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX)
BioTelemetry, Inc. (NASDAQ:BEAT) Position Maintained by Swiss National Bank
Russell Investments Group Ltd. Increases Stake in West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST)
Bearing Lithium Corp (TSE:BRZ) Director Kirk Edward Shaw Sells 20,000 Shares
Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 20,480 Shares of American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL)







Formidable Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 11th, 2017 // No Comments




Formidable Asset Management LLC held its position in shares of  Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,840 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Formidable Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Rockwell Automation were worth $287,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in shares of  Rockwell Automation by 61.3% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 3,065 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $412,000 after buying an additional 1,165 shares in the last quarter.  Van ECK Associates Corp increased its position in shares of  Rockwell Automation by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 2,099 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $282,000 after buying an additional 114 shares in the last quarter.  Tredje AP fonden increased its position in shares of  Rockwell Automation by 118.7% in the fourth quarter. Tredje AP fonden now owns 3,018 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $406,000 after buying an additional 1,638 shares in the last quarter.  FMR LLC increased its position in shares of  Rockwell Automation by 334.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 403,863 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $54,279,000 after buying an additional 310,928 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Elkfork Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at $508,000. 73.93% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Rockwell Automation Inc. alerts:



Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE ROK) opened at 164.69 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $159.63 and a 200-day moving average of $151.73. Rockwell Automation, Inc. has a one year low of $111.52 and a one year high of $165.80. The company has a market cap of $21.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.49 and a beta of 1.17. 





Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.55 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.40 by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $1.55 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Rockwell Automation had a net margin of 12.88% and a return on equity of 39.71%. Rockwell Automation’s quarterly revenue was up 7.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.37 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Rockwell Automation, Inc. will post $6.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, September 11th. Investors of record on Monday, August 14th will be given a dividend of $0.76 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, August 10th. This represents a $3.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.85%. Rockwell Automation’s payout ratio is presently 50.75%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Formidable Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/11/formidable-asset-management-llc-has-287000-stake-in-rockwell-automation-inc-rok-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts recently weighed in on ROK shares. Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $145.00 target price on shares of Rockwell Automation in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Gabelli raised shares of Rockwell Automation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on shares of Rockwell Automation from $166.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation from $159.00 to $167.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Morgan Stanley increased their price objective on shares of Rockwell Automation from $153.00 to $167.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and three have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Rockwell Automation  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $142.93.
In other Rockwell Automation news, insider Kenneth M. Champa sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $159.08, for a total value of $795,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 8,169 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,299,524.52. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, VP Steven W. Etzel sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $158.54, for a total transaction of $475,620.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 9,465 shares in the company, valued at $1,500,581.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 129,605 shares of company stock worth $20,469,855 over the last 90 days. 1.65% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise.







Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Formidable Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























formidable asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Formidable Asset Management LLC operates as an investment advisory firm.  The Company provides wealth management, insurance, financial planning, alternative investment management, and business consulting services.




Corporate Information
Address:

221 East 4th Street
Suite 2850
Cincinnati, OH 45202
United States


Phone:
1-513-655-5566


Fax:
1-513-655-5567


Web url:
www.formidableam.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Formidable Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Formidable Asset Management, LLC


Formidable Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 167555) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Cincinnati, OH.
They
manage $227,594,307 in 940 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 16 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Formidable Asset Management, LLC




221 E. 4th Street, Suite 2850,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202
513-655-5566
http://formidableam.com




http://formidableam.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

228
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

940
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$242,122







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, CO, DE, FL, IL, IN, KY, MA, NY, OH, OR, PA, TX, VA, WA






Financial Advisors at Formidable Asset Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Jason M. Barsema



CRD#:
5515197



30 N. Michigan Ave, Suite 2100,
Chicago,
IL
60602




90

Wealthminder
score








Jason Barsema (CRD# 5515197) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Formidable Asset Management, LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Benjamin M. Blemker



CRD#:
2706820



221 E. 4th Street, Suite 2850,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




83

Wealthminder
score








Benjamin Blemker (CRD# 2706820) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Formidable Asset Management, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Henry P. Brightwell



CRD#:
2526957



221 E 4th St, Suite 2850,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




83

Wealthminder
score








Henry Brightwell (CRD# 2526957) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Formidable Asset Management, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















William B. Brown



CRD#:
2382615



221 E. 4th Street, Suite 2850,
Cincinnati,
OH
45202




83

Wealthminder
score








William Brown (CRD# 2382615) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Formidable Asset Management, LLC in Cincinnati, OH and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















Formidable Asset Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Formidable Asset Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Formidable Asset Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


221 East, 4th Street, Suite 2850, Cincinnati, OH 45202-1194




Employees (Worldwide)


14




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Formidable Asset Management LLC is an American private company located in Cincinnati, OH. The firm provides investment advice. It was founded in 2013 by Benjamin McBurney Blemker and William Bush Brown. William Bush Brown has been the CEO since the company founding.




Website


http://www.formidableam.com/






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



William Bush Brown, III

Chief Executive Officer & Managing Partner




Benjamin McBurney Blemker, Jr.

Chief Operating Officer & Partner





Kevin Sean Woodard

Chief Compliance Officer




Krysten Ruskin

Director of Client Services





Xiangrui Kong

Research Associate




Tom Moore

Chief Information/Technology Officer







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Formidable Asset Management LLC



                        Formidable Asset Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Formidable Asset Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Formidable Asset Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
























FORMIDABLE ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






FORMIDABLE ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC






221 E. 4TH STREET, CINCINNATI,  Ohio, 45202, (513) 655-5566


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
200


New Positions
29


Increased Positions
94


Decreased Positions
90


Positions with Activity
184


Sold Out Positions
8


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
226



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
5.36%


Basic Materials
1.47%


Industrials
9.2%


Consumer Cyclicals
7.27%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
21.46%


Financials
23.61%


Healthcare
13.45%


Technology
15.86%


Telecommunication Services
0.56%


Utilities
0.46%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






200 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO
COM
33,052
-321
(0.96)
364,490


CHEMED CORP NEW
COM
18,299
451
2.53
90,834


APPLE INC
COM
13,241
-464
(3.39)
87,947


FACEBOOK INC
CL A
7,993
-256
(3.11)
46,899


EATON VANCE TAX ADVT DIV INCM
COM
6,820
-231
(3.28)
309,283


BANK AMER CORP
DEP SHS PFD EE
6,420
6,420
New
243,627


GENERAL ELECTRIC CO
COM
6,292
-202
(3.11)
243,954


EATON VANCE TAX MNGD GBL DV EQ
COM
6,232
391
6.70
671,571


STOCK YDS BANCORP INC
COM
4,129
509
14.07
113,757


EXXON MOBIL CORP
COM
3,879
154
4.14
47,995


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
3,639
141
4.04
49,735


LAS VEGAS SANDS CORP
COM
3,128
-88
(2.73)
50,227


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
1,979
473
31.41
8,004


INTEL CORP
COM
1,941
141
7.82
55,508


PEPSICO INC
COM
1,937
-18
(0.94)
16,510


CHEVRON CORP NEW
COM
1,856
30
1.63
17,488


GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP
COM
1,623
78
5.04
8,373


NIKE INC
CL B
1,611
459
39.82
27,706


MERCK & CO INC
COM
1,592
-62
(3.73)
25,002


US BANCORP DEL
COM NEW
1,564
-33
(2.05)
29,821




<< first< previous1234510next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            CGG: announces the approval of the draft safeguard plan by creditors' committees in France
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Assembly Biosciences Reports Inducement Grants under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4)
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FNCB Bancorp, Inc. Announces 10% Increase in Second Quarter 2017 Earnings and 43% Increase in 2017 
                        



	                     4:23PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P 500 dented by earnings; Dow hits record high
                        



	                     4:19PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started












































About Us – Formidable






























































 
 








Building A Financial Plan Tailored To You
A customized financial plan serves as the “how-to” for pursuing and achieving your goals. Our process gives us an orderly way to identify relevant strategies for moving forward and fully addressing your needs. Here are the basic steps that outline the process we use for building your financial plan.
Formidable Asset Management is a registered investment advisory company that offers wealth management, insurance, financial planning, Alternative Investment Management, and business consulting. We offer a wide range of investment services and custody and clear all our accounts through Raymond James Financial.
We have employed Raymond James to custody and clear our accounts. They are a service portion of our business and offer reporting and accounting for accounts held there. We are not relegated to use them exclusively and we do continue to expand our footprint using other vendors with the goal of achieving financial objectivity for our clients.
Formidable Financial Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Formidable Asset Management as well as an Ohio State licensed insurance agency offering life and health insurance products. Our services include index annuities, fixed annuities, life insurance, term life insurance, disability insurance, and long-term care insurance.
The Formidable Fund is a long short hedge fund that is run by the principals of Formidable Asset Management. It is designed to achieve absolute return and is actively managed through fundamental analysis, quantitative analysis, and probability analysis with the goal of achieving better than stock market-based performance.
Contact Us
Phone: 513.655.5566
 Toll Free: 855.850.6440
 Fax: 513.655.5567
221 East 4th Street
 Suite 2850
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
info@formidableam.com

   

 221 East Fourth Street, Suite 2850 | Cincinnati, OH 45202 | 513.655.5566 | Toll-Free: 855.850.6440 | Fax: 513.655.5567 | Map and Directions
Formidable Asset Management financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states and/or jurisdictions for which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state. Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site. Contact Formidable Asset Management at 513-655-5566  for information and availability.  © 2015 Formidable Asset Management, LLC.

 

























 



HOME
MARKET DATA
SERVICES

ASSET MANAGEMENT
FINANCIAL SERVICES
THE FUND
 CONSULTING SERVICES


ABOUT US

WHAT WE DO
WHO WE ARE
GIVING BACK


CONTACT
INVESTOR ACCESS


Scroll to top










About Us – Formidable






























































 
 








Building A Financial Plan Tailored To You
A customized financial plan serves as the “how-to” for pursuing and achieving your goals. Our process gives us an orderly way to identify relevant strategies for moving forward and fully addressing your needs. Here are the basic steps that outline the process we use for building your financial plan.
Formidable Asset Management is a registered investment advisory company that offers wealth management, insurance, financial planning, Alternative Investment Management, and business consulting. We offer a wide range of investment services and custody and clear all our accounts through Raymond James Financial.
We have employed Raymond James to custody and clear our accounts. They are a service portion of our business and offer reporting and accounting for accounts held there. We are not relegated to use them exclusively and we do continue to expand our footprint using other vendors with the goal of achieving financial objectivity for our clients.
Formidable Financial Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Formidable Asset Management as well as an Ohio State licensed insurance agency offering life and health insurance products. Our services include index annuities, fixed annuities, life insurance, term life insurance, disability insurance, and long-term care insurance.
The Formidable Fund is a long short hedge fund that is run by the principals of Formidable Asset Management. It is designed to achieve absolute return and is actively managed through fundamental analysis, quantitative analysis, and probability analysis with the goal of achieving better than stock market-based performance.
Contact Us
Phone: 513.655.5566
 Toll Free: 855.850.6440
 Fax: 513.655.5567
221 East 4th Street
 Suite 2850
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
info@formidableam.com

   

 221 East Fourth Street, Suite 2850 | Cincinnati, OH 45202 | 513.655.5566 | Toll-Free: 855.850.6440 | Fax: 513.655.5567 | Map and Directions
Formidable Asset Management financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states and/or jurisdictions for which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state. Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site. Contact Formidable Asset Management at 513-655-5566  for information and availability.  © 2015 Formidable Asset Management, LLC.

 

























 



HOME
MARKET DATA
SERVICES

ASSET MANAGEMENT
FINANCIAL SERVICES
THE FUND
 CONSULTING SERVICES


ABOUT US

WHAT WE DO
WHO WE ARE
GIVING BACK


CONTACT
INVESTOR ACCESS


Scroll to top










Asset Management – Formidable




































































 
 









Managing Your Assets, Insurance and Financial Planning Needs
Formidable Asset Management is a registered investment advisory company that offers wealth management, insurance, financial planning, Alternative Investment Management, and business consulting. We offer a wide range of investment services and custody and clear all our accounts through Raymond James Financial.
Asset Allocation does not ensure a profit or protect against loss.





Request More Information


Name*


First



Last

Email*

Message:*Information on:*ASSET MANAGEMENTFINANCIAL SERVICESTHE FUNDCONSULTING SERVICES

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

Contact Us
Phone: 513.655.5566
 Toll Free: 855.850.6440
 Fax: 513.655.5567
221 East 4th Street
 Suite 2850
 Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
info@formidableam.com

   

 221 East Fourth Street, Suite 2850 | Cincinnati, OH 45202 | 513.655.5566 | Toll-Free: 855.850.6440 | Fax: 513.655.5567 | Map and Directions
Formidable Asset Management financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states and/or jurisdictions for which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state. Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site. Contact Formidable Asset Management at 513-655-5566  for information and availability.  © 2015 Formidable Asset Management, LLC.

 

























 



HOME
MARKET DATA
SERVICES

ASSET MANAGEMENT
FINANCIAL SERVICES
THE FUND
 CONSULTING SERVICES


ABOUT US

WHAT WE DO
WHO WE ARE
GIVING BACK


CONTACT
INVESTOR ACCESS


Scroll to top



