

Founder Partners - Home


















































				Home
			



				About
			



				Track Record
			



				Team
			



				Case Studies
			





			Admovate
		





			Mixbook
		





			AddEvent
		





			Relevad
		







				Articles
			





			Why Bootstrappers Make the Best Entrepreneurs
		





			The Value of Working with Proven Serial Entrepreneurs
		





			The Founder Partners Approach
		





			How to Choose the Right Partner for Your Startup
		







				Contact
			











ARE YOU A TECHNICAL FOUNDER?
Our mission is to help technical founders unlock their true potential and dramatically increase the probability their company will succeed.


LEARN MORE
























​​The cold truth is that 90% of start-ups fail.*​​​But FounderPartners has an ​85%​ ​​success rate.**​​Do you have all the right elements in place to help your company up its odds?Do you have the right product/market fit?​Are your business model and distribution strategies in place?Can you raise capital quickly and on the right terms?​What about planning and navigating your exit?​We know how to do all that stuff, so you don't have to. That's why we started Founder Partners.  It's a new model of partnership and investing. And it gives founders a MUCH better chance to succeed.



* According to many sources (Business Insider, Forbes, Wall Street Journal), start-up success rates are estimated at 10%. ** Founder Partners has an 85% success rate. The Founder Partners team has co-founded and/or invested in 27 mobile, internet and software companies.  Of these, 23 have been successful, with 12 exits and the rest either already achieving profitability or else rapidly growing, so only 4 have failed.


Learn More About Our Track Record



















				Home
			



				About
			



				Track Record
			



				Team
			



				Case Studies
			





			Admovate
		





			Mixbook
		





			AddEvent
		





			Relevad
		







				Articles
			





			Why Bootstrappers Make the Best Entrepreneurs
		





			The Value of Working with Proven Serial Entrepreneurs
		





			The Founder Partners Approach
		





			How to Choose the Right Partner for Your Startup
		







				Contact
			





















✕















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC
List of persons related to the company Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001689466IRS Number: 814332488Company address: 420 SOUTH ORANGE AVENUE SUITE 950 ORLANDO 32801Phone number: 407-757-1511



People related to Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryEllis  Paul420 South Orange Avenue Suite 950OrlandoFLElam  Pryse420 South Orange Avenue Suite 950OrlandoFL




Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC on the Web
Related companiesFoundry - Fort Worth LLC, FOUNDRY DSM, LLC, FOUNDRY FUND LLC, Foundry Golf Club, Inc., Foundry Group Next, L.P., Foundry Group Select Fund, L.P., Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund, LP, Foundry Place, LLC, FOUNDRY VALUE FUND, LP, Foundry Value Offshore Fund, Ltd., Foundry Venture Capital 2010 Annex, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2010, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2012, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2016, L.P.












 











Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC - Commercial- Elam  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    420 South Orange Avenue Suite 950 
    Orlando, FL, 32801Phone: 407-757-1511 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Pryse Elam 
 Director, Executive 


 Paul Ellis 
 Director, Executive 












Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC  Funding details


Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001689466IRS Number: 814332488Address: 420 SOUTH ORANGE AVENUE SUITE 950 ORLANDO 32801Phone number: 407-757-1511



Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-15New Form D$2,800,000Yet To Sell$2,800,000$10,000006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC
Key People in Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC:

Pryse ElamPaul Ellis
Similar companiesFOUNDRY FUND LLC, Foundry Golf Club, Inc., Foundry Venture Capital 2010, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2012, L.P., Foundry Group Select Fund, L.P., Foundry Value Offshore Fund, Ltd., Foundry Venture Capital 2016, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2010 Annex, L.P., FOUNDRY VALUE FUND, LP, Foundry Group Next, L.P., Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund, LP, FOUNDRY DSM, LLC








Last visited companies: IMAGING3 INC, INREIT Properties, LLLP, Sterling Real Estate Trust, Impala ELS Fund LP, IndieFlix, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Foundry Place, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Foundry Place, LLC  Funding details


Foundry Place, LLC Industry: Other Real EstateCIK Number: 0001710552IRS Number: 384037508Address: C/O GL ROGERS & CO., INC., P.O. BOX 100  YORK HARBOR 03911Phone number: 207-791-1100



Foundry Place, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-07-06New Form D$11,700,000Yet To Sell$11,700,000$100,000006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Foundry Place, LLC
Key People in Foundry Place, LLC:

Kim RogersHolly MalloySally LearyAnia Rogers
Similar companiesFOUNDRY FUND LLC, Foundry Golf Club, Inc., Foundry Venture Capital 2010, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2012, L.P., Foundry Group Select Fund, L.P., Foundry Value Offshore Fund, Ltd., Foundry Venture Capital 2016, L.P., Foundry Venture Capital 2010 Annex, L.P., FOUNDRY VALUE FUND, LP, Foundry Group Next, L.P., Foundry Mezzanine Opportunity Fund, LP, Foundry Partners PTH I, LLC








Last visited companies: Beach Point SCF Multi-Port LP, Beach Point SCF Loan LP, Bentall Kennedy Management (U.S.) Limited Partnership, Best Friends Acquisition Corp., Birds of Prey, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Partners – SkyFoundry













SkyFoundry


SkySparkBlogCalendarCommunityMarketingPartnersContact






Login




Partners

SkySpark is available through a worldwide network of industry leading
reseller partners. Value Added Resellers (VARs) provide SkySpark software,
implementation services, training and support to end users. Value Added
Distributors (VADs) provide SkySpark and a full range of support services to
channels of VARs, systems integrators and contractors. SkySpark technology is
also used by a variety of OEMs in hardware and software products and
hosted SaaS offerings.

GlobalNorth AmericaEuropeAsia/PacificMiddle EastAfrica



Global


Bueno Systems
CBRE
Intellastar 


Connexx Energy
IBM
Rovisys Building Technologies, Inc.

North America
United States

ActiveLogix, LLC
BAS Services & Graphics, LLC.
Broudy Precision
Control Consultants Inc.
Controlco
Energy Systems Technologies
Lynxspring
Relevant Solutions 
The Panel Shoppe, LLC


ATS Automation
Abundant Power
Albireo Energy, LLC
Altura Associates
Ambient Energy
Ame Inc.
AtSite
BMI Energy
Climatec
Control Technologies Inc.
ETC Group
EcoVox, Inc.
Ecosave Automation, Inc.
Energenz Consulting Ltd.
FMC Technologies
Group14 Engineering Inc.
Iconergy
MKK Engineering
Onix Inc.
Piedmont Services Group
Seiberlich
Sieben Energy Associates
Talisen Technologies
The Tri-M Group
Voyant Solutions

Canada

Yorkland


AccuTemp
Airon HVAC and Control Ltd.
Stuart Olson
Sysconverge

Mexico

Applied Micro Electronic Technologies

Europe
United Kingdom/ireland

Forest Rock Systems Ltd


Crowley Carbon
Optimised Buildings

Spain

Sensitive Data (formerly ACF GreenHiT, SL)


SISTROL S.A.

Benelux

CimPro


Infinity Monitoring & Consulting

Turkey

AkBin

Switzerland

Leicom ITEC AG

Germany

Leicom ITEC AG

Austria

Leicom ITEC AG

France

GA-MM

Italy

Maetrics s.r.l.

Asia/Pacific
Australia

ConserveIT Australia PTY. LTD.


AG Coombs Group
Control & Electric PTY LTD
Ecosave Automation, Inc.
RCR Haden Pty Ltd
Ronin Control Systems

Singapore

ConserveIT Australia PTY. LTD.


ETC Group
Energenz Consulting Ltd.
Powersave Solutions Pte Ltd (T/A Teale Asia)

China

Shui Mu Energy Technology Co., Ltd.


ETC Group
Energenz Consulting Ltd.

New Zealand

ConserveIT Australia PTY. LTD.


Ecosave Automation, Inc.
RCR Haden Pty Ltd

South East Asia

Powersave Solutions Pte Ltd (T/A Teale Asia)

Middle East


Crowley Carbon
Optimised Buildings

Africa
Tunisia

GA-MM




SkySparkBlogTwitterMarketingPartnersContact

Copyright © 2009-2017, SkyFoundry, LLC







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














About Foundry – Foundry Partners

































































  














About Foundry


Home/About Foundry 








			About Foundry		


Design 


			2017-07-27T16:43:35+00:00		






 






 






Who We AreFounded in 2013, Foundry Partners is an independent, boutique asset management company that specializes in providing active management to the institutional investment community. With a collective focus and determination to build a world class asset management company, our founders purchased our growth and value teams from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management.
Our partners bring a history of working together, and wanted to build on that continuity and decades of experience. They felt the best way to serve clients and the marketplace going forward was a move to independence. With two autonomous investment teams, we are able to offer a diverse product offering, while still maintaining the unique boutique and independent atmosphere we believe in.




Company Overview

Assets (as of 6/30/17):
$3.27 Billion Total Assets
$2.56 Billion Discretionary
$707  Million Non-Disc.
Associates: 26
Principal Offices:

Minneapolis, MN
(company headquarters)
Cleveland, OH










 
 

 
 
 
 

















Client Centered – Foundry Partners

































































  














Client Centered


Home/Client Centered 








			Client Centered		


Design 


			2013-05-10T23:44:41+00:00		





 
CategoriesAnnouncements
Strategy News
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
















Our Investment Team – Foundry Partners


































































  














Our Investment Team


Home/Client Centered/Our Investment Team 








			Our Investment Team		


Design 


			2017-03-25T18:43:42+00:00		



Strong People Are The Footings To A Strong Foundation
It has been said “Behind every great product, service, or idea, are great people!” This statement definitely holds true at Foundry Partners. Although a newer company, our people have the continuity and experience you look for in an asset management company. Our partners bring 10 years of experience working together, and our two investment teams possess a combined average of 20+ years of experience. With this consistency, discipline, and experience in people and process, you can rest assured that with Foundry Partners you are working with true professionals.




Meet Our Value Team




Peter M. Klein, CFA*Director, Value StrategiesPeter M. Klein is the Managing Director of Value Strategies and the lead Portfolio Manager of the All Cap Value Strategy for Foundry Partners. Peter has 36 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). He was with FTAM from 2001-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to his time with FTAM, he served as Portfolio Manager with Gelfand/Maxus Asset Management which was acquired by Fifth Third Bank in 2001. In this capacity, he was actively involved in the investment management of individual and institutional portfolios.
Mr. Klein graduated magna cum laude from John Carroll University with a B.A. in Philosophy, and earned his M.B.A from Cleveland State University. He is a CFA charterholder and member of the CFA Society of Cleveland.





Mary Jane Matts, CFA*Portfolio ManagerMary Jane Matts is the lead Portfolio Manager of the Large Cap Value Strategy for Foundry Partners. Mary Jane has 28 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). She was with FTAM from 2005-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to her time with FTAM, she served in various investment management capacities at National City beginning in 1995, including leading the Value Equity Team for National City’s institutional asset management group and serving as Director of Research for National City Wealth Management. Prior to that, she was the Director of Research at Society Asset Management Inc. (now known as Victory Capital Management).
Ms. Matts earned a B.A. in Economics, conferred with Honors with Distinction, from Kenyon College, and earned her M.B.A. from Case Western Reserve University. She is a CFA charterholder and member of the CFA Society of Cleveland.





Ted Y. Moore, CFA*Portfolio ManagerTed Y. Moore is a Portfolio Manager on the Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Ted has 18 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). He was with FTAM from 2006-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to FTAM, he was an Equity Research Analyst for National City Private Client Group, and earlier, Morgan Keegan & Co.
Mr. Moore graduated from Williams College with a B.A. in History, and earned his M.B.A. in Finance from Indiana University. He is a CFA charterholder and member of the CFA Society of Cleveland.





Eric J. Holmes, CFA*Portfolio ManagerEric J. Holmes is the lead Portfolio Manager of the Small and Micro Cap Value Strategies for Foundry Partners. Eric has 21 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). He was with FTAM from 2003-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to his time at FTAM, he was a Director for Victory Capital Management on the Large Cap Value product, covering the Insurance and miscellaneous Consumer Cyclicals industries. He also spent 5 years with Manning & Napier Advisors as a Research Analyst for the Small Cap Value and Large Cap Value products.
Mr. Holmes graduated summa cum laude from the State University of New York at Geneseo with a B.A. in Economics, and earned a M.B.A. in Finance from the Rochester Institute of Technology. He is a CFA charterholder and member of the CFA Society of Cleveland.





Craig P. Nedbalski, CFA*Portfolio ManagerCraig P. Nedbalski is a Portfolio Manager on the Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Craig has 20 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). He was with FTAM from 2005-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to FTAM, Mr. Nedbalski was with Victory Capital Management where he was a Managing Director, providing stock research and analysis with a focus on the Telecommunications, Media, Consumer Discretionary, and Technology sectors.
Mr. Nedbalski graduated from Cleveland State University with a B.B.A. in Finance, and earned his M.B.A. from Baldwin-Wallace College. He is a CFA charterholder and member of the CFA Society of Cleveland.





Michael K. Barr, CFA*Portfolio ManagerMichael Barr is a Portfolio Manager on the Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Michael has 28 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). He was with FTAM from 2011-Jan 31, 2013 in a similar capacity. Prior to his time at FTAM, he was with Victory Capital Management since 1998, where he was a Managing Director – Equity Analyst, providing stock research and analysis with a focus on Healthcare, Consumer Staples, Cyclicals, and Basic Industries throughout his tenure.
Mr. Barr graduated from the University of Missouri with a B.S.B.A. in Finance. He is a CFA charterholder.




Meet Our Fundamental Value Team




Mark Roach*Managing Director, Portfolio ManagerMark Roach is the Lead Portfolio Manager on the Fundamental Small Cap and Fundamental Mid Cap Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Mark has 24 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Dreman Value Management (DVM) in June of 2016. He was with DVM from late 2006-June 20, 2016 in a similar capacity. Prior to joining DVM, Mr. Roach was a Portfolio Manager at Vaughan Nelson Investment Management, managing a small cap product from 2002 through 2006. Mr. Roach has significant experience in working with institutions, pensions and endowments and is well known in the consulting and high net worth community. Mr. Roach served as a security\ analyst from 1994 to 2001 for various institutions including Fifth Third Bank, Lynch, Jones & Ryan and USAA.
Mr. Roach graduated from Baldwin Wallace College with a B.A. in Business, and earned a M.B.A. from the University of Chicago’s Graduate School. In addition, Mr. Roach is a former board member on the Rice University Wright Fund.





Mario Tufano, CFA*Portfolio ManagerMario Tufano is a Portfolio Manager on the Fundamental Small Cap and Fundamental Mid Cap Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Mario has 14 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Dreman Value Management (DVM) in June of 2016. He joined DVM in 2007 as a Senior Securities Analyst and was promoted to Associate Portfolio Manager in 2010. He is responsible for research of new investment ideas as well as current portfolio holdings for the firm’s Small and Mid Cap Value products. Prior to joining the firm, he was an Associate Director and Equity Analyst at UBS Investment Bank covering the Consumer Staples and Discretionary sectors.
Mr. Tufano graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a B.S. in Finance. He is a CFA charterholder and is a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts (NYSSA).





David Greenberg*Senior TraderDavid Greenberg is a Senior Trader for the Fundamental Small Cap and Fundamental Mid Cap Value Strategies team for Foundry Partners. David has 24 years of industry experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Dreman Value Management (DVM) in June of 2016. He was with DVM from late 2008-June 20, 2016 in a similar capacity. While at DVM, Mr. Greenberg was responsible for overseeing all trading functions for the firm and was the primary person in charge of trading for all the strategies.
Prior to joining DVM, Mr. Greenberg was the Vice President of Trading at Wintergreen Advisers LLC., where he was responsible for executing global equity trades including foreign currencies exchanges in the United States, Europe and Asia. Previous to that, Mr. Greenberg worked as a Senior Trader for Franklin Mutual Advisors from 1997 through 2006, in addition to holding positions at Forstmann-Leff Associates and Gibraltar Advisors/Prudential Securities where he gained experience trading equities, government bonds, commodities and foreign currencies.
Mr. Greenberg received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Clark University with a concentration in Finance.




Meet Our Growth Team




Mark Demos, CFA*Portfolio ManagerMark Demos is a Portfolio Manager on the Growth Strategies team for Foundry Partners. Mark has 17 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transition from ClearArc Capital, formerly Fifth Third Asset Management (FTAM). From 1999 to 2006, he served as an Equity Analyst for FTAM and previously served as an Analyst for the Ohio Company. He has been a Portfolio Manager on the Growth Strategies team since 2007.
Mr. Demos graduated with honors from Lee University with a B.S. in Business Administration. He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the CFA society of Minnesota.





Robert Drobinski*Portfolio ManagerRobert Drobinski is the Lead Portfolio Manager on the Alpha Small Cap Growth team for Foundry Partners. Robert has 21 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Arbor Capital Management (Arbor) in September of 2016. He was with Arbor from 2006 – Sept. 2016 in a similar capacity. Prior to joining Arbor, Mr. Drobinski was an Associate Portfolio Manager at Thrivent Financial for Lutherans from 2001 through 2006. Mr. Drobinski has significant experience in working with institutional, corporate pension and endowment plans. Mr. Drobinski served as a research analyst from 1996 to 2001 for Wessels, Arnold & Henderson and later U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
Mr. Drobinski graduated Summa Cum Laude from Concordia College with a B.A. in Economics and Psychology, and earned his M.B.A. as a Beta Gamma Sigma graduate from the University of Minnesota’s Carlson School of Management.





Jared LewisPortfolio ManagerJared Lewis is a Portfolio Manager on the Alpha Small Cap Growth team for Foundry Partners. Jared has 21 years of experience and has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Arbor Capital Management (Arbor) in September of 2016. He was with Arbor from 2015 – Sept. 2016 as an Analyst. Prior to joining Arbor, Mr. Lewis was Senior Research Analyst at Northland Securities from 2012 through 2014 and an Equity Analyst for White Pine Capital from 2008 through 2012. Mr. Lewis served as a PM or Analyst from 1997 to 2008 for both Long Only and Hedge Funds.
Mr. Lewis graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a B.A. in Chemistry, and earned his M.B.A. from the University of Minnesota’s Carlson School of Management.





Christopher Feulner, CFAPortfolio ManagerChristopher Feulner is a Portfolio Manager on the Alpha Small Cap Growth team for Foundry Partners. Christopher has 25 years of experience at investment firms with 13 years direct investment experience. Mr. Feulner has been with Foundry Partners since the company’s transaction with Arbor Capital Management (Arbor) in September of 2016. He was with Arbor from 1999 – Sept. 2016 as an Analyst (along with operations/compliance duties). Prior to joining Arbor, Mr. Feulner was the Network Operations Manager and Senior Applications developer at Investment Advisors Inc. and Reliastar Investment Research.
Mr. Feulner graduated from Purdue University with a B.S. in Computer Science, and earned his M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota. He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the CFA society of Minnesota.




* Designates Partner






 
 

 
 
 
 











