










Founder Collective

Founder Collective













































Our mission is to be the most aligned fund for Founders at the seed stage.
As we've pursued this goal we've been fortunate to back hundreds of startups.















































































Meet the entire collective










Here’s What We Believe






1
We have great empathy for founders. We’ve been there.

Second generation pharmacist TJ Parker, and his co-founder Elliot Cohen, had a compelling vision of a robot-powered pharmacy. Disrupting an oligopoly isn’t for the faint of heart and we proudly invested the first capital into PillPack. We've been empathic supporters ever since.




















2
Great startups practice efficient entrepreneurship

We believe entrepreneurs should try to raise as little money as possible to accelerate their businesses, while preserving ownership. Startups don’t have to raise billions to be worth billions—a point proven by The Trade Desk which raised just $22.5M in VC before earning a billion dollar IPO.






3
The future belongs to the weird & wonderful

Founder Collective is deliberately anti-thematic. We don’t have a VR thesis, but when Kuvee showed us the future of wine, we couldn’t resist. Visionary founders have shown us that the weird use cases of today can become the hot themes of tomorrow. 




















4
Staged Capital - The Right Amount for the Right Stage

Our seed funding enabled Dia&Co to expand beyond a Bushwick warehouse -- then when sales exploded, we helped the founders think through scale and build out their team with top talent.










We’re our own biggest investors
Our mission is to be the most aligned fund for founders at the seed stage. Everyone on the investment team has started a company and understand the ups and downs of entrepreneurship.












David Frankel
Managing Partner

















Eric Paley
Managing Partner

















Micah Rosenbloom
Managing Partner













Read more about our latest fund










Ideas










VC is a Hell of a Drug

Eric Paley | TechCrunch










Startups need to respect the laws of retail physics

Micah Rosenbloom | TechCrunch










Density is Destiny

David Frankel | Medium













Get inside our heads















































Our Investment in Founder Collective | Foundry Group


















































Foundry Group








Our Investment in Founder Collective

 By Lindel Eakman on March 24, 2017 


We recently shared our thinking on fund investing with our post, “What does a Foundry Group Next fund investment look like?” We noted that we are largely driven by people and ecosystem. We want to continue laying out our thinking by talking about each of our fund investments. We’ll start with our most recent fund investment, Founder Collective, and walk backwards to catch up on what was a very active first year of investing for Foundry Group Next.
Our recent investment in Founder Collective III, L.P. is a good example of our ecosystem thesis at work. We previously worked with the Founder Collective (“FC”) partners, David Frankel, Eric Paley, and Micah Rosenbloom through shared company and fund investments. We co-invested with them in MakerBot, Pantheon, and Formlabs, with many other shared opportunities along the way. It was easy for us to get excited about FC’s prior portfolio and fund performance. They have a number of high-profile company investments and, importantly, they are one of the few seed funds to have shipped home large boxes of cash in addition to strong valuation mark-ups in their portfolio. We also got excited about their fund discipline and investor alignment, choosing to stay the same size and take more of the fund themselves. I have to think that most LPs are ready to invest at that point!
It’s FC’s partnership dynamics, however, that get us really excited. They have strong internal dynamics that limit the noise and encourage debate to reach thoughtful decisions. Their history together as founders and investors makes it clear that they deeply care about each other. It is those deep bonds and relationships that allow for the space needed to make good decisions across the portfolio. Brad’s post, Kindred Spirits – Our Investment In Founder Collective, does a nice job of laying out our shared values and goes into detail as to why we felt such a strong motivation to partner with them. These are clearly our kind of people.
The FC strategy also shows that they deeply align themselves with, and identify internally, as founders. The personal feedback we got from their portfolio founders was strong and their local ecosystem players noted support for their involvement as preferred investors.
We also knew FC had a great investor base and we would be lucky to get a chance to join that group in this new fund. It was only because of shared relationships (and some embarrassing cajoling) that we were able to become the only new LP in their new fund. We are excited to formally partner with the FC team and look forward to finding more great entrepreneurs to back alongside them.
















Jul 17
Our Investment In Impact Health

 

Jul 07
Our Investment in Misty Robotics

 

Jun 26
Our Zero Tolerance Policy On Sexual Harassment

 

Jun 12
Our Investment in HelloSign

 

Apr 19
Introducing Our New Partner - Chris Moody

 

Mar 24
Our Investment in Founder Collective

 

Mar 21
Our Investment in Looking Glass

 

Mar 09
Our Investment in Chowbotics

  





















































 










Kindred Spirits - Our Investment In Founder Collective - Feld Thoughts




















































































 

















Press enter to search
 

Archive
Marathons
Books
About
Legal
 
Back to Top





March 24, 2017
Kindred Spirits – Our Investment In Founder Collective



Foundry Group is best known for our investments in startups, but our vehicle currently investing in other venture funds, Foundry Group Next, is off to what we believe to be a great start and I wanted to share an update about it by talking about our new investment in a fund managed by Founder Collective.
I’ve written previously about why we created Foundry Group Next. We have been personally investing as LPs in funds of other managers for decades and found the activity to be emotionally rewarding. When we decided we wanted to expand and formalize that activity, it gave us a chance to work more closely with Lindel Eakman, who was the largest investor in our first fund through his role at UTIMCO. Lindel joined Foundry Group as a partner to lead the fund investing activity of Foundry Group Next.
We’ve made about a dozen investments in funds including funds offered by Union Square Ventures, True Ventures, and Forerunner Ventures. One of our recent investments, offered by Founder Collective (FC) – an eight-year-old manager with offices in Boston and San Francisco – is an excellent example of what we look for when we invest in funds offered by other managers.
It starts with the people. We don’t invest in managers unless we can picture working with them for decades. We’ve had the opportunity to work with Founder Collective’s partners – David Frankel, Eric Paley, and Micah Rosenbloom – over the years on several companies. We also know many of the entrepreneurs in their portfolio. From those founders, we are aware that FC takes their mission “to be the most aligned fund to founders at the seed stage” very seriously.
We aren’t a generational firm, but investing in other VC funds gives us the benefit of working with managers who challenge and enhance our thinking while sharing the lessons we’ve learned with other investors. We want to work with people who bring a focused and complementary perspective to investing and were interested in the Founder Collective mantra of being “stage-focused and sector agnostic.”
This means FC avoids trends and relentlessly questions entrepreneurs about how their product enables specific use cases and market opportunities. This approach has paid off and helped the team to identify hot sectors well outside of the current hype cycle. If you look at the Founder Collective portfolio, you’ll see many well-recognized companies that they invested in at the very first round. In general, these investments were rarely competitive at the time of their first financing.
“Founder friendly” is an overused term, but there is a big difference between marketing this as a concept and living it every day. The team at FC has structurally designed their firm around alignment to founders. They’re a rare venture fund that doesn’t exercise pro-rata rights over the lifetime of an investment, meaning they dilute alongside company founders, which they believe better aligns their interests as seed investors with the entrepreneurs.
At a time where funds are aggressively deploying capital and not considering the downsides for founders, FC is actively promoting the value of efficient entrepreneurship and helping founders maximize their outcomes and optionality. Not only are the downsides of overcapitalization problematic for founders, but FC also examined overcapitalization in upside scenarios by studying the data from the last five years of tech IPOs. The findings were surprising in that the amount of money a company raised and its success in the public markets were not positively correlated. In fact, the companies that raised less money out-performed the most funded over time. Needless to say, having investors that keep this balance in mind can be precious to founders.
It’s one thing to have a unique perspective; it’s another to generate returns with it. As an LP, I’ve had the good fortune to be an investor in many funds, including some exceptional ones. Before diving into diligence, we had a sense that Founder Collective had strong performance based on their portfolio. When we saw their financial track record, we realized how special the performance was.
We know many firms that build portfolios with great logos by buying into companies at later stages and higher valuations. FC’s portfolio is made up exclusively of seed stage investments at seed valuations.
These aren’t just paper gains – they have already returned a meaningful amount of cash to their investors. Founder Collective’s first fund has the potential to be enshrined in the annals of VC history. Their second fund is tracking ahead of the first at the same point in development.
Needless to say, we had many reasons to hope to be part of their third fund. The only problem was they didn’t have any room. We found out they were oversubscribed just from their existing Fund II investors – that’s without pitching any new LPs. But they didn’t take advantage of that demand. Instead, they stuck to their principles and kept their fund size the same as their previous fund.
We love seeing that strategy discipline as we believe it is the mark of good fund managers. When Union Square Ventures’ 2004 fund was on fire, Fred and Brad raised their next fund at the same size. This has also been our approach at Foundry Group.
In the case of Founder Collective, the partners effectively shrunk their fund regarding outside capital by increasing their personal financial commitment to their fund. This investment generates additional evidence that they are confident in their strategy while creating more alignment with their LPs.
As a GP I applauded the approach and accepted that as an LP we had to beg and plead our way into to the fund. All the same, we were honored that Foundry Group Next was the only new investor in Founder Collective III due to our long and trusted relationship.
By virtue of time and focus, we can only help so many startups, but we’re proud to be investors in funds like Founder Collective, which is deeply committed to helping enrich the startup ecosystem. We are delighted to be working alongside them and finding other managers of their caliber going forward.



  Also published on Medium.  











Darius V



Congrats! Not asking for pro rata nicely aligns investors and founders, also solid point about keeping financially responsible and not being addicted to outside capital for all growth for founders.






Mario Cantin



“I applauded the approach and accepted that as an LP we had to beg and plead our way into to the fund.”
How did they make room for FG Next then? I assume they kept the fund size the same, so did they put in less of their own capital into the new fund, or did they leave out one or more of their Fund 2 LPs?
Also, what do you fundamentally think of their “cultural” decision to forego pro rata? Do you think it is a strategy that works for them as an aberration, or do you think the approach should gain momentum as a new “movement” for a new generation of VCs in the future? 






bfeld



They put more of their personal capital in the fund. They cut back a few other LPs to make room for us.
I love their view on pro-rata. It’s how I’ve always approached my angel investing. I don’t think it’s a new “movement”, rather it’s one of the strategic approaches. See #2 (have a financial strategy) in https://feld.com/archives/2010/06/suggestions-for-angel-investors.html






Mario Cantin



I was asking because, until now, I had only heard either David Frankel or Eric Paley mention in a podcast that Founders Collective doesn’t believe in pro rata, while everyone else in VC, from what I hear — not angel — “has” to take pro rata, it seems, as one of the tools with which to make their funds perform. And so I was wondering whether this could become a trend; but I’ll guess that once you reach Series A, you have to take pro rata, and so this founder alignment philosophy could only realistically work for angel, pre-seed and seed, until fund economics dictate otherwise for the larger rounds. Am I close?






bfeld



The assumption (or assertion) that “everyone has to take pro-rata” isn’t correct. In recent years, it’s become all the rage again, but there are different strategies around it. The key thing is to be clear on your strategy.






Mario Cantin



Thank you. If the occasion presents itself when you are being interviewed in the future — or when you write on your blog — to elaborate on this, well know that there is at least one person interested to know more: me; and perhaps there are others. When I hear Fred Wilson’s stance on this point, just to name one individual, well, good luck on taking pro rata away from him, that’s all I can say. It’s an incessant barrage of “I wish we could have double-down on Uber or Twitter”, etc. I continually hear or read about. I’ve been following you and others for years now, and I can’t recall the alternatives being discussed. It’s an interesting topic.






bfeld



Yeah – probably worth me writing more about it again …














Scott Lobo



dont understand this site
https://www.90secondloans.com















  Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ 




















 


Founder Collective III, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Founder Collective III, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Founder Collective III, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Founder Collective III, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001690664Company address: 1 MIFFLIN PLACE SUITE 300  CAMBRIDGE 02138Phone number: (617) 453-2250



People related to Founder Collective III, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryFrankel  Davidc/o Founder Collective III, L.P. 1 Mifflin Place, Suite 300CambridgeMAPaley  Ericc/o Founder Collective III, L.P. 1 Mifflin Place, Suite 300CambridgeMARosenbloom  Micahc/o Founder Collective III, L.P. 1 Mifflin Place, Suite 300CambridgeMA




Founder Collective III, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesFounder Collective Partners III, L.P., Founder Collective, L.P., Founder Equity Fund I, LLC, FOUNDER HOUSE, INC., Founder's Chair Inc., Founder's Co-Op II, LLC, FounderMade LLC, FOUNDERS 70, LLC, Founders Advantage Capital Corp., Founders Bancorp, FOUNDERS CIRCLE CAPITAL I (WR), L.P., FOUNDERS CIRCLE CAPITAL I AFFILIATES FUND, L.P., FOUNDERS CIRCLE CAPITAL I OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P., FOUNDERS CIRCLE CAPITAL I, L.P., FOUNDERS CIRCLE CAPITAL II AFFILIATES FUND, L.P.












 











Founder Collective III, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Frankel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Founder Collective III, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1 Mifflin Place, Suite 300  
    Cambridge, MA, 02138Phone: (617) 453-2250 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-30


New


$75,000,000


$75,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Frankel 
 Executive 


 Eric Paley 
 Executive 


 Micah Rosenbloom 
 Executive 












Jon Karlen: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:01 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Astral Capital



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jon   Karlen  Founder, Astral CapitalAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships----
Background

		Mr. Jon Karlen serves as a Founder at Astral Capital. Mr. Karlen was Partner at Atlas Venture L.P. since joining in May 1, 2014. Mr. Karlen is a part of the technology group and focuses on start up investments in software and online services. He served as Partner at Accomplice, LLC. He was General Partner at Flybridge Capital Partners from 2007 to March 2014. He joined the Flybridge Capital Partners in October 2005 as a Principal. He also spent time as an Associate at ... Greylock and an Equity Research Associate at Montgomery Securities Limited. He served as a General Partner of Flybridge Capital Partners until March 2014. He began his career at Greylock where as an EIR. His investment interests and experience includes enterprise software, wireless, online services, consumer-focused products, and energy technology. Prior to joining Flybridge Capital Partners, he served as the Director of Product Marketing at OATSystems, Inc, he joined OATSysytems in October 2005 following a successful Entrepreneur-in-Residence position at Greylock Partners. He served as an Executive at NTRU Cryptosystems, Inc. During his tenure at NTRU, he served as a General Manager at the RFID and Smart Card Group and a Director of Product Management. He serves as a Director at Robin, PillPack, Inc. and Kinvey. He served as Director of Sample6, Inc. He serves as a Director at The Citrix XenClient Enterprise Group. He serves as a Directors at Pitzi, Ltd., Fashion Project, and Open English LLC(also known as FoxyP2 Inc). He serves as a Director of GuildCafe, Digital Lumens, Open English and a LED company. He has been a Director of 33Across Inc. since January 2011. He has been Director of CustomMade, EnglishCentral , Restorando S.A. since August 2013. He is also on the Board of SquashBusters. He served a Director at Zing Systems, Inc. and GuildCafe. He served as a Director of Virtual Computer, Inc. He served as a Director at gamerDNA, Inc., ZING Systems, Inc and EKA Systems, Inc. He is a frequent contributor and advisor at local incubators, and founded the University Research and Entrepreneurship Symposium. While at Harvard, he was a four-year member of the national championship squash team, in 1994 he served as the team Co-Captain, earned individual All America Honors, and was ranked the third amateur in U.S. and serves on the Board of The New England Clean Energy Council. Mr. Karlen holds an M.B.A. from Stanford University Graduate School of Business and A.B. in Philosophy from Harvard University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
--Boston, Massachusetts --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorOpen English LLCDirectorPillPack, Inc.Member of the Board of the DirectorsPitzi, Ltd.2011-PresentDirector33Across Inc.2013-PresentDirectorRestorando S.A.
Education
BA Harvard UniversityMBA Stanford Graduate School of Business
Other Affiliations
Atlas Venture L.P.NTRU Cryptosystems, Inc.Harvard UniversityMontgomery Securities LimitedStanford Graduate School of BusinessOATSystems, Inc.Flybridge Capital PartnersZing Systems, Inc.Eka Systems, Inc.gamerDNA, Inc.Flybridge Capital Partners III, L.PVirtual Computer, Inc.33Across Inc.Open English LLCRestorando S.A.Sample6, Inc.PillPack, Inc.Pitzi, Ltd.Greylock PartnersAccomplice Fund I, L.P.Accomplice, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Astral Capital, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 


Announcing Founder Collective III – Hacker NoonFollowSign in / Sign upFounder CollectiveBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingThe most aligned VC for founders at seed #ProudInvestor in @Uber, @TheTradeDeskinc, @MakerBot, @Buzzfeed, @Cruise, @Diaandco, @PillPack, @SeatGeek, @IntegralAdsNov 30, 2016Announcing Founder Collective IIIToday, we’re proud to announce the close of our third fund with $75M in aggregate capital commitments. This new fund, is the same aggregate size as Founder Collective II* and will allow us to continue our mission to build the most aligned fund for founders at the seed stage. Sticking to your knitting can sometimes seem boring, but we continue the same ethos we’ve practiced from day one — make founder alignment our highest priority, stay small, and love the weird and wonderful.We start and end with alignment and empathyFounder Collective is predicated on the idea that “peer-to-peer investment” has huge benefits for entrepreneurs. Everyone at Founder Collective has started a company. We’ve been through the good: the fundraising, the product launches, the team building; and the bad: the layoffs, the stress, and the loneliness. We’re here to be partners, friends, and sounding boards — as well as provide capital.We are not a life cycle investor. We invest between $200K and $2M at the seed stage and typically write a single support check in the Series A. These investments aren’t options on future funding rounds. We don’t buy options, so that our founders can have more of them. By diluting alongside our founders, they know that we have the same interests as them when making future financing decisions.Venture capital should be a tool, not a drugWe’re proud of how things have unfolded since we started Founder Collective in the midst of the Great Recession of 2009. Our first two funds have outperformed our high expectations thanks to an amazing group of portfolio companies.Our investors were eager to put more capital to work and encouraged us to raise a larger fund, but we purposefully chose to keep Founder Collective III the same size as Founder Collective II because we aspire to practice efficient entrepreneurship. We don’t believe we can maintain our alignment with founders and manage a larger fund with greater pressure to deploy capital.More capital doesn’t make entrepreneurs any more clever, too much money can hurt a business as our recent study of 71 recent tech IPOs shows, and we believe the same goes for seed investors. More ramen and less steak for us too.We love the weird and wonderfulFounder Collective remains proudly anti-thematic. We are stage-focused, and sector agnostic. Historically, this has led us to invest in a broad range of industries from ad tech to autonomous vehicles. Instant coffee and consignment sales. Pill delivery as well as plus-size fashion. Ridesharing and real-time web development. Concert tickets and code schools. We look for exceptional founders who inspire us and articulate compelling use cases. The weird use cases of today become the hot themes of tomorrow.We’re our own biggest investorsA classic complaint of investors in venture funds comes from VCs acting more as agents than as principals. In most venture funds the VCs themselves represent a tiny amount of the capital in the fund and are at risk of acting like money managers. We are principals. We, the Partners, are the biggest investors in Founder Collective III, and as such are structurally positioned to behave differently from the typical VC. That’s it. To the best of our knowledge, this is unique in the venture industry.As we’ve done since the start of FC in 2009, the full-time investment team is proudly joined by a collection of Founder Partners. SeatGeek’s Jack Groetzinger, Firebase’s James Tamplin, Bloomreach’s Raj De Datta, Caterina Fake of Flickr and Hunch, and Zach Klein of DIY and Vimeo provide an invaluable perspective and keep our team grounded in what it takes to build a great company as they practice their craft as founders every day.If you’re working on something that will change the world, in ways large or small, please reach out to us at Contact@FounderCollective.com and follow us on Twitter at @fcollective.P.S. Check out our new website, designed by our portfolio company B12!|* For clarity and legal consistency, each fund has ~$75M in aggregate capital commitments and is comprised of a main fund and a parallel fund.Hacker Noon is how hackers start their afternoons. We’re a part of the @AMI family. We are now accepting submissions and happy to discuss advertising & sponsorship opportunities.If you enjoyed this story, we recommend reading our latest tech stories and trending tech stories. Until next time, don’t take the realities of the world for granted!Share158Never miss a story from Hacker Noon, when you sign up for Medium. Learn moreNever miss a story from Hacker NoonGet updatesGet updates