FOUROAKSFINCORPINC.COMUnited Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger AgreementHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 53 minsS&P 5002,470.08-2.46 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,534.01-46.06 (-0.21%)Nasdaq6,399.99+12.23 (+0.19%)Stocks to WatchWebMD soars on buyout, Blue Apron surges, Hasbro slidesUnited Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger AgreementGlobeNewswire•June 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareExpands franchise footprint into the attractive Raleigh, NC MSAPartnership with 105-year-old community bank with significant operations in North Carolina’s fastest-growing MSA; consistent with United growth strategyStrategically and financially attractive combinationBLAIRSVILLE, Ga. and FOUR OAKS, N.C., June 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) (“United”) and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. (FOFN) (“Four Oaks”) announced today a definitive agreement for United to acquire Four Oaks and its wholly owned bank subsidiary, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company (“Four Oaks Bank”), in a stock and cash transaction. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of each company and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2017.Four Oaks Bank operates 14 banking offices, 12 of which are located in the Raleigh, North Carolina metropolitan statistical area, including loan production offices in Raleigh and Apex. Two additional banking offices are located in the eastern North Carolina locations of Dunn and Wallace. The merger will expand United’s presence in these fast-growing markets and allow it to offer its expanded product line to Four Oaks Bank’s customers.Under the terms of the agreement, Four Oaks shareholders will receive merger consideration consisting of approximately 90 percent stock, with a fixed exchange ratio of .6178 shares of United common stock and 10 percent cash or $1.90 for each share of Four Oaks. The transaction is currently valued at approximately $124 million based on United’s closing price of $26.48 per share on June 23, 2017. The transaction is expected to be less than 1 percent dilutive to United’s tangible book value per share, including one-time transaction costs; and 2 percent – or $.04 per share – accretive to United’s fully diluted earnings per share for 2018, excluding one-time transaction costs. “This transaction is yet another example of our growth strategy into new, fast-growing markets,” said Jimmy Tallent, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United. “Four Oaks provides a strong customer base and an excellent springboard for additional growth in metropolitan Raleigh. It will also greatly assist us in attracting strong, in-market bankers to grow in this new market area for United. With a number of merger transactions taking place across North Carolina, and in the Raleigh MSA in particular, we are confident in the opportunities such market disruption will offer. Our intent is to further expand our presence in Raleigh-area communities while creating value for shareholders and customers of both organizations.”Tallent continued, “We are especially pleased to join forces with a 105-year-old, highly respected community bank with a tremendous core deposit and customer base. Four Oaks’ commitment to outstanding customer and community service is well aligned with our own, making this a great cultural fit. The combined franchise will be well positioned for growth and success and we will be focused on investing in additional lending resources to take advantage of this great opportunity.”“We are very excited to join the United Community Bank team,” said Chief Executive Officer David Rupp. “Four Oaks shareholders will be rewarded through the superior financial performance of United and Four Oaks customers will find that they share our focus on outstanding personalized service. Together, we will leverage the new resources and products available through United Community Bank to expand relationships and continue to grow in North Carolina.”Four Oaks Bank will merge into United’s bank subsidiary and will operate under the United Community Bank brand. At March 31, 2017, Four Oaks Bank had $737 million in assets, including $513 million in loans, and $560 million in deposits, of which nearly two-thirds are considered core deposits.“The transaction with Four Oaks is a success for customers, employees and shareholders of both organizations and ultimately our combined company,” said United President and Chief Operating Officer Lynn Harton. “I am originally from North Carolina and spent a good part of my early career in eastern NC and Raleigh. We are excited to have this opportunity to build upon the Four Oaks team and their legacy of community focus and excellent customer service.”Completion of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals and the approval of Four Oaks’ shareholders.Banks Street Partners, LLC acted as financial advisor to United, and Troutman Sanders LLP served as its legal advisor. Sandler O’Neill + Partners, LP served as Four Oaks’ financial advisor, and Smith, Anderson, Blount, Dorsett, Mitchell & Jernigan, LLP served as its legal advisor. Read MoreAbout United Community Banks, Inc.United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) is a registered bank holding company based in Blairsville, Georgia with $10.7 billion in assets. The company’s banking subsidiary, United Community Bank, is one of the southeast region’s largest full-service banks, operating 134 offices in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. The bank specializes in providing personalized community banking services to individuals, small businesses and corporations. Services include a full range of consumer and commercial banking products including mortgage, advisory and treasury management. Respected national research firms consistently recognize United Community Bank for outstanding customer service: In 2014, 2015 and 2016, J.D. Power ranked United Community Bank first in customer satisfaction in the Southeast. In 2017, for the fourth consecutive year, Forbes included United on its list of the top 100 Best Banks in America. Additional information about the company and the bank’s full range of products and services can be found at www.ucbi.com.About Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.With $736.7 million in total assets as of March 31, 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company, offers a broad range of financial services through its fourteen offices in Four Oaks, Clayton, Smithfield, Garner, Benson, Fuquay-Varina, Wallace, Holly Springs, Zebulon, Dunn, Raleigh (LPO) and Apex (LPO), North Carolina. Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. trades through its market makers under the symbol of FOFN.Caution About Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains forward-looking statements, as defined by federal securities laws, including statements about United’s financial outlook and business environment. These statements are based on current expectations and are provided to assist in the understanding of future financial performance. Such performance involves risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such statements. For a discussion of some of the risks and other factors that may cause such forward-looking statements to differ materially from actual results, please refer to United’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) including its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the sections entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and United undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements.Additional Information and Where to Find ItInvestors and security holders are urged to carefully review and consider each of United’s and Four Oak’s public filings with the SEC, including but not limited to their Annual Reports on Form 10-K, their proxy statements, their Current Reports on Form 8-K and their Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The documents filed by United with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at United’s website at http://www.ucbi.com or at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from United by requesting them in writing to Investor Relations, United Community Banks, Inc., 125 Highway 515 East, Blairsville, Georgia 30514-0398, or by telephone to Investor Relations at (706) 781-2265. The documents filed by Four Oaks with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Four Oak’s website at https://www.fouroaksbank.com, or at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from Four Oaks by requesting them in writing to Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc., 6114 US Hwy 301 S, PO Box 309, Four Oaks, NC 27524 Attn: Corporate Secretary, or by telephone to Mr. David Rupp at (919) 963-2177.United plans to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the shares of United’s common stock that will be issued to Four Oaks’ shareholders in connection with the proposed merger. The registration statement will include a joint proxy statement of Four Oaks and prospectus of United and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed merger.  INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND JOINT PROXY/PROSPECTUS WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED MERGER OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR JOINT PROXY/PROSPECTUS BECAUSE SUCH DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED MERGER. A definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to the shareholders of Four Oaks seeking the required shareholder approval. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus free of charge from the SEC’s website or from United or Four Oaks as described above.This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.Participants in the Merger SolicitationUnited, Four Oaks, and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Four Oaks’ shareholders in connection with the proposed merger. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of United and their ownership of United common stock is set forth in its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, definitive proxy statement for United’s 2017 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2017, and other documents subsequently filed by United with the SEC. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Four Oaks and their ownership of Four Oaks common stock is set forth in its Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF14A filed on April 17, 2017 and other documents subsequently filed by Four Oaks with the SEC. Such information will also be included in the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus for Four Oak’s special meeting of shareholders, which will be filed by United with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be included in the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents regarding the proposed merger filed with the SEC when they become available. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump lashes out at his 'beleaguered' attorney general and asks why he isn't investigating Clinton's emails and Russia connectionsBusiness InsiderWebMD soars on buyout, Blue Apron surges, Hasbro slidesYahoo FinanceS&P, Dow lower as Johnson & Johnson dragsReutersHey, Siri: How much is Apple paying Dwayne Johnson to lift you?Yahoo Finance VideoTwo Minute Money: How to fill out your W-4Yahoo FinanceTrump: Health vote is last chance for GOP to do right thingAssociated PressBlue Apron just got a flood of bullish ratings from Wall Street, and its shares are flyingBusiness InsiderVW calls crisis meeting to discuss EU cartel probe: sourceReutersDemocrats take aim at Trump with a 'Better Deal' economic planYahoo Finance VideoStocks turn lower ahead of big tech earningsYahoo FinanceHere's how millennial investors are trading AMD before its earnings reportBusiness InsiderA 'big fall' in markets is coming as traders put record cash to workBusiness InsiderApple takes aim at Facebook and Snap after loading Clips with Disney and Pixar charactersBusiness InsiderWisconsin may be the apple of Foxconn's eyeYahoo Finance VideoHow 2 life-threatening events changed how Aetna's CEO views health careYahoo FinanceOrganic ranchers eye Amazon distribution ahead of Whole Foods dealReutersTrump suggests Republicans should ‘protect their president’Kathleen: This president is a scary SELF-serving man who believes the office makes the man! He has no idea how to handle this job! This man will never make the office he sits in an honorable one. Sad!Join the Conversation1 / 512k




















United Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for FOFN


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire





Referenced Stocks


UCBI
0%
Rate It





United Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement


By GlobeNewswire,  June 27, 2017, 06:00:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A










Expands franchise footprint into the attractive Raleigh, NC MSA
Partnership with 105-year-old community bank with significant operations in North Carolina's fastest-growing MSA; consistent with United growth strategy
Strategically and financially attractive combination

BLAIRSVILLE, Ga. and FOUR OAKS, N.C., June  27, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) ("United") and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. (OTCQX:FOFN) ("Four Oaks") announced today a definitive agreement for United to acquire Four Oaks and its wholly owned bank subsidiary, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company ("Four Oaks Bank"), in a stock and cash transaction. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of each company and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Four Oaks Bank operates 14 banking offices, 12 of which are located in the Raleigh, North Carolina metropolitan statistical area, including loan production offices in Raleigh and Apex. Two additional banking offices are located in the eastern North Carolina locations of Dunn and Wallace. The merger will expand United's presence in these fast-growing markets and allow it to offer its expanded product line to Four Oaks Bank's customers.
Under the terms of the agreement, Four Oaks shareholders will receive merger consideration consisting of approximately 90 percent stock, with a fixed exchange ratio of .6178 shares of United common stock and 10 percent cash or $1.90 for each share of Four Oaks. The transaction is currently valued at approximately $124 million based on United's closing price of $26.48 per share on June 23, 2017. The transaction is expected to be less than 1 percent dilutive to United's tangible book value per share, including one-time transaction costs; and 2 percent - or $.04 per share - accretive to United's fully diluted earnings per share for 2018, excluding one-time transaction costs. 
"This transaction is yet another example of our growth strategy into new, fast-growing markets," said Jimmy Tallent, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United. "Four Oaks provides a strong customer base and an excellent springboard for additional growth in metropolitan Raleigh. It will also greatly assist us in attracting strong, in-market bankers to grow in this new market area for United. With a number of merger transactions taking place across North Carolina, and in the Raleigh MSA in particular, we are confident in the opportunities such market disruption will offer. Our intent is to further expand our presence in Raleigh-area communities while creating value for shareholders and customers of both organizations."
Tallent continued, "We are especially pleased to join forces with a 105-year-old, highly respected community bank with a tremendous core deposit and customer base. Four Oaks' commitment to outstanding customer and community service is well aligned with our own, making this a great cultural fit. The combined franchise will be well positioned for growth and success and we will be focused on investing in additional lending resources to take advantage of this great opportunity."
"We are very excited to join the United Community Bank team," said Chief Executive Officer David Rupp. "Four Oaks shareholders will be rewarded through the superior financial performance of United and Four Oaks customers will find that they share our focus on outstanding personalized service. Together, we will leverage the new resources and products available through United Community Bank to expand relationships and continue to grow in North Carolina."
Four Oaks Bank will merge into United's bank subsidiary and will operate under the United Community Bank brand. At March 31, 2017, Four Oaks Bank had $737 million in assets, including $513 million in loans, and $560 million in deposits, of which nearly two-thirds are considered core deposits.
"The transaction with Four Oaks is a success for customers, employees and shareholders of both organizations and ultimately our combined company," said United President and Chief Operating Officer Lynn Harton. "I am originally from North Carolina and spent a good part of my early career in eastern NC and Raleigh. We are excited to have this opportunity to build upon the Four Oaks team and their legacy of community focus and excellent customer service."
Completion of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals and the approval of Four Oaks' shareholders.
Banks Street Partners, LLC acted as financial advisor to United, and Troutman Sanders LLP served as its legal advisor. Sandler O'Neill + Partners, LP served as Four Oaks' financial advisor, and Smith, Anderson, Blount, Dorsett, Mitchell & Jernigan, LLP served as its legal advisor. 
About United Community Banks, Inc.United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) is a registered bank holding company based in Blairsville, Georgia with $10.7 billion in assets. The company's banking subsidiary, United Community Bank, is one of the southeast region's largest full-service banks, operating 134 offices in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. The bank specializes in providing personalized community banking services to individuals, small businesses and corporations. Services include a full range of consumer and commercial banking products including mortgage, advisory and treasury management. Respected national research firms consistently recognize United Community Bank for outstanding customer service: In 2014, 2015 and 2016, J.D. Power ranked United Community Bank first in customer satisfaction in the Southeast. In 2017, for the fourth consecutive year, Forbes included United on its list of the top 100 Best Banks in America. Additional information about the company and the bank's full range of products and services can be found at www.ucbi.com.
About Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.With $736.7 million in total assets as of March 31, 2017, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company, offers a broad range of financial services through its fourteen offices in Four Oaks, Clayton, Smithfield, Garner, Benson, Fuquay-Varina, Wallace, Holly Springs, Zebulon, Dunn, Raleigh (LPO) and Apex (LPO), North Carolina. Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. trades through its market makers under the symbol of FOFN.
Caution About Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains forward-looking statements, as defined by federal securities laws, including statements about United's financial outlook and business environment. These statements are based on current expectations and are provided to assist in the understanding of future financial performance. Such performance involves risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such statements. For a discussion of some of the risks and other factors that may cause such forward-looking statements to differ materially from actual results, please refer to United's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") including its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors." Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and United undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements.
Additional Information and Where to Find ItInvestors and security holders are urged to carefully review and consider each of United's and Four Oak's public filings with the SEC, including but not limited to their Annual Reports on Form 10-K, their proxy statements, their Current Reports on Form 8-K and their Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The documents filed by United with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at United's website at http://www.ucbi.com or at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from United by requesting them in writing to Investor Relations, United Community Banks, Inc., 125 Highway 515 East, Blairsville, Georgia 30514-0398, or by telephone to Investor Relations at (706) 781-2265. The documents filed by Four Oaks with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Four Oak's website at https://www.fouroaksbank.com, or at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from Four Oaks by requesting them in writing to Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc., 6114 US Hwy 301 S, PO Box 309, Four Oaks, NC 27524 Attn: Corporate Secretary, or by telephone to Mr. David Rupp at (919) 963-2177.
United plans to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the shares of United's common stock that will be issued to Four Oaks' shareholders in connection with the proposed merger. The registration statement will include a joint proxy statement of Four Oaks and prospectus of United and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed merger.  INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND JOINT PROXY/PROSPECTUS WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED MERGER OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR JOINT PROXY/PROSPECTUS BECAUSE SUCH DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED MERGER. A definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to the shareholders of Four Oaks seeking the required shareholder approval. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus free of charge from the SEC's website or from United or Four Oaks as described above.
This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.
Participants in the Merger SolicitationUnited, Four Oaks, and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Four Oaks' shareholders in connection with the proposed merger. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of United and their ownership of United common stock is set forth in its 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, definitive proxy statement for United's 2017 annual meeting of shareholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2017, and other documents subsequently filed by United with the SEC. Information regarding the directors and executive officers of Four Oaks and their ownership of Four Oaks common stock is set forth in its Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF14A filed on April 17, 2017 and other documents subsequently filed by Four Oaks with the SEC. Such information will also be included in the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus for Four Oak's special meeting of shareholders, which will be filed by United with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be included in the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents regarding the proposed merger filed with the SEC when they become available. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above.
For more information:
Jefferson Harralson
Chief Financial Officer
(864) 240-6208
Jefferson_Harralson@ucbi.comDavid Rupp
Chief Executive Officer
(919) 963-1115
dhrupp@fouroaksbank.com







Source: United Community Banks, Inc.





                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            FOFN,
 UCBI




Latest News Video









Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







MidEast Stocks Mostly Rose But Saudi Arabia Drops on Weak Mobily Results


						7/24/2017 12:05 PM
					



The Portfolio Path Not Taken: Financial Advisors' Daily Digest


						7/24/2017 12:00 PM
					



Is United Continental's Management Becoming Overconfident?


						7/24/2017 11:50 AM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6400.14


12.39
 ▲ 
0.19%





DJIA

21534.44


-45.63
 ▼ 
0.21%





S&P 500

2470.19


-2.35
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 24, 2017 | 1:06PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Welcome to Four Oaks Bank and Trust Company




































 

Security
Careers
Links
Calculators
Site Map
Home










Small enough to know you. Big enough to serve you.









Personal/Small Business
Business/Cash Management




























Personal

Checking
Savings, CDs & IRAs 
Credit Services
In-House Mortgage
Planning & Investments
Additional Services
Online Banking 
Mobile Banking
Forerunners
Financial Resource Libraries


Business

Small Business Center
Checking
Savings & CDs
Credit Services
SBA & USDA Loans
Cash Management
Merchant Services 
Planning & Investments
Additional Services
Online Banking 
Mobile Banking
Financial Resource Libraries


Loans

Consumer Loans
Business Loans


Mortgages

Meet Our Team

FAQs
Resources
In-House Mortgage
Calculators
Preliminary Loan Application
Dictionary



Investments
Locations

Administration
Branch Locations
ATM Locations



About Us 

About Four Oaks Bank 
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Investor Information

































MORTGAGE SOLUTIONS
Our Mortgage Team works to make the mortgage process easier for you!


MOBILE CHECK DEPOSIT
No more trips to the bank just to deposit a check.


WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Let our Wealth Management team help you reach your goals.


 






































Bank Owned Property For Sale










If you need assistance with Online Banking, please  call 877-645-6611 
                            during the hours of 8:30  a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.
We are committed to making our website accessible to  all.
                              If you are having trouble accessing any of the web  pages or documents included 
                              on this website, please call 1-877-645-6611.

To report a lost or stolen debit card, call 1-844-596-1322. (24/7)
To report a lost or stolen credit card, call 1-844-269-3015. (24/7)

Bank News


UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND FOUR OAKS FINCORP, INC. ANNOUNCE MERGER AGREEMENT
Read More »

Four Oaks Bank Joins ICBA For Meeting at White House
Read More »

Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces Termination of Written Agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
Read More »

FOUR OAKS FINCORP, INC. DECLARES 2017 SECOND QUARTER DIVIDEND
Read More »

FOUR OAKS FINCORP ANNOUNCES 2017 FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS
Read More »

2016 ANNUAL REPORT
Read More »













					© 2017 Four Oaks Bank. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy | Internet Privacy Policy | Site Map.
				
 



 
 





Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 1:07 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. operates as the holding company for Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company that provides general consumer and commercial banking services. The company offers various deposit products, such as checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and Christmas club accounts, as well as overdraft lines, e-statements, and mobile check capture services. It also provides a portfolio of loan products that comprise commercial real estate, residential real estate, financial, agricultural, commercial inventory and accounts receivable, installment, interest only, home improvement, construction, and consumer loans, as well as mortgage, equity line of credi...
Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. operates as the holding company for Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company that provides general consumer and commercial banking services. The company offers various deposit products, such as checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and Christmas club accounts, as well as overdraft lines, e-statements, and mobile check capture services. It also provides a portfolio of loan products that comprise commercial real estate, residential real estate, financial, agricultural, commercial inventory and accounts receivable, installment, interest only, home improvement, construction, and consumer loans, as well as mortgage, equity line of credit, and credit cards. In addition, the company offers wealth management services, including financial planning and investment services; individual retirement accounts; and life insurance, long term care, and annuity products. Further, it provides bank access services consisting of Internet, telephone, and mobile banking services; and night depository services. Additionally, the company offers merchant services, including remote deposit capture, ATM cards, debit cards, prepaid and payroll cards, and automated clearing house origination services; and other services, such as cashier’s checks, gift cards, safe deposit boxes, wire services, and notary services. As of March 31, 2017, it operated 15 offices in Four Oaks, Clayton, Smithfield, Garner, Benson, Fuquay-Varina, Wallace, Holly Springs, Harrells, Zebulon, Dunn, Raleigh, and Apex, North Carolina. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Four Oaks, North Carolina.
Detailed Description


6114 US 301 SouthFour Oaks, NC 27524United StatesFounded in 1997175 Employees



Phone: 919-963-2177

www.fouroaksbank.com







Key Executives for Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.




Mr. David H. Rupp


      	CEO, President & Director
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $346.2K








Ms. Lisa S. Herring


      	COO & EVP
      


Age: 41
        

Total Annual Compensation: $247.2K








Mr. Jeff D. Pope


      	Executive Vice President
      


Age: 60
        

Total Annual Compensation: $250.7K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Key Developments

Four Oaks Fincorp Terminates Written Agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
May 8 17
Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. has announced that the Bank's July 2015 Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond has been terminated by the FRB with an effective termination date of April 28, 2017.


Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces Cash Dividend Payable on or after May 23, 2017
Apr 25 17
Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. announcing a cash dividend of $0.01 per share payable on or after May 23, 2017, to shareholders of record on May 8, 2017.


Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
Apr 20 17
Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. announced earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the period, the company reported net income of $1.2 million or $0.18 per diluted share compared to net income of $831,000 or $0.13 per diluted share for the same period in 2016, an increase of $357,000 or $0.05 per diluted share. Net interest income totaled $6.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017 as compared to $5.9 million for the same period in 2016, an increase of $538,000 or 9.1%. Interest income totaled $7.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to $7.1 million for the same period in 2016, an increase of $487,000 or 6.8%. The primary driver of the improved margins and overall net interest income was the increase in interest earned on loans offset by a decrease in interest earned on investment securities.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1854 Bancorp United States 1889 Bancorp MHC United States 1st Financial Bank USA United States 1st Manatee Bank United States 1st National Bank United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 27, 2017
			    
--



Buyback

			      March 8, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc., please visit www.fouroaksbank.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  FOFN:OTC US Stock Quote - Four Oaks Fincorp Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Four Oaks Fincorp Inc   FOFN:US   OTC US        19.00USD   0.15   0.78%     As of 11:35 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Open   19.00    Day Range   19.00 - 19.00    Volume   1,400    Previous Close   19.15    52Wk Range   10.65 - 19.15    1 Yr Return   71.28%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   19.00    Day Range   19.00 - 19.00    Volume   1,400    Previous Close   19.15    52Wk Range   10.65 - 19.15    1 Yr Return   71.28%    YTD Return   43.40%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   5.10    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   3.73    Market Cap (m USD)   128.656    Shares Outstanding  (m)   6.771    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.72    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.05%        Sector Financials   % Price Change +0.32%     Industry Banks   % Price Change +0.65%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/11/2017   INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. And Encourages     7/6/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. And Encourages     7/5/2017   INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. to     6/30/2017   FOUR OAKS FINCORP INVESTOR ALERT BY THE FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Adequacy of P     6/29/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc.     6/29/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: WeissLaw LLP Investigates the Acquisition of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc.     6/27/2017   United Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement     5/4/2017   Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces Termination of Written Agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond     4/25/2017   Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Declares 2017 Second Quarter Dividend     4/20/2017   Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. is the holding company for Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company.  The Bank provides traditional personal banking services as well as loans for business, agriculture, real estate, personal use, home improvement, and automobiles.  Four Oaks operates in eastern and central North Carolina.    Address  6114 US 301 SouthFour Oaks, NC 27524United States   Phone  1-919-963-2177   Website   www.fouroaksbank.com     Executives Board Members    David H Rupp  President/CEO    Lisa S Herring  Exec VP/COO    Deanna W Hart  Exec VP/CFO    Wareen D Herring  Executive Vice President    Jeffrey D Pope  Executive Vice President     Show More         








United Community Banks, Inc. And Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































United Community Banks, Inc. And Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement






GlobeNewswire



Jun 27, 2017 6:00 AM EDT













 


















































   Expands franchise footprint into the attractive Raleigh, NC MSA Partnership with 105-year-old community bank with significant operations in North Carolina's fastest-growing MSA; consistent with United growth strategy Strategically and financially attractive combination   BLAIRSVILLE, Ga. and FOUR OAKS, N.C., June 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- United Community Banks, Inc. (NASDAQ:UCBI) ("United") and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. (OTCQX:FOFN) ("Four Oaks") announced today a definitive agreement for United to acquire Four Oaks and its wholly owned bank subsidiary, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company ("Four Oaks Bank"), in a stock and cash transaction. The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of each company and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2017. Four Oaks Bank operates 14 banking offices, 12 of which are located in the Raleigh, North Carolina metropolitan statistical area, including loan production offices in Raleigh and Apex. Two additional banking offices are located in the eastern North Carolina locations of Dunn and Wallace. The merger will expand United's presence in these fast-growing markets and allow it to offer its expanded product line to Four Oaks Bank's customers. Under the terms of the agreement, Four Oaks shareholders will receive merger consideration consisting of approximately 90 percent stock, with a fixed exchange ratio of .6178 shares of United common stock and 10 percent cash or $1.90 for each share of Four Oaks. The transaction is currently valued at approximately $124 million based on United's closing price of $26.48 per share on June 23, 2017. The transaction is expected to be less than 1 percent dilutive to United's tangible book value per share, including one-time transaction costs; and 2 percent - or $.04 per share - accretive to United's fully diluted earnings per share for 2018, excluding one-time transaction costs.  "This transaction is yet another example of our growth strategy into new, fast-growing markets," said Jimmy Tallent, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United. "Four Oaks provides a strong customer base and an excellent springboard for additional growth in metropolitan Raleigh. It will also greatly assist us in attracting strong, in-market bankers to grow in this new market area for United. With a number of merger transactions taking place across North Carolina, and in the Raleigh MSA in particular, we are confident in the opportunities such market disruption will offer. Our intent is to further expand our presence in Raleigh-area communities while creating value for shareholders and customers of both organizations."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Community Banks Could Be Big Winners in Treasury Regulation Overhaul
Banks that find themselves on the cusp of certain regulatory thresholds could be big winners under the Trump Treasury Department.



Emily Stewart

Jun 13, 2017 12:12 PM EDT
























Buyout Firms Are Heading for the Exit With Their Bank Investments
Although the firms were once seen as saviors in the industry, regulators were always skeptical and still regard them as short-term investors looking for bargains, rather than stewards.



Michael Brown

Jun 8, 2015 10:46 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - UCBI, PGTI And LNKD Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include UCBI, PGTI and LNKD



TheStreet Wire

May 19, 2015 11:00 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - UCBI, CRM And JNPR Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include UCBI, CRM and JNPR



TheStreet Wire

Feb 20, 2015 11:15 AM EST








































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 













Four Oaks Fincorp Inc (FOFN.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Four Oaks Fincorp Inc (FOFN.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsBanks












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FOFN.PK on OTC Markets Group


				19.00USD
11:35am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.15


					            (-0.78%)
					        






Prev Close

$19.15


Open

$19.00




Day's High

$19.00


Day's Low

$19.00




Volume

1,400


Avg. Vol

8,098




52-wk High

$19.15


52-wk Low

$10.65












					Full Description



Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc., incorporated on February 5, 1997, is a bank holding company. The Company's primary function is to serve as the holding company for its subsidiaries, Four Oaks Bank & Trust Company, Inc. (the Bank) and Four Oaks Mortgage Services, L.L.C. The Bank operates over 16 offices in eastern and central North Carolina. In addition, the Company has an interest in Four Oaks Statutory Trust I, a statutory business trust (the Trust), for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. The Bank is a community-focused bank engaged in commercial banking business. The Bank provides a range of banking services, including deposit accounts, loan products, wealth management, bank access services and merchant services.The Bank offers deposit accounts, such as checking, savings, free checking and savings program, certificates of deposit (CD), Christmas club, overdraft privilege, e-statements and mobile check capture. It offers wealth management products, such as financial planning services, wealth management services, investment services, individual retirement account (IRA), life insurance, long-term care and annuities. It offers bank access services, such as Internet banking, telephone banking, mobile banking and night depository. The Bank offers merchant services, such as remote deposit capture, automated teller machine (ATM) cards, VISA debit cards, automated clearing house (ACH) origination and prepaid and payroll cards. The Bank's other services include cashier's checks, traveler's check cards, gift cards, safe deposit box, bill pay service, wire services, and electronic funds transfer (EFT) services.Lending ActivitiesThe Bank's loan portfolio primarily consists of real estate, commercial and consumer loans. These loans are primarily collateralized by residential and commercial properties, commercial equipment and personal property. The Company offers residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, financial loans, agricultural loans, commercial inventory and accounts receivable loans, installment loans and interest only loans. The financial loans are secured by stocks, bonds and mutual funds. The installment loans are direct loans to established customers of the Bank and primarily include the financing of automobiles, boats and other consumer goods. The Interest only loans are limited to construction lending, properties completed and undergoing occupancy stabilization period and revolving lines of credit. The Company's total loans amount to approximately $448.697 million.Investment activitiesThe Company's investment portfolio consists of primarily residential mortgage-backed securities (MBSs). The MBSs consist of fixed-rate mortgage securities underwritten and guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA), the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) with the United States Department of the Treasury. The Company's available for sale securities consist of taxable municipal securities and MBSs, as well as equity securities. The Company's available for sale securities consist of taxable municipal securities, MBSs, other debt securities, and equity securities not classified as trading securities or as held-to-maturity securities. The Company's total securities amount to approximately $70.281 million.Sources of FundsThe Company's primary source of funds for its portfolio loans, loan pipeline and investments is deposits. The Company originates deposits from individuals and entities located in its primary markets of Johnston and Wake counties. The Company offers various types of deposits that include non-interest bearing demand deposits and interest-bearing transaction accounts, which include savings, money market and interest checking. The Company's total deposits amount to approximately $542.3 million. The Bank borrows funds principally from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the FHLB).

» Full Overview of FOFN.PK







					Company Address



Four Oaks Fincorp Inc
6114 Us 301 South Four OaksFOUR OAKS   NC   27524
P: +1919.9632177







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Ayden Lee

1,060,300




							 David Rupp

382,663




							 Deanna Hart

--




							 Lisa Herring

254,345




							 Warren Herring

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Four Oaks Fincorp Inc News




BRIEF-United Community Banks and Four Oaks Fincorp report merger agreement

Jun 27 2017 

» More FOFN.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsBanks































FOFN - Stock Quote and Charts for Four Oaks Fincorp

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















Four Oaks Fincorp (FOFN)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






19.00
+0.15  +0.80%
OTC Markets
Jul 24, 11:35
Delayed 15m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Key Stats


Financials


Data


Estimates


News


Events


Y-Ratings


Performance


Valuation


Multichart









View Full Chart
FOFN Price Chart
















View All Key Stats
FOFN Key Stats






Income Statement



Revenue (TTM)


                                

                                32.49M
                            
                        


Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



EPS Diluted (TTM)


                                

                                0.55
                            
                        


EPS Diluted (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



Net Income (TTM)


                                

                                3.461M
                            
                        


Profitability



Gross Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                12.58%
                            
                        


Dividend



Dividend Yield (Forward)

Upgrade



Dividend Yield (TTM)


                                

                                0.05%
                            
                        










Price and Valuation



Market Cap


                                

                                128.36M
                            
                        


52 Week High (Daily)

Upgrade



52 Week Low (Daily)

Upgrade



PS Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


PE Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Price to Book Value


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Other



Beta (5Y)

Upgrade



Debt to Equity Ratio (Quarterly)


                                

                                1.446
                            
                        


Free Cash Flow (Quarterly)


                                

                                1.771M
                            
                        


Return on Equity (TTM)


                                

                                5.55%
                            
                        








View All FOFN News
FOFN News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


Business Wire



                                
                                INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. And Encourages Shareholders To Contact The Firm For Additional Information


07/11 14:58



Business Wire



                                
                                SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. And Encourages Investors To Contact The Firm For Additional Information


07/06 14:19



Business Wire



                                
                                INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. to United Community Banks, Inc. is Fair to Shareholders


07/05 15:31



PR Newswire



                                
                                FOUR OAKS FINCORP INVESTOR ALERT BY THE FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL OF LOUISIANA: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates Adequacy of Price and Process in Proposed Sale of Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.


06/30 11:36



Business Wire



                                
                                SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of an Investigation Into Whether the Sale of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc. to United Community Banks, Inc. is Fair to Shareholders


06/29 15:49



PR Newswire



                                
                                SHAREHOLDER ALERT: WeissLaw LLP Investigates the Acquisition of Four Oaks Fincorp Inc.


06/29 11:48



Yahoo



                                
                                Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc.: Strong price momentum but will it sustain?


06/28 13:17



Globe Newswire



                                
                                United Community Banks, Inc. and Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement


06/27 06:00



Yahoo



                                
                                Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. : Overvalued relative to peers, but may deserve another look


06/19 13:16



Yahoo



                                
                                Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. :FOFN-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : June 1, 2017


06/01 10:12











View All Events
FOFN Events



Date
Type
Description


05/04/2017
Dividends
Amount: 0.01, Declared Date: Apr 29 2017, Pay Date: May 23 2017


03/09/2017
Splits
Ratio: 1:5




View All Performance Charts
FOFN Total Returns Comparison








FOFN Fundamentals

Income Statement 
View Statement









Revenue (TTM)

32.49M


Total Expenses (TTM)

--


Net Income (TTM)

3.461M





Balance Sheet 
View Statement









Total Assets (Quarterly)

722.86M


Total Liabilities (Quarterly)

657.93M


Shareholders Equity (Quarterly)

64.93M





Cash Flow Statement 
View Statement









Cash from Operations (TTM)

8.141M


Cash from Investing (TTM)

-10.78M


Cash from Financing (TTM)

4.072M








FOFN Ratings


Y-Rating

Upgrade



Value Score

Upgrade



Fundamental Score

Upgrade



Valuation (Hist. Mult.)

Upgrade



Y-Rating Report

Download





Advertisement





FOFN One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





FOFN Analyst Coverage


Consensus Recommendations

Buy Recommendations

Upgrade



Outperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Hold Recommendations

Upgrade



Underperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Sell Recommendations

Upgrade


Target Price

Price


                19.00
                
            


Price Target

Upgrade







Edit


 Profile

URL: http://www.fouroaksbank.com
Investor Relations URL: N/A
HQ State/Province: North Carolina
Sector: Financial Services
Industry: Banks - Regional - US
Next Earnings Release: N/A
Last Earnings Release: N/A
Next Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Last Ex-Dividend Date: May. 04, 2017
Description: Four Oaks Fincorp Inc provides banking services. It provides Deposit accounts, Loan products, Wealth management, Delivery Channels, Commercial services and Other services.



FOFN Comparables

Edit









                                        AMNB
                                    


                                    American National
                                




                                        AMRB
                                    


                                    American River Bankshares
                                




                                        ANCX
                                    


                                    Access National
                                




                                        AROW
                                    


                                    Arrow Financial
                                




                                        ASRV
                                    


                                    AmeriServ Financial
                                




                                        ATLO
                                    


                                    Ames National
                                







FOFN Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("FOFN","name")
Description: =YCI("FOFN","description")
Sector: =YCI("FOFN","sector")
Industry: =YCI("FOFN","industry")
Est. Current Fiscal Year End: =YCI("FOFN","fye")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Other FOFN Resources

13F Filings Whale Wisdom
Call Transcripts Seeking Alpha
Insider Trading Morningstar
Institutional Ownership Nasdaq
SEC Filings SEC
FOFN Tweets Stocktwits



Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            



























Welcome to Four Oaks Bank and Trust Company




































 

Security
Careers
Links
Calculators
Site Map
Home










Small enough to know you. Big enough to serve you.









Personal/Small Business
Business/Cash Management




























Personal

Checking
Savings, CDs & IRAs 
Credit Services
In-House Mortgage
Planning & Investments
Additional Services
Online Banking 
Mobile Banking
Forerunners
Financial Resource Libraries


Business

Small Business Center
Checking
Savings & CDs
Credit Services
SBA & USDA Loans
Cash Management
Merchant Services 
Planning & Investments
Additional Services
Online Banking 
Mobile Banking
Financial Resource Libraries


Loans

Consumer Loans
Business Loans


Mortgages

Meet Our Team

FAQs
Resources
In-House Mortgage
Calculators
Preliminary Loan Application
Dictionary



Investments
Locations

Administration
Branch Locations
ATM Locations



About Us 

About Four Oaks Bank 
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Investor Information

































MORTGAGE SOLUTIONS
Our Mortgage Team works to make the mortgage process easier for you!


MOBILE CHECK DEPOSIT
No more trips to the bank just to deposit a check.


WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Let our Wealth Management team help you reach your goals.


 






































Bank Owned Property For Sale










If you need assistance with Online Banking, please  call 877-645-6611 
                            during the hours of 8:30  a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.
We are committed to making our website accessible to  all.
                              If you are having trouble accessing any of the web  pages or documents included 
                              on this website, please call 1-877-645-6611.

To report a lost or stolen debit card, call 1-844-596-1322. (24/7)
To report a lost or stolen credit card, call 1-844-269-3015. (24/7)

Bank News


UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AND FOUR OAKS FINCORP, INC. ANNOUNCE MERGER AGREEMENT
Read More »

Four Oaks Bank Joins ICBA For Meeting at White House
Read More »

Four Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces Termination of Written Agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
Read More »

FOUR OAKS FINCORP, INC. DECLARES 2017 SECOND QUARTER DIVIDEND
Read More »

FOUR OAKS FINCORP ANNOUNCES 2017 FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS
Read More »

2016 ANNUAL REPORT
Read More »













					© 2017 Four Oaks Bank. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy | Internet Privacy Policy | Site Map.
				
 



 
 
















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


