    The Fragasso Group Inc | ZoomInfo.com
Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLessang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Awards and Recognition | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso • Awards 















Awards
Fragasso Financial Advisors has earned many awards owing to the hard work, devotion and technical expertise of our professionals. These awards remind us of our past successes and inspire us to continuously endeavor to deliver exceptional service to our clients.
 

 















 

America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Rank No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2017







America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Rank No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2017


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors’ founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 1 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2017 list of America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors.

The rankings are based on assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of the practice and philanthropic work. This is the eighth consecutive year Fragasso has been named to the Barron’s top 1,200 list.









 

CFO of the Year Award







CFO of the Year Award


The Pittsburgh Business Times has named Christine Erimias one of the region’s CFO of the Year awardees. The CFO of the Year Awards honors financial professionals in western Pennsylvania for outstanding performance as corporate financial stewards.
As CFO and COO of Fragasso FInancial Advisors, Christine Erimias handles a lot, from finance to operations, administration to human resources. Her current responsibilities include: Financial reporting and analysis, budgeting, profitability measurements, operational oversight, and head of human resources.
Eligibility
Nominees must be Chief Financial Officers or hold equivalent positions in the western Pennsylvania region. Companies do not have to be headquartered in region, but CFO nominees must have home office in the region.
An independent panel of judges, which includes winners of the 2015 CFO of the Year Awards select winners based on information provided through online nominations.









 

Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 45: August 2016







Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 45: August 2016


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 45 financial advisor nationally on its 2016 list of Top 100 Independent Wealth Advisors. Fragasso was ranked No.1 financial advisor in Western Pennsylvania and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania.
Barron’s has ranked independent advisors since 2007. The ranking reflects the volume of assets overseen by the advisors and their teams, revenues generated for the firms, assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice, philanthropic work and the quality of the advisors’ practices. The scoring system assigns a top score of 100 and rates the rest by comparing them with the winner.









 

Most Admired CEO







Most Admired CEO


The Pittsburgh Business Times has named Robert Fragasso one of the region’s Most Admired CEO’s and Top Executives for 2016!
Honorees were chosen from a pool of online nominations and determined by an independent panel of judges. Those chosen for the honor have demonstrated vital leadership and customer service philosophy, outstanding employee relationships, contributions to the community and evidence that they have shaped their company’s products or services to help lead their business to success.
 
 









 

America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2016







America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2016


March 9, 2016
Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 1 financial advisor in Western Pa. and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2016 list of America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors.
The rankings are based assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of the practice and philanthropic work. This is the seventh consecutive year Fragasso has been named to the Barron’s top 1,200 list.









 

Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors







Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors


January 28, 2016
Financial Planning ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors as one of the top registered investment advisors in the nation on its 2016 list of Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors.
The 2016 Financial Planning Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors is an independent listing produced by Financial Planning magazine. Discovery Data compiled the rankings based on discretionary and nondiscretionary assets under management listed on the SEC Form ADV.1
1 To capture independent fee-only planning firms, every effort is made to exclude firms with broker-dealer and insurance company affiliations and those with substantial outside ownership stakes held by private equity firms and some outside investors. The list also does not include roll-ups, aggregators or turnkey asset management programs. To capture firms that provide true holistic financial advice to individuals, only firms with 50% or more individual clients, as can be determined through the Form ADV, are included. Subjective review of unusual cases may result in inclusion or exclusion based on factors unique to those firms. As the RIA industry evolves, so does the criteria.










 

Top Places to Work in Western PA, Ranked No. 3: October 2015







Top Places to Work in Western PA, Ranked No. 3: October 2015


For the 10th time in the past 12 years, Fragasso Financial Advisors has been named one of the “Best Places to Work in Western PA” by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The firm was ranked 12th overall and No. 3 out of 25 companies in the medium category (25 to 49 employees) and was one of 95 Pittsburgh organizations honored in 2015.
“The most critical element in creating a great work place is encouraging open and honest communication between all employees,” said founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso. “Employee retention is a huge priority for us. When we create an enjoyable work environment, we find our employees are happier, more productive and more likely to stick with our firm. This recognition would not be possible without the talented group of professionals at Fragasso, and we’re extremely grateful for this latest honor.”
This award marks the latest in a series of recent recognitions for Fragasso Financial Advisors. The Financial Times ranked Fragasso Financial Advisors as one of the top registered investment advisors in the nation on its list of 2015 Top 400 Financial Advisors. Barron’s ranked Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 2 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 6 advisor in Pennsylvania on its list of the Top 100 Independent Wealth Advisors for 2015. Barron’s also ranked Robert Fragasso as the No. 2 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2015 list of America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors.
As part of the Best Places to Work program, the firm participates in an employee satisfaction survey to gauge employee engagement, advocacy and retention rates. This year, the employee satisfaction score for those surveyed from Fragasso was 94.16 out of 100.
More than 150 area companies applied to participate in this year’s Best Places to Work program. To qualify, employees from each company participated in an online survey. Omaha, Neb.-based Quantum Market Research was utilized to analyze key workplace considerations to make the final selection.
 









 

Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 57: August 2015







Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 57: August 2015


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 57 financial advisor nationally on its 2015 list of Top 100 Independent Advisors. Fragasso was ranked No. 2 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 3 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania.
Barron’s has ranked independent advisors since 2007, taking into account assets under management, quality of practices and revenue that advisors generate for their firms, among other factors.









 

Financial Times Top 400 Financial Advisors, March 2015







Financial Times Top 400 Financial Advisors, March 2015


The 2015 Financial Times Top 400 Financial Advisors is an independent listing produced by the Financial Times. The FT 400 is based on data gathered from broker-dealers, regulatory disclosures and the Financial Times’ research. As identified by the Financial Times, areas of consideration included assets under management, asset growth, years of experience, industry certification, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) compliance record and online accessibility.









 

Robert Fragasso Ranked No. 2 in Pittsburgh, America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors, February 2015







Robert Fragasso Ranked No. 2 in Pittsburgh, America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors, February 2015


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 2 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2015 list of America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors.
The rankings are based on assets under management, revenues generated by advisors for their firms, regulatory records and quality of the practice. This is the sixth consecutive year Fragasso has been named to the Barron’s top 1,200 list.









 

Top Places to Work in Western PA, Ranked No. 10: October 2014







Top Places to Work in Western PA, Ranked No. 10: October 2014


For the ninth time in the past 11 years, Fragasso Financial Advisors has been named one of the “Top Places to Work in Western PA” by the Pittsburgh Business Times.  As a firm, Fragasso was ranked No. 10 out of 93 small organizations (up to 50 employees) in 2014. The employee satisfaction score for those surveyed from Fragasso was 95.35 out of 100.  The rankings are based on employee completed surveys.
For the best places to work awards, more than 150 area companies applied to participate in an online survey of employee engagement.  Online employee satisfaction surveys formed the basis of the final rankings. Counties surveyed include Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Washington and Westmoreland.









 

Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 62: August 2014







Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 62: August 2014


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 62 financial advisor nationally on its 2014 list of Top 100 Independent Advisors.  Fragasso was ranked No. 3 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 5 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania. 
Barron’s has ranked independent advisors since 2007, taking into account assets under management, quality of practices and revenue that advisors generate for their firms, among other factors.









 

Fragasso Financial Advisors Awarded the Five STAR Wealth Manager Award, July 2014







Fragasso Financial Advisors Awarded the Five STAR Wealth Manager Award, July 2014


Several Financial Advisors from our firm have been awarded the FIVE STAR Wealth Manager award for 2014 by Pittsburgh Magazine. These Advisors were selected by more than 34,000 consumers in the Pittsburgh area. These respondents know the advisors through personal experience and evaluated them based on customer service, integrity, expertise, communication, value for fee charged, and overall satisfaction. Congratulations to the Fragasso Financial advisors selected!









 

Ranked as the No. 2 Financial Advisor in Pittsburgh, America’s Top 1,000 Financial Advisors, February 2014







Ranked as the No. 2 Financial Advisor in Pittsburgh, America’s Top 1,000 Financial Advisors, February 2014


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 2 financial advisor in Pittsburgh and the No. 6 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2014 list of America’s Top 1,000 Financial Advisors.
The rankings are based on assets under management, the firm’s generated revenue, regulatory record, philanthropic work and quality of the practice. This is the fourth consecutive year Fragasso has been named in the Barron’s top 1000 list.









 

Top 300 Registered Investment Advisors,  July 2014







Top 300 Registered Investment Advisors,  July 2014


The 2014 Financial Times Top 300 Registered Investment Advisors is an independent listing produced by the Financial Times. The FT 300 is based on data gathered from RIA firms, regulatory disclosures and the Financial Times’ research. As identified by the Financial Times, the listing reflected each practice’s performance in six primary areas, including assets under management, asset growth, compliance record, years in existence, credentials and accessibility. 











 







More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps toward your financial future. A credentialed financial advisor will contact you to have a high-level conversation about your current situation, expectations and needs.



First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.


Get started today







 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content


















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Our Team | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso • Staff 















Fragasso Staff 
With more than 40 employees and over 100 years of combined experience, the Fragasso team looks forward to helping you reach your financial goals.
 

 



















Executive Team






Robert Fragasso CFP® , AIF® 

 







Robert FragassoChairman and Chief Executive Officer
Phone - 412-227-3220
Email - rfragasso@fragassoadvisors.com
"You can truly accomplish your life's goals if they are fashioned in the context of a solidly constructed financial plan.  The answer is to take your life's direction and the success into your own hands.  We are here to help and will continue to ever increasingly refine our quality of service."
With more than four decades of experience in the investment management and financial planning fields, Bob leads Fragasso Financial Advisors as chairman and chief executive officer. He has combined his experience in the industry with his entrepreneurial spirit, carefully constructing a vision that has positioned the firm for growth and longevity. He has paid particular attention to refining the firm’s processes and systems in order to make the inner workings of the company extremely efficient, including rigorous investment management processes and personalized financial planning for each client devoid of proprietary product bias.  Bob has put a highly evolved management team in place in order to provide unparalleled quality assurance and perpetuity for the firm. Bob also serves as a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee1 and on our management team. He is a certified financial planner™ professional.
Bob has been honored by many national and local organizations including Barron’s Magazine and was named the “2015 Veteran of the Year” by the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA. He has shared his entrepreneurial wisdom in his book, Starting Your Own Practice: The Independence Guide for Professional Service Providers and is frequently asked for his investment insights by local and national media, including Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Pittsburgh Business Times, Wall Street Journal, WSJ.com and Forbes.com among others.
Bob is the son of immigrant parents and grew up in the inner city of Pittsburgh. His love for investment management began early when he saved his earnings from his paper route to purchase mutual funds, which he later used to buy his first home. Bob earned his bachelor’s degree from Duquesne University and served in the U.S. Marine Corps. He is a vocal advocate for veterans. Bob may be best known for his tireless commitment to animal welfare in the region. He serves on many boards including Animal Friends, LaRoche College, Pennsylvania Economy League of Southwestern Pennsylvania and the Veterans Advisory Board for Duquesne University.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary® 
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Daniel Dingus AIF®, MBA

 







Daniel DingusPresident, Executive Director of Portfolio Management
Phone - 412-227-3236
Email - ddingus@fragassoadvisors.com
"We believe clients find comfort in understanding the way we think about their investments. We make our process and communication transparent so that clients can easily understand the work we do on their behalf."
Daniel joined Fragasso within the portfolio management department in 2007. His first role with the firm was as portfolio manager. He was later promoted to director of portfolio management and now serves as the president for Fragasso. In this role, Daniel oversees the development and implementation of the firm’s strategic direction across each department. As chair of the Investment Committee,1 he ultimately oversees the Portfolio Management Department and is involved in many aspects of the decision making and strategic perspectives on the investment side of the firm. Having served as a portfolio manager and as director of portfolio management, Daniel has deep experience with both the strategy and tactics necessary to achieve the firm’s investment management goals. Daniel began his career in the financial services industry more than 20 years ago, working as a trust operations officer for a local bank. Prior to his time with Fragasso, Daniel was part of an investment research team and was instrumental in the management of over $10 billion in institutional assets for retirement plans, endowments and foundations.
Daniel has always had a true passion for financial services and in particular portfolio management, proudly proclaiming himself a portfolio enthusiast. His passion, knowledge and high ethical standards have helped establish his reputation in the industry. He is driven every day to make a difference in the lives of our clients, and inspires the staff at Fragasso to do the same. Daniel also serves as a member of our management team.
Daniel is native to Pittsburgh, having grown up in the city’s Beechview neighborhood. He earned his bachelor’s degree and his M.B.A. from Duquesne University. He remains in the city to this day and enjoys staying active through various outdoor activities, golf notwithstanding. Daniel is passionate about giving back to the community, serving on various nonprofit boards including the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA and the Pittsburgh Society of Investment Professionals. He was also selected as one of 50 Distinguished Alumni of Community College of Allegheny County.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Passed Level I CFA® exam
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania

Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors, meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Christine Erimias 

 







Christine ErimiasChief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
Phone - 412.227.3237
Email - cerimias@fragassoadvisors.com
"The energy and enthusiasm within my workplace makes me want to strive even harder for our clients and employees."
Christine joined Fragasso as controller  in 2013 after heading up a successful home health care agency as its chief operations officer. She was quickly promoted from controller to chief financial officer. Christine is responsible for the firm’s accounting and financial functions including budgets, forecasts, reporting and fiscal responsibilities. During her time at Fragasso she has streamlined accounting functions and protocols.  She also manages all the human resource functions of the firm and prides herself on open communication and transparency in order to create an enjoyable work environment for the Fragasso team. Christine is a member of the management team.
Christine attended Penn State University’s main campus and earned her bachelor’s degree in accounting. In her spare time, she enjoys spending quiet time at Indian Lake with her husband, David and their three children.











Financial Advisors






Gregg Daily AIF®

 







Gregg DailyManager, Investment Advisory Services
Phone - 412-227-3213
Email - gdaily@fragassoadvisors.com
Having worked for years in investment management and having served on numerous boards of directors and local government committees, Gregg’s investment advisory work is focused on nonprofits, institutional clients and municipalities. He, along with our Nonprofit Advisory Services team, partner with clients to crystallize goals and desired outcomes, bringing a focus on preserving and growing investment assets. As an independent investment advisor we adhere to the fiduciary standard, acting with a duty of loyalty and care, and always in our clients best interests. Gregg has worked with many types of organizations, including human services, the arts, industry groups and municipalities. His experiences both as a board member and an independent investment advisor have given him an appreciation for the joys and challenges that organizations face and a sense of purpose in helping our partners fulfill their fiduciary responsibilities. Gregg is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Gregg was born and raised in Pittsburgh. He currently lives in Jefferson Hills with his wife and their three children. He serves on the board for Chatham Baroque and the Jefferson Hills Economic Development Commission. In his spare time, Gregg enjoys spending time with his family.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










James Danko AIF®

 







James DankoVice President & Chief Compliance Officer
Phone - 412.227.3207
Email - jdanko@fragassoadvisors.com
Jim has over 18 years experience in the financial services industry and currently serves as our chief compliance officer. As CCO, Jim is primarily responsible for overseeing and managing compliance, ensuring that Fragasso and its employees are meeting regulatory requirements and following established internal policies and procedures. He is an Accredited Investment Fiduciary and holds his series 7, 63, 65 and 24 licenses through LPL Financial. Jim is also a member of the Fragasso Compliance Committee.1
Jim was born and raised in the Pittsburgh area and currently resides in Jefferson Hills with his wife and two children. He earned his master’s in business administration from Point Park University and his bachelor’s from Thiel College. In his spare time, Jim enjoys spending time with his family and is a wrestling official with the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7, 63, 65 and 24 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Compliance Committee meets quarterly and has general responsibility to review the compliance and ethics programs, policies and procedures at Fragasso.  Our departments collaborate and coordinate to ensure that all employees understand and follow important compliance procedures.  This ensures that our clients work with a trusted firm, who is compliant with regulatory requirements and works hard to proactively improve all processes.  










T.J. Drost CFP®, CFS®, AIF®

 







T.J. DrostFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0502
Email - tdrost@fragassoadvisors.com
T.J. knew he wanted to be a financial advisor from a young age. When his father passed away unexpectedly while T.J. was in college, his father’s financial advisor was there to reassure the family that they would remain financially sound. The comprehensive planning his father and his financial advisor had done prior to his passing helped relieve any doubts they had about their family’s future.
For more than 18 years T.J. has spent his professional career helping others achieve that same kind of security in their financial future. Born and raised in Altoona, Pa., T.J. began his career in Philadelphia as a senior financial consultant where he was responsible for the top 2 percent of his employer’s ultra-high net worth clientele. He moved to Pittsburgh in 2005, continuing his career as a director of client services and then as a financial advisor. T.J. joined Fragasso Financial Advisors as a financial advisor in 2015. He is responsible for working directly with clients in the ongoing management and monitoring of their investment portfolios. This includes regular review meetings, implementation of financial plans and ongoing communication. By developing a personal relationship and discovering what the client is passionate about, he utilizes this motivation to help his clients work towards both their personal and financial goals.
T.J. earned his bachelor’s degree in business management from Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional and a Certified Fund Specialist®. T.J. is also a member of the Financial Planning Association. He currently resides in Upper St. Clair with his family. In his spare time he enjoys getting outdoors to fish, hike and camp. He is an avid reader and, of course, he’s a Pittsburgh sports fan. But most importantly, T.J. loves spending time with his wife, Chrissy and their two daughters.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Certified Fund Specialist®
Series 6, 7, 63 and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Michael Fertig AIF®

 







Michael FertigVice President
Phone - 412-227-3240
Email - mfertig@fragassoadvisors.com
"One of my first observations as a young financial advisor more than 20 years ago was how significant of an impact a good financial planner can have on people's lives."
Michael has been in the investment industry for over 20 years. He works at Fragasso as a financial advisor, managing and monitoring client investment portfolios. His key responsibilities include the creation and implementation of financial plans, asset modeling, review meetings and ongoing client dialogue and communications. 
Michael was born and raised in Bethel Park where he currently resides with his wife and their two children. He earned his bachelor’s degree in political arts from Slippery Rock University. In his spare time, Michael enjoys spending time with his family, particularly when he gets to cheer on his kids at their high school and college sporting events. He is also active in the animal rescue community and has rescued many dogs and cats.

Certifications: Series 7, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®










Kerry A. Kelly, Jr. 

 







Kerry A. Kelly, Jr.Financial Advisor
Phone - 412-227-3224
Email - mailto:kkelly@fragassoadvisors.com
Kerry is a financial advisor at Fragasso. He has been in the financial services industry for eighteen years. Kerry began his career as an investment management analyst at Smith Barney. His strong analytical background enables Kerry to truly understand his clients’ goals. Helping individuals and families work toward financial security is a truly rewarding experience for Kerry.
Kerry is native to Pittsburgh, and he currently resides in Allison Park with his wife. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Pennsylvania State University in economics. He recently completed his M.B.A. from Waynesburg University. Kerry’s hobbies consist of golfing, skiing and spending time with family and friends.

Certifications: Series 7 registered through LPL Financial
Series 66 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania











Karen Lapina CFP®, AIF® 

 







Karen LapinaVice President
Phone - 412-227-3226
Email - klapina@fragassoadvisors.com
"I enjoy working with members of the Pittsburgh business and medical communities, helping them understand our financial planning process and how we can help them reach their financial goals."
Karen has been in the financial services industry for more than 25 years and is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional. Karen’s desire to help others with their financial goals began when she saw her own parents struggle with their personal finances as they worked hard to build a small business. Karen firmly believes if her parents had a good advisor through it all, they would not have been as stressed about the process and their lives may have been a bit easier.
Right out of college, she started working for a large mutual fund company then moved to an insurance company in their pension services division. Her career at Fragasso began by working in and then managing our financial planning operations. She was responsible for implementing the Wealth Vision Planning system that we currently use to create comprehensive financial planning schedules for both clients and prospects. In her current role as financial advisor, Karen works with clients to help them formulate and execute a plan specific to their situation to help them reach their financial goals. She works closely with our Portfolio Management Department to develop a customized portfolio that conforms to their personal financial plan. Karen is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Karen grew up in the Pittsburgh suburbs and earned her bachelor’s in finance from Drexel University in Philadelphia. She enjoys spending time with her husband and three children in her spare time. She is also a member of Familylinks Foundation Board, which, together with the Familylinks organization, assists children and adults living with a disability or an unfortunate circumstance.

Certifications: CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional 
Series 7, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors, meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds. 










Andrew Madden 

 







Andrew MaddenFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0505
Email - amadden@fragassoadvisors.com
Andrew is a financial advisor and financial planning analyst in Fragasso’s North Hills office located in Wexford. As a child, Andrew’s parents instilled in him the importance of helping others, which ultimately led him to become a financial advisor. Andrew feels rewarded by helping his clients build a solid financial future for themselves and for their family. He has over ten years of experience in financial services and holds several certifications, such as: Accredited Wealth Management Advisor and Accredited Investment Fiduciary.
Andrew earned his bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He was born and raised in North Fayette Township and currently resides in Hampton Township with his wife, Christina, and their four dogs. Andrew has fond memories of meeting Mario Lemieux when he was just ten years old. He’s been an avid fan of the Pittsburgh Penguins ever since.

Certifications: Series 6, 7, and 63 securities registered through LPL Financial. 
Series 65 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors.  PA Insurance, Accredited Wealth Management Advisor (AWMA), and Accredited Investment Fiduciary (AIF) 











Liliann Moser AIF®

 







Liliann MoserVice President Fragasso Investment Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3239
Email - lmoser@fragassoadvisors.com
Lil embraces her clients and is passionate about guiding them to personal success. She began her career in finance working at a wire house. Lil became vice president and financial advisor at Fragasso Financial Advisors to offer a broader service level to her clients, taking a holistic approach to their success. She is an Accredited Investment Fiduciary and holds her Pennsylvania Insurance licenses, series 7 and 66 securities registrations through LPL Financial. Lil uses forward thinking strategies in managing and monitoring her clients’ portfolios to attempt to remove emotions from the investment process. She believes that as a trusted advisor she must provide exceptional client service through focusing on each client’s needs at every stage of life.
Lil grew up in Peters Township and still lives there raising her family with her husband Kenny. She enjoys spending time with her two daughters and helping mentor the young girls on her youngest daughter’s soccer team on the importance of giving back and contributing to the community.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Brian Robinette AIF®, CRPS®

 







Brian RobinetteVice President
Phone - 412-347-5507 xt 3411
Email - brobinette@fragassoadvisors.com
Brian has been with Fragasso for 17 years. He is a Certified Retirement Plan SpecialistSM and an Accredited Investment Fiduciary®. In Brian’s role as vice president and financial advisor, he meets with clients to discuss their objectives, as well as monitors and manages their investment portfolios, through the implementation of a personalized financial plan and asset modeling.
Brian was raised in Maryland and currently resides in Bethel Park with his family, which includes several dogs and cats. He earned his bachelor’s degree in human resource management from West Virginia University. In his spare time, Brian enjoys just about any physical activity including trail running, cycling, water skiing and snow skiing. Endurance running has become his real passion. He trained for his first marathon, which benefited the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, while his sister was waiting for a lung transplant due to her own battle with the disease. Brian plans to complete an Ironman triathlon and a 50-mile Ultra Marathon.

Certifications: Series 7, 63, and 66 securities licensed 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Chartered Retirement Plan Specialist® 
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Brandon Schwan CFP®, AIF® 

 







Brandon SchwanFinancial Advisor
Phone - 412.227.3219
Email - bschwan@fragassoadvisors.com
Brandon began his career with Fragasso in 2012 as a portfolio manager and now works with clients as a financial advisor. He helps his clients work toward their goals by working directly in the management and monitoring of their investment portfolios through asset modeling and close ongoing communication. Brandon holds his Accredited Investment Fiduciary certification along with his Series 7 through LPL Financial and Series 66 through Fragasso Financial Advisors. Brandon also holds his Pennsylvania Life and Health Insurance license.
Brandon is originally from Harrisburg and earned his bachelor’s degree in business management from Purdue University. He is an ardent football fan, especially when it comes to following his brother Evan, who plays at Penn State.

Certifications: CERTIFIED Financial PLANNER™ Professional
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania











Andrew Silver 

 







Andrew SilverFinancial Advisor/Financial Planning Analyst
Phone - 412-347-5509
Email - asilver@fragassoadvisors.com
Andrew is a financial advisor and financial planning analyst in Fragasso’s South Hills office located near South Hills Village Mall.  He provides financial planning for our clients.  Andrew has a passion for helping others achieve their financial goals.  Before joining Fragasso, Andrew was a financial advisor and licensed banker at PNC Bank where he was consistently recognized as a top sales performer.
Andrew earned his bachelor’s degree from the Pennsylvania State University.  He is originally from Bridgewater, New Jersey, but since college, Andrew calls Pennsylvania home.  He currently resides in Upper St. Clair and enjoys spending time with his wife, Cara, and their son, Henry.  Andrew is an active golfer.  He is actually a former Class A PGA professional.

Certifications: Series 6, 7, and 63 registrations held through LPL Financial; Series 65 registration held through Fragasso Financial Advisors. 
PA Insurance 











William Wolfe CFP®, AIF®

 







William WolfeFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0509 
Email - wwolfe@fragassoadvisors.com
"Helping clients reach their financial planning goals is what I enjoy most. It is rewarding to know that my research can help improve a client's life."
Bill joined Fragasso in 2007 after working with Fragasso as an intern. After graduation, he joined Fragasso as a portfolio manager but has since been promoted to a financial advisor. Bill meets with clients to discuss their objectives, as well as monitors and manages their investment portfolios, through the implementation of a personalized financial plan and asset modeling. He has strong relationships with CPAs, attorneys and banking professionals helping him provide full-scale service to his clients.
Bill was born in Pennsylvania but spent the majority of his childhood in Connecticut. After attending college in Ohio, he moved back to Pittsburgh and has been here since. He earned his bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from the University of Dayton. In his spare time, Bill enjoys working with local charities to help those in need including, Circus Saints and Sinners. Bill is also a Pittsburgh sports fan and attends several Steelers and Pirates game each season.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Portfolio Management and Financial Planning






Michael Godwin CFA

 







Michael GodwinManager of Portfolio Strategy
Phone - 412-227-3254
Email - mgodwin@fragassoadvisors.com
Michael is Fragasso’s manager of portfolio strategy. In this role, Michael is tasked with reviewing, monitoring and providing guidance on the asset allocation strategies in our clients’ portfolios. Michael is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1 Michael has extensive experience focused on portfolio strategy, having spent six years as a trader for a proprietary trading firm specializing in options on the S&P 500 during the turbulent Great Recession. He also worked as an associate portfolio manager for AllianceBernstein in New York City, focused on managing assets for institutional clients within the firm’s Small Cap Value and Low Volatility models.
Michael is a graduate of James Madison University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He is a CFA® Charterholder and he is Series 7 and 66 licensed through LPL Financial. Michael was born and raised in Mt. Lebanon and has lived in Chicago and New York City. In his spare time, Michael enjoys volunteering at UPMC Children’s Hospital. He also loves traveling, having attended the last three World Cup events. Michael has taken his passion for soccer to the field as a coach for the Beadling U12 soccer team.
 

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds. 










Damien Gottschalk 

 







Damien GottschalkFinancial Planning Analyst/Client Services Associate 
Phone - 412-227-3251
Email - dgottschalk@fragassoadvisors.com
Damien works side by side with the financial advisors to develop and deliver customized financial plans to Fragasso’s clients. Damien has over fifteen years of experience in financial services. His career began in retail banking, and over time, he transitioned into an investment advisor at a large financial institution.
Damien is born and raised in Pittsburgh. He joined the Marine Corps immediately after high school and was stationed predominantly on the West Coast. Damien earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration and his master’s degree from Duquesne University. He resides in the south hills of Pittsburgh with his wife, two daughters and their dog.
Damien is passionate about supporting the veteran community. He was involved in hosting a “Mutt Strut” event which resulted in raising over $250k in funding for medical service dogs for veterans with PTSD and other ailments. Damien was recognized as one of Pittsburgh Magazine’s “40 Under 40” in 2015 for his dedication to the veterans community.











Colette Griffith 

 







Colette GriffithPortfolio Administrator
Phone - 412.227.3218
Email - cgriffith@fragassoadvisors.com
“Solving problems and finding answers for clients and my colleagues is the part of my job I find most rewarding.”
Colette began her career at Fragasso as our receptionist. She has since moved on to become a member of the firm’s portfolio management team as a portfolio administrator. She is responsible for maintaining our client database via daily downloads of the firm’s managed portfolios. This entails updating transaction, performance and price files and inputting security classifications and cost basis information into our client database. Colette also handles support issues arising from our client database interface used by our financial advisors and portfolio management team and establishes client access to Wealth Vision and Account View via LPL’s client portal.
Colette has traveled the country as part of her Air Force family. Her son is continuing the family’s military tradition as a member of the U.S. Army Reserves. When Colette isn’t in the office, she enjoys spending time with her family and relaxing with a good book. She also enjoys the outdoors and hiking through local parks and forests.











Matthew Horan 

 







Matthew HoranTrading Administrator
Phone - (412) 227-3216
Email - mhoran@fragassoadvisors.com
Matthew is part of Fragasso’s Portfolio Management department. As the trade administrator, he is responsible for assisting advisors with client trading activities. Matthew is also working toward obtaining his licensing. Prior to joining the team, Matthew worked in retail banking where he focused on sales and customer service.
Matthew is a graduate of Otterbein University with a bachelor’s degree in economics and business administration. He also studied at University College Cork in Ireland. He was born and raised in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and attended Pine-Richland High School.
His hobbies and interests include lacrosse and traveling. Matthew is passionate about helping others. While attending college, he jointly led a philanthropy effort with participants from the Student Athlete Advisory Council, his fraternity and a sorority group. This student project was to benefit the Ronald McDonald House and resulted in the largest impact experienced by the organization to date.











Matthew Karr CFA, MBA

 







Matthew KarrManager of Investment Research
Phone - 412-227-3231
Email - mkarr@fragassoadvisors.com
"I came to Fragasso because I found the personal touch of the business appealing. I'm excited by the opportunity to see tangible impacts of good investment decisions on clients of the firm."
Matthew joined the Fragasso portfolio management team in 2015 as manager of investment research. In this role, Matthew focuses on researching investment opportunities for Fragasso clients, specializing in stock research. He also researches ETFs, mutual funds and fixed-income instruments. Matthew is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
After completing his MBA program, Matthew spent some time with an independent research firm as an equity research analyst, specializing in corporate restructuring events. Matthew provided written investment analysis and stock valuations for the firm’s institutional clientele. Most recently, Matthew worked as an equity research analyst and portfolio manager at a value-focused investment management firm. In these roles, he was responsible for researching new stock ideas for potential inclusion in the firm’s portfolios, and providing ongoing coverage of existing portfolio investments. His work also included economic analysis to inform sector allocation decisions.
Matthew is a native of Pittsburgh’s northern suburbs. He earned his bachelor’s degree in finance from Grove City College and his master’s degree in business administration with a finance concentration from the University of Pittsburgh. Matthew loves to run, play golf and read non-fiction. Most of all, he enjoys spending time with his wife and their dog.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Brianne King CFP®, AIF® 

 







Brianne KingManager of Financial Planning
Phone - 412.227.3214
Email - bking@fragassoadvisors.com
Brianne joined Fragasso in 2003 after working with Fragasso as an intern. She is series 7 and 63 registered through LPL Financial and series 65 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors and also holds her Pennsylvania Life and Health Insurance license. Additionally, Brianne holds her Accredited Investment Fiduciary® certification. Brianne has always enjoyed working with numbers, which is what drew her to a career in finance. As the Manager of Financial Planning, Brianne is a key driver of the Portfolio Management Department, overseeing the construction of financial plans and annual reviews, training new team members, and providing guidance on advanced planning issues. She is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Brianne was born and raised in Pittsburgh and earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration with a concentration in finance from Duquesne University. In her spare time Brianne enjoys taking her dog for long walks and checking out new restaurants and live bands throughout the city.

Certifications: CERTIFIED FINANICAL PLANNER™ Professional
Series 7, and 63 licensed through LPL Financial; Series 65 licensed through Fragasso Financial Advisors
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®

Footnotes: Footnotes:
 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Mallory Labik 

 







Mallory LabikFinancial Planning Analyst with Fragasso Financial Advisors, Sales Assistant with LPL Financial
Phone - 412-227-3217
Email - mlabik@fragassoadvisors.com
“I love the idea of bringing comfort to people about their financial situation.”
Mallory joined Fragasso in September of 2016 as a financial planning analyst. As such, Mallory will assist in the development of financial plans for clients. Prior to her time with Fragasso, Mallory was an investment analyst with a local investment management firm.
A York, Pa. native, Mallory grew up next to a dairy farm where she often woke up to fugitive cows in her back yard. She attended Duquesne University for her undergraduate studies, focusing on finance and investment management. It was during her time there that she fell in love with Pittsburgh. She has since permanently settled into her adopted city. Mallory enjoys running, spending time with her husband and friends, and attempting to cook and bake. She stresses with her signature sense of humor that there is an emphasis on “attempting” to cook and bake.  











Madison Nestor CFA

 







Madison NestorInvestment Analyst
Phone - 412-227-3223
Email - mnestor@fragassoadvisors.com
Madison joined Fragasso in 2015 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management Department. She passed Level III of the CFA Program and was recently awarded the charter upon completion of the required work experience.  Madison is integral to the investment management team by assisting with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis. She is also responsible for reviewing investment strategy, asset allocation and original research.
Madison is originally from the small coal-mining town of Lykens, Pa. and moved to Pittsburgh to get her degree. She liked the area so much she decided to stay. Madison’s desire to learn and understand the complex world of finance and economics has translated well in her current position, researching and analyzing investments for clients. When Madison isn’t researching new investments for Fragasso, she enjoys spending time with family and restoring and renovating her home. She also serves on the board for the Wiconisco Alumni Scholarship Foundation.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 










Cody Mainc 

 







Cody MaincInvestment Analyst, Administrative Associate
Phone - 412-227-3246
Email - cmainc@fragassoadvisors.com
Cody joined Fragasso in 2017 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management department. In this role, he assists with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis in addition to his role as an administrative associate with LPL Financial.
Prior to joining the team, Cody participated in a Rotational Development Program and upon completion, worked as a credit analyst at a large financial institution. In this role, he provided written financial analysis on companies focused in the energy, oil & gas and technology, media and telecom sectors.
Cody is a graduate of Duquesne University with a bachelor’s degree in finance. He was born and raised in Philadelphia where his interest in finance began via starting his own business.  He has also lived in New York City. In his spare time, Cody enjoys playing golf and ice hockey along with spending time with his dog.











Bryan Reft 

 







Bryan ReftFinancial Advisor, Financial Planning Analyst
Phone - 412.227.3208
Email - breft@fragassoadvisors.com 
As one of Fragasso’s financial advisors and planning analysts, Bryan is driven to help clients work towards their financial goals through proper planning. Prior to joining Fragasso in 2016, Bryan worked as a financial advisor for PNC Investments and in the Asset Servicing Department at BNY Mellon.
Bryan earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting/management from the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg. He also earned his master’s degree in business administration with a concentration in international business from Point Park University. He was born and raised in Pittsburgh’s Mt. Washington neighborhood where he lives near his family today. In his spare time, Bryan enjoys traveling, golf and exploring Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods in search of the best coffee shops and restaurants. He also studies Russian with the hope of becoming fluent.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Amy Stover 

 







Amy StoverInsurance Analyst, Client Services Associate
Phone - 412-227-3202
Email - astover@fragassoadvisors.com
Amy works alongside our advanced estate planning and business planning manager to oversee the insurance activities in the firm. Her work as an intermediary with insurance providers positions the firm to offer insurance and risk management solutions as a crucial service to our clients. Amy has grown through the industry, working for both small and large companies in all facets of insurance. This includes general management, marketing, sales, and risk management.  She feels fortunate that she was able to study under many exceptional leaders in the industry, which has kept her driven and inspired to continue growing both personally and professionally. She attended West Liberty University.
Amy is incredibly passionate about animals. She is the Vice President and Shelter Co-Chair with The Jefferson County Humane Society, Jefferson County, Ohio.  She enjoys spending time with her very loyal dog and 2 cats, all of whom she consider to be her “furchildren!”











William Taylor  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 

 







William TaylorAdvanced Estate Planning and Business Planning Manager
Phone - 412-227-3222
Email - wtaylor@fragassoadvisors.com
Bill is Fragasso’s advanced estate planning and business planning manager, assisting Fragasso’s financial advisors to help uncover their clients’ estate planning and business succession needs as part of their holistic financial plan. Bill’s primary role is to act as a support to the advisors and to collaborate with clients’ attorneys, accountants and other advisors to coordinate financial planning strategies. Previously, Bill worked with high net worth clients as a staff attorney at AYCO Company. He also spent time with the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance as well as providing estate and Medicaid planning at a local law firm.
Bill grew up in Framingham, Mass. He joined the Army at 18, during which time he was stationed in Germany and Alabama. He earned his bachelor’s degree in political science from U. Mass at Amherst, his Juris Doctor degree from Western New England College School of Law and his Master of Laws in taxation from Boston University School of Law. After law school, Bill moved to upstate New York and lived there for 12 years before moving to Pittsburgh. He enjoys running with his dogs and doing Crossfit with his wife, Christine. Bill is an avid sports fan and enjoys snowboarding, especially in Telluride, Colo.
 

Certifications:  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 










Rachel Weaver 

 







Rachel WeaverFinancial Planning Analyst 
Phone - 412-227-3234
Email - rweaver@fragassoadvisors.com
Rachel began her career at Fragasso as a client account specialist and has since moved up to the position of portfolio manager. She has always had the drive to help people and has worked in the financial services industry for 5 years.  Rachel finds it extremely rewarding to assist our clients to reaching their financial planning goals.  In that capacity, she is responsible for researching and creating the financial planning analysis alongside financial advisors. Additionally, she provides analysis on insurance needs, education funding and strategic asset allocation.
Rachel enjoys the outdoors and is an avid cyclist, so much so that she rides into the office every day barring frigid temperatures or ice storms.  She regularly competes at the weekly cycling races held at the Bud Harris Cycling Oval in Highland Park and races in Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia and Maryland through the summer and fall.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Marketing






Marsha Posset 

 







Marsha PossetMarketing Manager
Phone - 412-227-3206
Email - mposset@fragassoadvisors.com
Marsha develops and manages the marketing strategies, plan and budget for Fragasso. She oversees the collaboration of a talented marketing team which strives to solidify and promote the Fragasso brand and corporate image throughout all marketing initiatives including advertising, inbound marketing, public relations, website, social media, promotional materials and events. Marsha’s artistic talents and creativity always came naturally to her. She began her career as a graphic designer in print media, and most recently, she spent the past eight years in financial services marketing at a local bank.
Marsha is a graduate of Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc.’s Leadership Development Initiative program, LDI Class XXI. She remains involved with Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc. by serving on their Marketing and Recruitment Committee. Marsha also serves on the Marketing and Events Committee for The Education Partnership, and she’s a board member of the Financial Industries Network.
Marsha is a Pittsburgh native and currently resides in the south hills. Outside of Fragasso, she enjoys spending time with family, friends and her dog, Porter. Her hobbies include yoga, reading and traveling











Jennae Backo 

 







Jennae BackoAssistant Marketing Manager
Phone - 412.227.3238
Email - jbacko@fragassoadvisors.com
Jennae began her career at Fragasso in 2007 and had the opportunity to flex her creative muscles when she joined the Marketing Department in 2008. In her current position she is responsible for various duties including e-mail marketing, inbound marketing, website maintenance, and tracking and analyzing reports. Jennae is also our resident in-house photographer. Her photos have been used extensively on the firm’s social media channels, website blogs, and the staff head shots.
Jennae has always had a passion for art and design and all things creative, earning her bachelor’s degree in fine arts from Robert Morris University. She feels she has the opportunity to combine many of her talents through the work she does for the firm. When she’s not at Fragasso, Jennae enjoys spending time with her family, which includes her two young sons and her Boston Terrier, Elvis. She loves traveling and visited Italy several years ago with her husband, Adam. She also likes to keep her creative side engaged by working on photography and other art projects in her spare time.

Certifications: Hubspot Certified Inbound Marketer










Nadine Kundrod 

 







Nadine KundrodGraphic Designer and Social Media Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3245
Email - nkundrod@fragassoadvisors.com
Nadine supports the marketing department in the areas of graphic design and social media for Fragasso. She flexes her creative abilities by designing a variety of print and digital media projects. Nadine collaborates with multiple departments across the firm to develop content and visual elements for presentations, brochures and The Advisor magazine.
Prior to joining Fragasso, Nadine was a senior graphic designer at a local university. From 2007 through 2016, Nadine has been recognized with thirteen design awards. Her love for art also extends into the areas of home remodeling. She has a passion for interior design and has even completed tiling seven kitchens and bathrooms to date!
Nadine has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Graphic Design from Carlow University. She resides in Saxonburg with her husband, son and two dogs. Nadine looks forward to designing invitations, Christmas cards and future school art projects with her son, Elliot.











Retirement Plan Advisors






Robert Yelenovsky AIF®

 







Robert YelenovskyVice President and Manager Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3249
Email - ryelenovsky@fragassoadvisors.com
"Once I started to focus on the retirement plan space, it became obvious just how little business owners knew about the many options available to them. I feel my role is to show them the possibilities."
Rob started at Fragasso in 2014 and manages the Retirement Plan Advisors Department. The team focuses on working with both businesses and organizations, utilizing plan design, advanced profit sharing methodology, defined benefit and non-qualified compensation strategies to help build and maintain effective retirement programs. He brings with him deep experience in retirement investment strategy, which clients find particularly helpful when analyzing their plans. Rob is qualified in this area, having started in the industry with a national third party administrator (T.P.A) and record-keeper where he specialized in providing 401(k) services to clients. Rob feels that the comprehensive holistic approach that Fragasso uses, including a centralized portfolio management approach across all accounts, a coordinated strategy and one point of contact, puts clients at ease.
Rob grew up in Mt. Washington and joined the Marine Corp at age 20. He traveled the world, living in Hawaii, Japan, Philippines and several states in the continental U.S. He studied literature and pre-law at both Lewis & Clark College and the University of Pittsburgh. He also attended the Community College of Allegheny County, studying business administration. In his spare time Rob enjoys competitive shooting, traveling to the Upper Peninsula, reading and writing and spending time with his wife, his two dogs, family and friends. He also serves on the board of directors for the Young Professionals in Energy.

Certifications: Series 7, 66 & 31 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Life Insurance, Fixed & Variable Annuity Licensed
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Monica Hershberger 

 







Monica HershbergerRetirement Plan and Institutional Asset Analyst/Client Services Associate
Phone - 412-227-3225
Email - mhershberger@fragassoadvisors.com
Monica joined Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors in 2017 as a retirement plan and institutional asset analyst. In this role, Monica supports the department by analyzing retirement plan reports, creating client education opportunities, and writing proposals. Her duties are essential to helping the client relationship managers provide suitable options for our retirement plan clients, and ultimately, their participants.
Monica previously worked in nonprofit development. Throughout her career, she’s assisted in raising over 6.5 million dollars for local nonprofits. Monica continues to devote her time to philanthropy by serving as a volunteer board member of the Nine Mile Run Watershed Association. She also has a passion for gardening and for women’s leadership. In fact, Monica and a friend host a podcast, Shattered Glass, interviewing inspirational women leaders.
Monica, who is an Ohio native, now resides in the east end of Pittsburgh with her husband. She earned a bachelor’s degree in communications from Malone University in Canton, Ohio. Monica feels at home working for a firm like Fragasso where giving back to the community and genuinely caring for our clients is instilled in our culture.











Alexis Miller 

 







Alexis MillerRetirement Account Administrative Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3209
Email - amiller@fragassoadvisors.com
After interning with Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors for two years, Alexis accepted a full time position with the firm as a retirement account administrative specialist. In her role, Alexis administers client documentation and transactions while adhering to compliance and regulatory guidelines. She interacts with all departments and maintains relationships with clients. The importance of financial preparedness was a lesson Alexis was taught throughout her childhood, which has served as her inspiration to help others make informed financial decisions.
Alexis was born and raised just south of Pittsburgh in Peters Township. She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance, with a certificate in financial planning, from Ohio University. In her spare time, Alexis enjoys spending time with family, and she is a dedicated sports fan. Her favorite team is the Pittsburgh Penguins.











Daniel Tatomir 

 







Daniel TatomirClient Relationship Manager Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3242
Email - dtatomir@fragassoadvisors.com
"It’s always been most rewarding to know that, regardless of whether I'm screening mutual funds, leading education seminars or meeting individually with clients, I'm helping people achieve their financial and retirement goals."
Dan is a 15-year veteran of the financial services industry, serving Fragasso as our client relationship manager for the Retirement Plan Advisors Department. He works with existing retirement plan clients and participants to help them achieve their financial goals, serving as the main point of contact for plan trustees. Working with the Portfolio Management Department, he reviews each plan’s investment lineup to ensure they meet the criteria of the plan, making recommendations to change fund options as necessary. Dan also manages and implements participant communication for new and existing plans, including enrollment meetings and participant education presentations.
Dan is a native of Pittsburgh, growing up the South Hills where he currently resides with his wife and their three children. He earned his bachelor’s degree from the University of Pittsburgh with a dual major in business and economics. When he’s not in the office, Dan enjoys fly-fishing, hiking and following his beloved Pitt Panthers.

Certifications: Series 7, 63 and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Accounting and Human Resources






Lindsay Basciotta 

 







Lindsay BasciottaExecutive Assistant and Events Coordinator
Phone - 412-227-3230
Email - lbasciotta@fragassoadvisors.com
Lindsay has been a Fragasso Financial Advisors employee since 2007. Lindsay graduated from Robert Morris University in 2006, with a concentration in visual communications, and a bachelor of Fine Arts degree. She previously held the role of director of first impressions, and her strong desire to develop new skills and learn from those around her made her a prime candidate for her current position executive assistant and events coordinator. In this role, Lindsay assists our CEO, president and department managers. As the executive assistant, she is responsible for planning meetings, event registrations, travel arrangements, tracking annual designation requirements, fulfilling the duty of secretary to the Board of Directors, Investment Committee, and Management Committee. As the events coordinator, Lindsay is responsible for coordinating and planning all Fragasso Financial Advisors events, from start to finish. She truly enjoys every opportunity to use her creative skills that she learned at Robert Morris.
In her spare time, Lindsay enjoys cooking, as well as home improvement projects and spending time with her husband Lou and their sweet Yellow Labrador, Molly.











Terry Dougan 

 







Terry DouganStaff Accountant
Phone - 412-227-3248
Email - tdougan@fragassoadvisors.com
Terry was born and raised in Canada. He began his career in the logging industry in British Columbia.  He worked as a boom man, making log booms on the ocean so tug boats could transport the raw material from the camps to the sawmills. After a logging accident, Terry decided to move his career indoors, deciding to become an accountant.  Terry attended college as an adult, earning his bachelor’s degree from Point Park University. He was named Point Park University’s Outstanding Graduating Student from the School of Business in 2011.  Terry joined Fragasso in 2014 as staff accountant. He handles all daily accounting duties, including accounts payable and receivable, payroll, and updating and maintaining employee files.
When Terry is off duty he enjoys spending time with his wife and their house full of critters, which includes four golden retrievers and two cats.  One of Terry’s dogs, Daisy, is a registered therapy dog and visits with hospice patients and staff.











Christina McCahill 

 







Christina McCahillOperations Administrator
Phone - 412-227-3241
Email - cmccahill@fragassoadvisors.com
Christina joined our firm in 2013, as the director of first impressions.  This position helped to prove her commitment to organization, multi-tasking and outstanding customer service.  In 2016, Christina was promoted, to the operations administrator for Fragasso’s three Pittsburgh offices.  In her role as the operations administrator, she supports the company with IT coordination and facilities management.  This is in addition to assisting the chief financial officer. Christina’s career in the finance world began at a local bank as a financial sales consultant.  Prior to that, she spent over 15 successful years in the retail industry, working in various management positions.  Her background in retail management gave her a very strong customer service background.
Christina currently lives in the South Hills with her husband and their two beautiful cats.  She enjoys traveling, her favorite destination being Aruba.  In her free time, she is an avid movie watcher and bug enthusiast!











Giovanni Morgano 

 







Giovanni MorganoAccounting Analyst
Phone - 412-227-3221
Email - gmorgano@fragassoadvisors.com 
Giovanni joined Fragasso in 2011 as an intern. He has worked with the company throughout his undergraduate and graduate careers, collaborating with nearly every department across the firm. He ultimately transitioned full time to accounting analyst in 2016. In his role, Giovanni analyzes company measurements, including departmental profit/loss and key management metrics that will help drive decisions based on data.
Giovanni was born and raised in Pittsburgh. His father, a native of Italy, came to Pittsburgh when he was 11 years old and instilled a great sense of pride in Giovanni for his Italian heritage. In his spare time, Giovanni enjoys cooking, cars, and spending time with family and friends. He graduated magna cum laude from Duquesne University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He also earned his master’s degree in accountancy from Duquesne University. Giovanni’s talents extend beyond accounting into technology. His team was the first place winner in the Pennsylvania Chapter of Certified Public Accountants’ call to build an app for a better audit. His team’s winning submission focused on internal business controls and segregation of duties.











Client Account Administration






Polly Aites 

 







Polly AitesVice President of Operations
Phone - 412-227-3235
Email - paites@fragassoadvisors.com
"As the vice president of operations, I strive to find efficient ways for the firm to operate so that we can best serve our clients and staff.
Polly has been with Fragasso for more than 12 years and has been instrumental to the firm’s growth. She began her career at the firm as a file clerk before moving into the role of client account specialist. She was promoted to our manager of client account administration in 2010 and vice president of operations in 2016. Polly manages all aspects of account operations and client care, ensuring seamless and proactive care for each client. She oversees various day-to-day operations and a diverse variety of duties, including, but not limited to, assisting in the execution of the firm’s strategic initiatives, continuously enhancing the company’s processes and implementing compliance procedures. Polly is also a member of our management team.
Polly enjoys structuring our Take Your Child to Work program every year. The program provides a great opportunity for the children of employees to learn about our firm and what their parents do for the company every day. Polly moved to Pittsburgh in 2002 from Clarion. She earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration with a specialization in accounting from Clarion University. Prior to Fragasso, Polly worked as a mortgage processor in the mortgage industry. When she’s not in the office, Polly enjoys spending time with her husband Michael, her four children and two grandsons. She enjoys hiking, camping, and traveling with her family.











Brooke Baressi 

 







Brooke BaressiClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3253
Email - bbaressi@fragassoadvisors.com
Brooke joined Fragasso in 2016, bringing nine years of client service experience to her role as client account specialist. In her previous position, Brooke specialized in human resources recruiting role at a large bank, where she also learned the importance of compliance and regulation in the financial services industry. After working for a large organization, Brooke was excited to shift gears and work for a smaller company where she can have a more personal, positive impact on clients.
Born and raised in Moon Township, Brooke is the youngest of three daughters. She loves to spend time with her young niece. Brooke also likes to attend country concerts and Pittsburgh sporting events. She loves to travel, seeing new places and having new experiences. Brooke currently lives in the North Hills. 
 











Lorraine Domhoff 

 







Lorraine DomhoffClient Account Specialist
Phone - 724-940-0506
Email - ldomhoff@fragassoadvisors.com
"The most satisfying aspect of my position is my interaction with clients and meeting their expectations of service by effectively handling their individual requests."
Lorraine has 20 years of experience in the investment, financial services and banking industry.  In her position as client account specialist, Lorraine works with clients processing all administrative functions from opening a new account and transferring assets, to all ongoing servicing of their accounts.   Lorraine also handles processing clients’ requests for outgoing checks and journals while adhering to all compliance guidelines.
 
 

Certifications: Specialist degree – LPL AdminU
Associate degree – LPL AdminU
Bachelor’s degree – LPL AdminU











Bonnie Katz 

 







Bonnie KatzDirector of First Impressions
Phone - 412-227-3200
Email - bkatz@fragassoadvisors.com
Bonnie joined Fragasso as the director of first impressions in 2016. She has passion for superior customer service, something she has the opportunity to fulfill in her role with Fragasso.
Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Bonnie recently returned to the city she calls home after spending 10 years in California and she is delighted to be back. In addition to her responsibilities with Fragasso, Bonnie is a real estate agent licensed in Pennsylvania and California. She truly enjoys helping people in search of a home find that perfect fit.
Bonnie attended Pennsylvania State University. In her spare time, she loves to bake, experience new things and expand her horizons. The world is a big place, constantly offering opportunities to learn something new!











Amila Kostic 

 







Amila KosticClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3215
Email - akostic@fragassoadvisors.com
Amila joined Fragasso in 2014. After working for over 10 years in the banking industry, Amila wanted a change from the corporate world. Fragasso had a small company feel and culture that appealed to her and she enjoys being able to contribute to the company’s and clients’ successes. In her position of client account specialist, Amila works with clients by processing all aspects of administrative paperwork including fund transfers and new and managed account applications. In addition to paperwork, Amila also handles the processing of all outgoing checks and journals, form ordering, mailings and maintenance of client files. Amila, a native of Bosnia, moved to the United States with her family in 1995. She currently lives in Pittsburgh with her husband and two children. She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance with a concentration in communications from the University of Pittsburgh. When Amila isn’t in the office, she enjoys spending time with growing family.











Halle Macerelli 

 







Halle MacerelliClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-347-5508
Email - hmacerelli@fragassoadvisors.com
Halle is a client account specialist at Fragasso’s South Hills office.  In her role, she supports the financial advisors with the daily operations and administrative duties. Halle contributes to the overall effectiveness of the team by providing account maintenance and resolving client needs.  She prides herself on being a people person and enjoys helping her colleagues and clients at Fragasso.
Halle was born and raised in North Huntingdon, PA.  She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance at the University of Pittsburgh.  Halle stays active in her spare time.  She enjoys playing soccer and softball; and if she’s not playing sports, she’s training at the gym.











Kevin Wagner 

 







Kevin WagnerOperations Assistant
Phone - 412.227.3252
Email - kwagner@fragassoadvisors.com
Kevin began his career at Fragasso in 2014 as an intern his junior year of college. In his current role as operations assistant, Kevin provides support to the firm through various tasks including maintaining and organizing daily filing and binding critical documents such as annual reviews, financial plans, RFP’s and proposals.
Kevin was born and raised in Kennedy Township just outside of Pittsburgh. He earned his bachelor’s degree in marketing and sports marketing from Duquesne University. He is an avid sports fan and participates in several recreational sports including hockey and golf.











Amy Winterhalter 

 







Amy WinterhalterOperations Assistant
Phone - 412-227-3212
Email - awinterhalter@fragassoadvisors.com
Amy began working at Fragasso as the administration intern in 2014. She joined the firm full time as the operations assistant in 2017. Amy focuses on the development and administration of the firm’s client management systems. She also spearheads initiatives related to paperless solutions, such as electronic filing and e-signatures.
Amy is a recent graduate of Slippery Rock University where she earned her bachelor’s degree in business management and sustainability. She currently lives in Bethel Park. Amy enjoys reading, yoga, cooking and spending time with family and friends.











Janine Yelenovsky 

 







Janine YelenovskyClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3250
Email - jyelenovsky@fragassoadvisors.com 
As client account specialist for Fragasso, Janine supports the daily operations with administrative duties not only on behalf of the clients, but also the financial advisors. Janine contributes to the overall effectiveness of the team by providing account maintenance, resolving client needs, ensuring compliance with industry guidelines and assisting to ensure a reliable, consistent experience for both prospects and clients. Janine began her career working for the Allegheny County Office of the Medical Examiner as a DNA analyst.
Janine was born and raised in the Pittsburgh area and earned her bachelor’s in biology from Chatham University. When she’s not in the office, she enjoys spending time with her husband and their two dogs.











Mary Ellen Zik 

 







Mary Ellen ZikClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3229
Email - mzik@fragassoadvisors.com
Mary Ellen is a 30-year veteran of the financial services industry, joining Fragasso in 2012 as a client account specialist. She is responsible for working with clients to process all aspects of administrative paperwork including fund transfers and new and managed account applications. Mary Ellen also handles all of the follow-up for outside investment sources. She is a member of the Fragasso Compliance Committee.1
Mary Ellen is a native of Pittsburgh and currently lives in Washington Township with her husband and father. She earned her bachelor’s degree in speech and communications with a minor in business from the University of Pittsburgh. When Mary Ellen isn’t in the office, she enjoys volunteering for her church and spending time outside gardening, reading or relaxing with friends and family in the quiet Westmoreland County countryside.

Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Compliance Committee meets quarterly and has general responsibility to review the compliance and ethics programs, policies and procedures at Fragasso. Each of our departments collaborate and coordinate to ensure that all employees understand and follow important compliance procedures. This ensures that our clients work with a trusted firm, who is compliant with regulatory requirements and works hard to proactively improve all processes.


















 












Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps toward your financial future. A credentialed financial advisor will contact you to have a high-level conversation about your current situation, expectations and needs.



First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.


Get started today







 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content





















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Fragasso Financial Advisors | Investment Planning and Wealth Management


































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login




















 









We focus on your finances along life's journey so you don't have to
We help you propel your financial success.


Wealth Management


Retirement Plan Advisors


Portfolio Management


Nonprofit





 









News Alert : Matthew Karr quoted in Post- Gazette Article: Investors fear for the future of passive investing         



 































 Ask a question
 Listen to our show
 Learn more
 Receive a FREE copy of Robert Fragasso's Book!
 








For You, Your Family and Your Future
Fragasso Financial Advisors is a fee-based investment management and financial planning firm located in Downtown Pittsburgh, PA.

610 Smithfield Street, Suite 400 | Pittsburgh, PA 15222 | 412.227.3200 | Fax: 412.227.3210






Your financial success is the very reason that we are here. And making your experience personal means that we take the time to understand your unique circumstances, responsibilities and risk tolerance.


Once we do, we can craft a personal investment strategy that helps you work towards your ultimate goal of financial success.

Trust Your Financial Security to Fragasso
Read more about our approach




 
















 

Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 45: August 2016







Top 100 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 45: August 2016


Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 45 financial advisor nationally on its 2016 list of Top 100 Independent Wealth Advisors. Fragasso was ranked No.1 financial advisor in Western Pennsylvania and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania.
Barron’s has ranked independent advisors since 2007. The ranking reflects the volume of assets overseen by the advisors and their teams, revenues generated for the firms, assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice, philanthropic work and the quality of the advisors’ practices. The scoring system assigns a top score of 100 and rates the rest by comparing them with the winner.









 

Most Admired CEO







Most Admired CEO


The Pittsburgh Business Times has named Robert Fragasso one of the region’s Most Admired CEO’s and Top Executives for 2016!
Honorees were chosen from a pool of online nominations and determined by an independent panel of judges. Those chosen for the honor have demonstrated vital leadership and customer service philosophy, outstanding employee relationships, contributions to the community and evidence that they have shaped their company’s products or services to help lead their business to success.
 
 









 

America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2016







America’s Top 1,200 Independent Advisors, Ranked No. 1 in Western Pa: Mar 2016


March 9, 2016
Barron’s ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors founder, chairman and CEO Robert Fragasso as the No. 1 financial advisor in Western Pa. and the No. 4 financial advisor in the state of Pennsylvania on its 2016 list of America’s Top 1,200 Financial Advisors.
The rankings are based assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of the practice and philanthropic work. This is the seventh consecutive year Fragasso has been named to the Barron’s top 1,200 list.









 

Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors







Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors


January 28, 2016
Financial Planning ranks Fragasso Financial Advisors as one of the top registered investment advisors in the nation on its 2016 list of Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors.
The 2016 Financial Planning Top 150 Registered Investment Advisors is an independent listing produced by Financial Planning magazine. Discovery Data compiled the rankings based on discretionary and nondiscretionary assets under management listed on the SEC Form ADV.1
1 To capture independent fee-only planning firms, every effort is made to exclude firms with broker-dealer and insurance company affiliations and those with substantial outside ownership stakes held by private equity firms and some outside investors. The list also does not include roll-ups, aggregators or turnkey asset management programs. To capture firms that provide true holistic financial advice to individuals, only firms with 50% or more individual clients, as can be determined through the Form ADV, are included. Subjective review of unusual cases may result in inclusion or exclusion based on factors unique to those firms. As the RIA industry evolves, so does the criteria.









Read more about our awards





 








Where are you on life's journey?

Leaving a Legacy



Taking care of your family and yourself the way you want, either through lifetime gifting or distribution of assets upon death, is better discussed in advance while you are still in favorable health and mind. There can be many complications to an estate, business and legacy if the proper arrangements are not in place. An estate plan will assist you in:

Preserving assets in the event of your incapacity during life
Directing distributions of your assets
Protecting the value of the estate from the costs associated with taxes, professional fees and court costs for the benefit of your heirs
Fulfilling charitable objectives

We are ready to help you.  »





Preparing for Retirement



Can you afford to retire?  Many investors wonder if they have saved enough to help fund a secure retirement or whether their assets will cover their expenses when a health event occurs. A successful retirement strategy requires proper planning and constant attention to make sure you stay on track to achieve your goals.
We are ready to help you.  »





Running a Business



You are in charge of managing your company’s retirement plan so it’s critical that you enlist the right partner. At Fragasso Financial Advisors, we can add extraordinary value for the trustees of your retirement plans by working with you as a team member. In return, you receive the confidence that accompanies quality plan management, monitoring and uncompromised professionalism.
We are ready to help you.  »





Saving for a Child's Education



Funding a child’s education is expensive. Whether you are looking to save for your own children or want to help your grandkids, do you know and understand all of your options?

529 Plans
Uniform Transfer to Minors Act (UTMA) accounts
Coverdell Education Savings accounts

Our financial advisors can help you use the power of time and tax-burden shifting to help fund your child’s education.  It’s never too late to start saving for the future!
We are ready to help you.  »





Life in Transition



Have you recently lost your job?  Are you going through a divorce or have you lost a spouse?  When life as you know it suddenly changes it can be difficult, confusing and scary.  With the help of a trained advisor, you can navigate these kinds of challenges with better peace of mind.
We are ready to help you.  »






 








Our Services







Wealth Management


Learn More









Retirement Plan Advisors


Learn More









Portfolio Management


Learn More









Nonprofit


Learn More




 







Case Studies
Browse TabsNonprofitRetirement Plan AdvisorsWealth Management










Medical services nonprofit addresses vulnerabilities
As a board member or senior staffer with a nonprofit, do you understand your legal fiduciary obligations? With a limited IPS and uncertainty about their liability coverage, this nonprofit client was left vulnerable.
Find out how our process and fiduciary assistance gave everyone better peace of mind















B2B company owner enhances retirement program
As a retirement plan sponsor, working with a low-cost provider can seem like a convenient option to managing a plan. But could you be missing out on some key tax savings or opportunities that are better for you and your employees in the long run?
Learn more about what our review of this plan design uncovered and how we helped














An investor who was unsure about his current financial planning relationship
Imagine the person you trust to manage your money loses tens of thousands of your dollars to make commission. Investors often misunderstand or are simply unaware of the differences between brokers and financial advisors.
Find out how we helped this individual





  








News


 

Jun 1, 2017
Investors Fear for the Future of Passive Investing




 

Nov 17, 2016
CFO of the Year: Christine Erimias


See all news






Blog


 

July 19, 2017
Consensus Trades




 

April 4, 2017
The No.1 Rule of Teaching Kids About Saving:  Start Early


See all blog posts



 








About Fragasso

From the very first interaction you have with us, your experience will be personalized, professional, and exceptional. Your goals are our goals. Your concerns are our concerns..

Find out more about the Fragasso Client Experience



Client-Only Content

As a Fragasso client, you have access to exclusive content created just for you that takes an in-depth look at the issues facing investors today. 

Read more about client-only content




 










You like what you've seen. What's next?




First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.










 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content
























ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Our Team | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso • Staff 















Fragasso Staff 
With more than 40 employees and over 100 years of combined experience, the Fragasso team looks forward to helping you reach your financial goals.
 

 



















Executive Team






Robert Fragasso CFP® , AIF® 

 







Robert FragassoChairman and Chief Executive Officer
Phone - 412-227-3220
Email - rfragasso@fragassoadvisors.com
"You can truly accomplish your life's goals if they are fashioned in the context of a solidly constructed financial plan.  The answer is to take your life's direction and the success into your own hands.  We are here to help and will continue to ever increasingly refine our quality of service."
With more than four decades of experience in the investment management and financial planning fields, Bob leads Fragasso Financial Advisors as chairman and chief executive officer. He has combined his experience in the industry with his entrepreneurial spirit, carefully constructing a vision that has positioned the firm for growth and longevity. He has paid particular attention to refining the firm’s processes and systems in order to make the inner workings of the company extremely efficient, including rigorous investment management processes and personalized financial planning for each client devoid of proprietary product bias.  Bob has put a highly evolved management team in place in order to provide unparalleled quality assurance and perpetuity for the firm. Bob also serves as a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee1 and on our management team. He is a certified financial planner™ professional.
Bob has been honored by many national and local organizations including Barron’s Magazine and was named the “2015 Veteran of the Year” by the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA. He has shared his entrepreneurial wisdom in his book, Starting Your Own Practice: The Independence Guide for Professional Service Providers and is frequently asked for his investment insights by local and national media, including Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Pittsburgh Business Times, Wall Street Journal, WSJ.com and Forbes.com among others.
Bob is the son of immigrant parents and grew up in the inner city of Pittsburgh. His love for investment management began early when he saved his earnings from his paper route to purchase mutual funds, which he later used to buy his first home. Bob earned his bachelor’s degree from Duquesne University and served in the U.S. Marine Corps. He is a vocal advocate for veterans. Bob may be best known for his tireless commitment to animal welfare in the region. He serves on many boards including Animal Friends, LaRoche College, Pennsylvania Economy League of Southwestern Pennsylvania and the Veterans Advisory Board for Duquesne University.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary® 
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Daniel Dingus AIF®, MBA

 







Daniel DingusPresident, Executive Director of Portfolio Management
Phone - 412-227-3236
Email - ddingus@fragassoadvisors.com
"We believe clients find comfort in understanding the way we think about their investments. We make our process and communication transparent so that clients can easily understand the work we do on their behalf."
Daniel joined Fragasso within the portfolio management department in 2007. His first role with the firm was as portfolio manager. He was later promoted to director of portfolio management and now serves as the president for Fragasso. In this role, Daniel oversees the development and implementation of the firm’s strategic direction across each department. As chair of the Investment Committee,1 he ultimately oversees the Portfolio Management Department and is involved in many aspects of the decision making and strategic perspectives on the investment side of the firm. Having served as a portfolio manager and as director of portfolio management, Daniel has deep experience with both the strategy and tactics necessary to achieve the firm’s investment management goals. Daniel began his career in the financial services industry more than 20 years ago, working as a trust operations officer for a local bank. Prior to his time with Fragasso, Daniel was part of an investment research team and was instrumental in the management of over $10 billion in institutional assets for retirement plans, endowments and foundations.
Daniel has always had a true passion for financial services and in particular portfolio management, proudly proclaiming himself a portfolio enthusiast. His passion, knowledge and high ethical standards have helped establish his reputation in the industry. He is driven every day to make a difference in the lives of our clients, and inspires the staff at Fragasso to do the same. Daniel also serves as a member of our management team.
Daniel is native to Pittsburgh, having grown up in the city’s Beechview neighborhood. He earned his bachelor’s degree and his M.B.A. from Duquesne University. He remains in the city to this day and enjoys staying active through various outdoor activities, golf notwithstanding. Daniel is passionate about giving back to the community, serving on various nonprofit boards including the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA and the Pittsburgh Society of Investment Professionals. He was also selected as one of 50 Distinguished Alumni of Community College of Allegheny County.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Passed Level I CFA® exam
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania

Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors, meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Christine Erimias 

 







Christine ErimiasChief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
Phone - 412.227.3237
Email - cerimias@fragassoadvisors.com
"The energy and enthusiasm within my workplace makes me want to strive even harder for our clients and employees."
Christine joined Fragasso as controller  in 2013 after heading up a successful home health care agency as its chief operations officer. She was quickly promoted from controller to chief financial officer. Christine is responsible for the firm’s accounting and financial functions including budgets, forecasts, reporting and fiscal responsibilities. During her time at Fragasso she has streamlined accounting functions and protocols.  She also manages all the human resource functions of the firm and prides herself on open communication and transparency in order to create an enjoyable work environment for the Fragasso team. Christine is a member of the management team.
Christine attended Penn State University’s main campus and earned her bachelor’s degree in accounting. In her spare time, she enjoys spending quiet time at Indian Lake with her husband, David and their three children.











Financial Advisors






Gregg Daily AIF®

 







Gregg DailyManager, Investment Advisory Services
Phone - 412-227-3213
Email - gdaily@fragassoadvisors.com
Having worked for years in investment management and having served on numerous boards of directors and local government committees, Gregg’s investment advisory work is focused on nonprofits, institutional clients and municipalities. He, along with our Nonprofit Advisory Services team, partner with clients to crystallize goals and desired outcomes, bringing a focus on preserving and growing investment assets. As an independent investment advisor we adhere to the fiduciary standard, acting with a duty of loyalty and care, and always in our clients best interests. Gregg has worked with many types of organizations, including human services, the arts, industry groups and municipalities. His experiences both as a board member and an independent investment advisor have given him an appreciation for the joys and challenges that organizations face and a sense of purpose in helping our partners fulfill their fiduciary responsibilities. Gregg is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Gregg was born and raised in Pittsburgh. He currently lives in Jefferson Hills with his wife and their three children. He serves on the board for Chatham Baroque and the Jefferson Hills Economic Development Commission. In his spare time, Gregg enjoys spending time with his family.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










James Danko AIF®

 







James DankoVice President & Chief Compliance Officer
Phone - 412.227.3207
Email - jdanko@fragassoadvisors.com
Jim has over 18 years experience in the financial services industry and currently serves as our chief compliance officer. As CCO, Jim is primarily responsible for overseeing and managing compliance, ensuring that Fragasso and its employees are meeting regulatory requirements and following established internal policies and procedures. He is an Accredited Investment Fiduciary and holds his series 7, 63, 65 and 24 licenses through LPL Financial. Jim is also a member of the Fragasso Compliance Committee.1
Jim was born and raised in the Pittsburgh area and currently resides in Jefferson Hills with his wife and two children. He earned his master’s in business administration from Point Park University and his bachelor’s from Thiel College. In his spare time, Jim enjoys spending time with his family and is a wrestling official with the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7, 63, 65 and 24 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Compliance Committee meets quarterly and has general responsibility to review the compliance and ethics programs, policies and procedures at Fragasso.  Our departments collaborate and coordinate to ensure that all employees understand and follow important compliance procedures.  This ensures that our clients work with a trusted firm, who is compliant with regulatory requirements and works hard to proactively improve all processes.  










T.J. Drost CFP®, CFS®, AIF®

 







T.J. DrostFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0502
Email - tdrost@fragassoadvisors.com
T.J. knew he wanted to be a financial advisor from a young age. When his father passed away unexpectedly while T.J. was in college, his father’s financial advisor was there to reassure the family that they would remain financially sound. The comprehensive planning his father and his financial advisor had done prior to his passing helped relieve any doubts they had about their family’s future.
For more than 18 years T.J. has spent his professional career helping others achieve that same kind of security in their financial future. Born and raised in Altoona, Pa., T.J. began his career in Philadelphia as a senior financial consultant where he was responsible for the top 2 percent of his employer’s ultra-high net worth clientele. He moved to Pittsburgh in 2005, continuing his career as a director of client services and then as a financial advisor. T.J. joined Fragasso Financial Advisors as a financial advisor in 2015. He is responsible for working directly with clients in the ongoing management and monitoring of their investment portfolios. This includes regular review meetings, implementation of financial plans and ongoing communication. By developing a personal relationship and discovering what the client is passionate about, he utilizes this motivation to help his clients work towards both their personal and financial goals.
T.J. earned his bachelor’s degree in business management from Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional and a Certified Fund Specialist®. T.J. is also a member of the Financial Planning Association. He currently resides in Upper St. Clair with his family. In his spare time he enjoys getting outdoors to fish, hike and camp. He is an avid reader and, of course, he’s a Pittsburgh sports fan. But most importantly, T.J. loves spending time with his wife, Chrissy and their two daughters.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Certified Fund Specialist®
Series 6, 7, 63 and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Michael Fertig AIF®

 







Michael FertigVice President
Phone - 412-227-3240
Email - mfertig@fragassoadvisors.com
"One of my first observations as a young financial advisor more than 20 years ago was how significant of an impact a good financial planner can have on people's lives."
Michael has been in the investment industry for over 20 years. He works at Fragasso as a financial advisor, managing and monitoring client investment portfolios. His key responsibilities include the creation and implementation of financial plans, asset modeling, review meetings and ongoing client dialogue and communications. 
Michael was born and raised in Bethel Park where he currently resides with his wife and their two children. He earned his bachelor’s degree in political arts from Slippery Rock University. In his spare time, Michael enjoys spending time with his family, particularly when he gets to cheer on his kids at their high school and college sporting events. He is also active in the animal rescue community and has rescued many dogs and cats.

Certifications: Series 7, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®










Kerry A. Kelly, Jr. 

 







Kerry A. Kelly, Jr.Financial Advisor
Phone - 412-227-3224
Email - mailto:kkelly@fragassoadvisors.com
Kerry is a financial advisor at Fragasso. He has been in the financial services industry for eighteen years. Kerry began his career as an investment management analyst at Smith Barney. His strong analytical background enables Kerry to truly understand his clients’ goals. Helping individuals and families work toward financial security is a truly rewarding experience for Kerry.
Kerry is native to Pittsburgh, and he currently resides in Allison Park with his wife. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Pennsylvania State University in economics. He recently completed his M.B.A. from Waynesburg University. Kerry’s hobbies consist of golfing, skiing and spending time with family and friends.

Certifications: Series 7 registered through LPL Financial
Series 66 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania











Karen Lapina CFP®, AIF® 

 







Karen LapinaVice President
Phone - 412-227-3226
Email - klapina@fragassoadvisors.com
"I enjoy working with members of the Pittsburgh business and medical communities, helping them understand our financial planning process and how we can help them reach their financial goals."
Karen has been in the financial services industry for more than 25 years and is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional. Karen’s desire to help others with their financial goals began when she saw her own parents struggle with their personal finances as they worked hard to build a small business. Karen firmly believes if her parents had a good advisor through it all, they would not have been as stressed about the process and their lives may have been a bit easier.
Right out of college, she started working for a large mutual fund company then moved to an insurance company in their pension services division. Her career at Fragasso began by working in and then managing our financial planning operations. She was responsible for implementing the Wealth Vision Planning system that we currently use to create comprehensive financial planning schedules for both clients and prospects. In her current role as financial advisor, Karen works with clients to help them formulate and execute a plan specific to their situation to help them reach their financial goals. She works closely with our Portfolio Management Department to develop a customized portfolio that conforms to their personal financial plan. Karen is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Karen grew up in the Pittsburgh suburbs and earned her bachelor’s in finance from Drexel University in Philadelphia. She enjoys spending time with her husband and three children in her spare time. She is also a member of Familylinks Foundation Board, which, together with the Familylinks organization, assists children and adults living with a disability or an unfortunate circumstance.

Certifications: CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional 
Series 7, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors, meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds. 










Andrew Madden 

 







Andrew MaddenFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0505
Email - amadden@fragassoadvisors.com
Andrew is a financial advisor and financial planning analyst in Fragasso’s North Hills office located in Wexford. As a child, Andrew’s parents instilled in him the importance of helping others, which ultimately led him to become a financial advisor. Andrew feels rewarded by helping his clients build a solid financial future for themselves and for their family. He has over ten years of experience in financial services and holds several certifications, such as: Accredited Wealth Management Advisor and Accredited Investment Fiduciary.
Andrew earned his bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He was born and raised in North Fayette Township and currently resides in Hampton Township with his wife, Christina, and their four dogs. Andrew has fond memories of meeting Mario Lemieux when he was just ten years old. He’s been an avid fan of the Pittsburgh Penguins ever since.

Certifications: Series 6, 7, and 63 securities registered through LPL Financial. 
Series 65 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors.  PA Insurance, Accredited Wealth Management Advisor (AWMA), and Accredited Investment Fiduciary (AIF) 











Liliann Moser AIF®

 







Liliann MoserVice President Fragasso Investment Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3239
Email - lmoser@fragassoadvisors.com
Lil embraces her clients and is passionate about guiding them to personal success. She began her career in finance working at a wire house. Lil became vice president and financial advisor at Fragasso Financial Advisors to offer a broader service level to her clients, taking a holistic approach to their success. She is an Accredited Investment Fiduciary and holds her Pennsylvania Insurance licenses, series 7 and 66 securities registrations through LPL Financial. Lil uses forward thinking strategies in managing and monitoring her clients’ portfolios to attempt to remove emotions from the investment process. She believes that as a trusted advisor she must provide exceptional client service through focusing on each client’s needs at every stage of life.
Lil grew up in Peters Township and still lives there raising her family with her husband Kenny. She enjoys spending time with her two daughters and helping mentor the young girls on her youngest daughter’s soccer team on the importance of giving back and contributing to the community.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Brian Robinette AIF®, CRPS®

 







Brian RobinetteVice President
Phone - 412-347-5507 xt 3411
Email - brobinette@fragassoadvisors.com
Brian has been with Fragasso for 17 years. He is a Certified Retirement Plan SpecialistSM and an Accredited Investment Fiduciary®. In Brian’s role as vice president and financial advisor, he meets with clients to discuss their objectives, as well as monitors and manages their investment portfolios, through the implementation of a personalized financial plan and asset modeling.
Brian was raised in Maryland and currently resides in Bethel Park with his family, which includes several dogs and cats. He earned his bachelor’s degree in human resource management from West Virginia University. In his spare time, Brian enjoys just about any physical activity including trail running, cycling, water skiing and snow skiing. Endurance running has become his real passion. He trained for his first marathon, which benefited the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, while his sister was waiting for a lung transplant due to her own battle with the disease. Brian plans to complete an Ironman triathlon and a 50-mile Ultra Marathon.

Certifications: Series 7, 63, and 66 securities licensed 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Chartered Retirement Plan Specialist® 
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Brandon Schwan CFP®, AIF® 

 







Brandon SchwanFinancial Advisor
Phone - 412.227.3219
Email - bschwan@fragassoadvisors.com
Brandon began his career with Fragasso in 2012 as a portfolio manager and now works with clients as a financial advisor. He helps his clients work toward their goals by working directly in the management and monitoring of their investment portfolios through asset modeling and close ongoing communication. Brandon holds his Accredited Investment Fiduciary certification along with his Series 7 through LPL Financial and Series 66 through Fragasso Financial Advisors. Brandon also holds his Pennsylvania Life and Health Insurance license.
Brandon is originally from Harrisburg and earned his bachelor’s degree in business management from Purdue University. He is an ardent football fan, especially when it comes to following his brother Evan, who plays at Penn State.

Certifications: CERTIFIED Financial PLANNER™ Professional
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania











Andrew Silver 

 







Andrew SilverFinancial Advisor/Financial Planning Analyst
Phone - 412-347-5509
Email - asilver@fragassoadvisors.com
Andrew is a financial advisor and financial planning analyst in Fragasso’s South Hills office located near South Hills Village Mall.  He provides financial planning for our clients.  Andrew has a passion for helping others achieve their financial goals.  Before joining Fragasso, Andrew was a financial advisor and licensed banker at PNC Bank where he was consistently recognized as a top sales performer.
Andrew earned his bachelor’s degree from the Pennsylvania State University.  He is originally from Bridgewater, New Jersey, but since college, Andrew calls Pennsylvania home.  He currently resides in Upper St. Clair and enjoys spending time with his wife, Cara, and their son, Henry.  Andrew is an active golfer.  He is actually a former Class A PGA professional.

Certifications: Series 6, 7, and 63 registrations held through LPL Financial; Series 65 registration held through Fragasso Financial Advisors. 
PA Insurance 











William Wolfe CFP®, AIF®

 







William WolfeFinancial Advisor
Phone - 724-940-0509 
Email - wwolfe@fragassoadvisors.com
"Helping clients reach their financial planning goals is what I enjoy most. It is rewarding to know that my research can help improve a client's life."
Bill joined Fragasso in 2007 after working with Fragasso as an intern. After graduation, he joined Fragasso as a portfolio manager but has since been promoted to a financial advisor. Bill meets with clients to discuss their objectives, as well as monitors and manages their investment portfolios, through the implementation of a personalized financial plan and asset modeling. He has strong relationships with CPAs, attorneys and banking professionals helping him provide full-scale service to his clients.
Bill was born in Pennsylvania but spent the majority of his childhood in Connecticut. After attending college in Ohio, he moved back to Pittsburgh and has been here since. He earned his bachelor’s degree in finance and economics from the University of Dayton. In his spare time, Bill enjoys working with local charities to help those in need including, Circus Saints and Sinners. Bill is also a Pittsburgh sports fan and attends several Steelers and Pirates game each season.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Portfolio Management and Financial Planning






Michael Godwin CFA

 







Michael GodwinManager of Portfolio Strategy
Phone - 412-227-3254
Email - mgodwin@fragassoadvisors.com
Michael is Fragasso’s manager of portfolio strategy. In this role, Michael is tasked with reviewing, monitoring and providing guidance on the asset allocation strategies in our clients’ portfolios. Michael is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1 Michael has extensive experience focused on portfolio strategy, having spent six years as a trader for a proprietary trading firm specializing in options on the S&P 500 during the turbulent Great Recession. He also worked as an associate portfolio manager for AllianceBernstein in New York City, focused on managing assets for institutional clients within the firm’s Small Cap Value and Low Volatility models.
Michael is a graduate of James Madison University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He is a CFA® Charterholder and he is Series 7 and 66 licensed through LPL Financial. Michael was born and raised in Mt. Lebanon and has lived in Chicago and New York City. In his spare time, Michael enjoys volunteering at UPMC Children’s Hospital. He also loves traveling, having attended the last three World Cup events. Michael has taken his passion for soccer to the field as a coach for the Beadling U12 soccer team.
 

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds. 










Damien Gottschalk 

 







Damien GottschalkFinancial Planning Analyst/Client Services Associate 
Phone - 412-227-3251
Email - dgottschalk@fragassoadvisors.com
Damien works side by side with the financial advisors to develop and deliver customized financial plans to Fragasso’s clients. Damien has over fifteen years of experience in financial services. His career began in retail banking, and over time, he transitioned into an investment advisor at a large financial institution.
Damien is born and raised in Pittsburgh. He joined the Marine Corps immediately after high school and was stationed predominantly on the West Coast. Damien earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration and his master’s degree from Duquesne University. He resides in the south hills of Pittsburgh with his wife, two daughters and their dog.
Damien is passionate about supporting the veteran community. He was involved in hosting a “Mutt Strut” event which resulted in raising over $250k in funding for medical service dogs for veterans with PTSD and other ailments. Damien was recognized as one of Pittsburgh Magazine’s “40 Under 40” in 2015 for his dedication to the veterans community.











Colette Griffith 

 







Colette GriffithPortfolio Administrator
Phone - 412.227.3218
Email - cgriffith@fragassoadvisors.com
“Solving problems and finding answers for clients and my colleagues is the part of my job I find most rewarding.”
Colette began her career at Fragasso as our receptionist. She has since moved on to become a member of the firm’s portfolio management team as a portfolio administrator. She is responsible for maintaining our client database via daily downloads of the firm’s managed portfolios. This entails updating transaction, performance and price files and inputting security classifications and cost basis information into our client database. Colette also handles support issues arising from our client database interface used by our financial advisors and portfolio management team and establishes client access to Wealth Vision and Account View via LPL’s client portal.
Colette has traveled the country as part of her Air Force family. Her son is continuing the family’s military tradition as a member of the U.S. Army Reserves. When Colette isn’t in the office, she enjoys spending time with her family and relaxing with a good book. She also enjoys the outdoors and hiking through local parks and forests.











Matthew Horan 

 







Matthew HoranTrading Administrator
Phone - (412) 227-3216
Email - mhoran@fragassoadvisors.com
Matthew is part of Fragasso’s Portfolio Management department. As the trade administrator, he is responsible for assisting advisors with client trading activities. Matthew is also working toward obtaining his licensing. Prior to joining the team, Matthew worked in retail banking where he focused on sales and customer service.
Matthew is a graduate of Otterbein University with a bachelor’s degree in economics and business administration. He also studied at University College Cork in Ireland. He was born and raised in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and attended Pine-Richland High School.
His hobbies and interests include lacrosse and traveling. Matthew is passionate about helping others. While attending college, he jointly led a philanthropy effort with participants from the Student Athlete Advisory Council, his fraternity and a sorority group. This student project was to benefit the Ronald McDonald House and resulted in the largest impact experienced by the organization to date.











Matthew Karr CFA, MBA

 







Matthew KarrManager of Investment Research
Phone - 412-227-3231
Email - mkarr@fragassoadvisors.com
"I came to Fragasso because I found the personal touch of the business appealing. I'm excited by the opportunity to see tangible impacts of good investment decisions on clients of the firm."
Matthew joined the Fragasso portfolio management team in 2015 as manager of investment research. In this role, Matthew focuses on researching investment opportunities for Fragasso clients, specializing in stock research. He also researches ETFs, mutual funds and fixed-income instruments. Matthew is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
After completing his MBA program, Matthew spent some time with an independent research firm as an equity research analyst, specializing in corporate restructuring events. Matthew provided written investment analysis and stock valuations for the firm’s institutional clientele. Most recently, Matthew worked as an equity research analyst and portfolio manager at a value-focused investment management firm. In these roles, he was responsible for researching new stock ideas for potential inclusion in the firm’s portfolios, and providing ongoing coverage of existing portfolio investments. His work also included economic analysis to inform sector allocation decisions.
Matthew is a native of Pittsburgh’s northern suburbs. He earned his bachelor’s degree in finance from Grove City College and his master’s degree in business administration with a finance concentration from the University of Pittsburgh. Matthew loves to run, play golf and read non-fiction. Most of all, he enjoys spending time with his wife and their dog.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Brianne King CFP®, AIF® 

 







Brianne KingManager of Financial Planning
Phone - 412.227.3214
Email - bking@fragassoadvisors.com
Brianne joined Fragasso in 2003 after working with Fragasso as an intern. She is series 7 and 63 registered through LPL Financial and series 65 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors and also holds her Pennsylvania Life and Health Insurance license. Additionally, Brianne holds her Accredited Investment Fiduciary® certification. Brianne has always enjoyed working with numbers, which is what drew her to a career in finance. As the Manager of Financial Planning, Brianne is a key driver of the Portfolio Management Department, overseeing the construction of financial plans and annual reviews, training new team members, and providing guidance on advanced planning issues. She is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Brianne was born and raised in Pittsburgh and earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration with a concentration in finance from Duquesne University. In her spare time Brianne enjoys taking her dog for long walks and checking out new restaurants and live bands throughout the city.

Certifications: CERTIFIED FINANICAL PLANNER™ Professional
Series 7, and 63 licensed through LPL Financial; Series 65 licensed through Fragasso Financial Advisors
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®

Footnotes: Footnotes:
 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Mallory Labik 

 







Mallory LabikFinancial Planning Analyst with Fragasso Financial Advisors, Sales Assistant with LPL Financial
Phone - 412-227-3217
Email - mlabik@fragassoadvisors.com
“I love the idea of bringing comfort to people about their financial situation.”
Mallory joined Fragasso in September of 2016 as a financial planning analyst. As such, Mallory will assist in the development of financial plans for clients. Prior to her time with Fragasso, Mallory was an investment analyst with a local investment management firm.
A York, Pa. native, Mallory grew up next to a dairy farm where she often woke up to fugitive cows in her back yard. She attended Duquesne University for her undergraduate studies, focusing on finance and investment management. It was during her time there that she fell in love with Pittsburgh. She has since permanently settled into her adopted city. Mallory enjoys running, spending time with her husband and friends, and attempting to cook and bake. She stresses with her signature sense of humor that there is an emphasis on “attempting” to cook and bake.  











Madison Nestor CFA

 







Madison NestorInvestment Analyst
Phone - 412-227-3223
Email - mnestor@fragassoadvisors.com
Madison joined Fragasso in 2015 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management Department. She passed Level III of the CFA Program and was recently awarded the charter upon completion of the required work experience.  Madison is integral to the investment management team by assisting with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis. She is also responsible for reviewing investment strategy, asset allocation and original research.
Madison is originally from the small coal-mining town of Lykens, Pa. and moved to Pittsburgh to get her degree. She liked the area so much she decided to stay. Madison’s desire to learn and understand the complex world of finance and economics has translated well in her current position, researching and analyzing investments for clients. When Madison isn’t researching new investments for Fragasso, she enjoys spending time with family and restoring and renovating her home. She also serves on the board for the Wiconisco Alumni Scholarship Foundation.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 










Cody Mainc 

 







Cody MaincInvestment Analyst, Administrative Associate
Phone - 412-227-3246
Email - cmainc@fragassoadvisors.com
Cody joined Fragasso in 2017 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management department. In this role, he assists with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis in addition to his role as an administrative associate with LPL Financial.
Prior to joining the team, Cody participated in a Rotational Development Program and upon completion, worked as a credit analyst at a large financial institution. In this role, he provided written financial analysis on companies focused in the energy, oil & gas and technology, media and telecom sectors.
Cody is a graduate of Duquesne University with a bachelor’s degree in finance. He was born and raised in Philadelphia where his interest in finance began via starting his own business.  He has also lived in New York City. In his spare time, Cody enjoys playing golf and ice hockey along with spending time with his dog.











Bryan Reft 

 







Bryan ReftFinancial Advisor, Financial Planning Analyst
Phone - 412.227.3208
Email - breft@fragassoadvisors.com 
As one of Fragasso’s financial advisors and planning analysts, Bryan is driven to help clients work towards their financial goals through proper planning. Prior to joining Fragasso in 2016, Bryan worked as a financial advisor for PNC Investments and in the Asset Servicing Department at BNY Mellon.
Bryan earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting/management from the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg. He also earned his master’s degree in business administration with a concentration in international business from Point Park University. He was born and raised in Pittsburgh’s Mt. Washington neighborhood where he lives near his family today. In his spare time, Bryan enjoys traveling, golf and exploring Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods in search of the best coffee shops and restaurants. He also studies Russian with the hope of becoming fluent.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Amy Stover 

 







Amy StoverInsurance Analyst, Client Services Associate
Phone - 412-227-3202
Email - astover@fragassoadvisors.com
Amy works alongside our advanced estate planning and business planning manager to oversee the insurance activities in the firm. Her work as an intermediary with insurance providers positions the firm to offer insurance and risk management solutions as a crucial service to our clients. Amy has grown through the industry, working for both small and large companies in all facets of insurance. This includes general management, marketing, sales, and risk management.  She feels fortunate that she was able to study under many exceptional leaders in the industry, which has kept her driven and inspired to continue growing both personally and professionally. She attended West Liberty University.
Amy is incredibly passionate about animals. She is the Vice President and Shelter Co-Chair with The Jefferson County Humane Society, Jefferson County, Ohio.  She enjoys spending time with her very loyal dog and 2 cats, all of whom she consider to be her “furchildren!”











William Taylor  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 

 







William TaylorAdvanced Estate Planning and Business Planning Manager
Phone - 412-227-3222
Email - wtaylor@fragassoadvisors.com
Bill is Fragasso’s advanced estate planning and business planning manager, assisting Fragasso’s financial advisors to help uncover their clients’ estate planning and business succession needs as part of their holistic financial plan. Bill’s primary role is to act as a support to the advisors and to collaborate with clients’ attorneys, accountants and other advisors to coordinate financial planning strategies. Previously, Bill worked with high net worth clients as a staff attorney at AYCO Company. He also spent time with the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance as well as providing estate and Medicaid planning at a local law firm.
Bill grew up in Framingham, Mass. He joined the Army at 18, during which time he was stationed in Germany and Alabama. He earned his bachelor’s degree in political science from U. Mass at Amherst, his Juris Doctor degree from Western New England College School of Law and his Master of Laws in taxation from Boston University School of Law. After law school, Bill moved to upstate New York and lived there for 12 years before moving to Pittsburgh. He enjoys running with his dogs and doing Crossfit with his wife, Christine. Bill is an avid sports fan and enjoys snowboarding, especially in Telluride, Colo.
 

Certifications:  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 










Rachel Weaver 

 







Rachel WeaverFinancial Planning Analyst 
Phone - 412-227-3234
Email - rweaver@fragassoadvisors.com
Rachel began her career at Fragasso as a client account specialist and has since moved up to the position of portfolio manager. She has always had the drive to help people and has worked in the financial services industry for 5 years.  Rachel finds it extremely rewarding to assist our clients to reaching their financial planning goals.  In that capacity, she is responsible for researching and creating the financial planning analysis alongside financial advisors. Additionally, she provides analysis on insurance needs, education funding and strategic asset allocation.
Rachel enjoys the outdoors and is an avid cyclist, so much so that she rides into the office every day barring frigid temperatures or ice storms.  She regularly competes at the weekly cycling races held at the Bud Harris Cycling Oval in Highland Park and races in Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia and Maryland through the summer and fall.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Marketing






Marsha Posset 

 







Marsha PossetMarketing Manager
Phone - 412-227-3206
Email - mposset@fragassoadvisors.com
Marsha develops and manages the marketing strategies, plan and budget for Fragasso. She oversees the collaboration of a talented marketing team which strives to solidify and promote the Fragasso brand and corporate image throughout all marketing initiatives including advertising, inbound marketing, public relations, website, social media, promotional materials and events. Marsha’s artistic talents and creativity always came naturally to her. She began her career as a graphic designer in print media, and most recently, she spent the past eight years in financial services marketing at a local bank.
Marsha is a graduate of Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc.’s Leadership Development Initiative program, LDI Class XXI. She remains involved with Leadership Pittsburgh, Inc. by serving on their Marketing and Recruitment Committee. Marsha also serves on the Marketing and Events Committee for The Education Partnership, and she’s a board member of the Financial Industries Network.
Marsha is a Pittsburgh native and currently resides in the south hills. Outside of Fragasso, she enjoys spending time with family, friends and her dog, Porter. Her hobbies include yoga, reading and traveling











Jennae Backo 

 







Jennae BackoAssistant Marketing Manager
Phone - 412.227.3238
Email - jbacko@fragassoadvisors.com
Jennae began her career at Fragasso in 2007 and had the opportunity to flex her creative muscles when she joined the Marketing Department in 2008. In her current position she is responsible for various duties including e-mail marketing, inbound marketing, website maintenance, and tracking and analyzing reports. Jennae is also our resident in-house photographer. Her photos have been used extensively on the firm’s social media channels, website blogs, and the staff head shots.
Jennae has always had a passion for art and design and all things creative, earning her bachelor’s degree in fine arts from Robert Morris University. She feels she has the opportunity to combine many of her talents through the work she does for the firm. When she’s not at Fragasso, Jennae enjoys spending time with her family, which includes her two young sons and her Boston Terrier, Elvis. She loves traveling and visited Italy several years ago with her husband, Adam. She also likes to keep her creative side engaged by working on photography and other art projects in her spare time.

Certifications: Hubspot Certified Inbound Marketer










Nadine Kundrod 

 







Nadine KundrodGraphic Designer and Social Media Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3245
Email - nkundrod@fragassoadvisors.com
Nadine supports the marketing department in the areas of graphic design and social media for Fragasso. She flexes her creative abilities by designing a variety of print and digital media projects. Nadine collaborates with multiple departments across the firm to develop content and visual elements for presentations, brochures and The Advisor magazine.
Prior to joining Fragasso, Nadine was a senior graphic designer at a local university. From 2007 through 2016, Nadine has been recognized with thirteen design awards. Her love for art also extends into the areas of home remodeling. She has a passion for interior design and has even completed tiling seven kitchens and bathrooms to date!
Nadine has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Graphic Design from Carlow University. She resides in Saxonburg with her husband, son and two dogs. Nadine looks forward to designing invitations, Christmas cards and future school art projects with her son, Elliot.











Retirement Plan Advisors






Robert Yelenovsky AIF®

 







Robert YelenovskyVice President and Manager Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3249
Email - ryelenovsky@fragassoadvisors.com
"Once I started to focus on the retirement plan space, it became obvious just how little business owners knew about the many options available to them. I feel my role is to show them the possibilities."
Rob started at Fragasso in 2014 and manages the Retirement Plan Advisors Department. The team focuses on working with both businesses and organizations, utilizing plan design, advanced profit sharing methodology, defined benefit and non-qualified compensation strategies to help build and maintain effective retirement programs. He brings with him deep experience in retirement investment strategy, which clients find particularly helpful when analyzing their plans. Rob is qualified in this area, having started in the industry with a national third party administrator (T.P.A) and record-keeper where he specialized in providing 401(k) services to clients. Rob feels that the comprehensive holistic approach that Fragasso uses, including a centralized portfolio management approach across all accounts, a coordinated strategy and one point of contact, puts clients at ease.
Rob grew up in Mt. Washington and joined the Marine Corp at age 20. He traveled the world, living in Hawaii, Japan, Philippines and several states in the continental U.S. He studied literature and pre-law at both Lewis & Clark College and the University of Pittsburgh. He also attended the Community College of Allegheny County, studying business administration. In his spare time Rob enjoys competitive shooting, traveling to the Upper Peninsula, reading and writing and spending time with his wife, his two dogs, family and friends. He also serves on the board of directors for the Young Professionals in Energy.

Certifications: Series 7, 66 & 31 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Life Insurance, Fixed & Variable Annuity Licensed
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania










Monica Hershberger 

 







Monica HershbergerRetirement Plan and Institutional Asset Analyst/Client Services Associate
Phone - 412-227-3225
Email - mhershberger@fragassoadvisors.com
Monica joined Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors in 2017 as a retirement plan and institutional asset analyst. In this role, Monica supports the department by analyzing retirement plan reports, creating client education opportunities, and writing proposals. Her duties are essential to helping the client relationship managers provide suitable options for our retirement plan clients, and ultimately, their participants.
Monica previously worked in nonprofit development. Throughout her career, she’s assisted in raising over 6.5 million dollars for local nonprofits. Monica continues to devote her time to philanthropy by serving as a volunteer board member of the Nine Mile Run Watershed Association. She also has a passion for gardening and for women’s leadership. In fact, Monica and a friend host a podcast, Shattered Glass, interviewing inspirational women leaders.
Monica, who is an Ohio native, now resides in the east end of Pittsburgh with her husband. She earned a bachelor’s degree in communications from Malone University in Canton, Ohio. Monica feels at home working for a firm like Fragasso where giving back to the community and genuinely caring for our clients is instilled in our culture.











Alexis Miller 

 







Alexis MillerRetirement Account Administrative Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3209
Email - amiller@fragassoadvisors.com
After interning with Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors for two years, Alexis accepted a full time position with the firm as a retirement account administrative specialist. In her role, Alexis administers client documentation and transactions while adhering to compliance and regulatory guidelines. She interacts with all departments and maintains relationships with clients. The importance of financial preparedness was a lesson Alexis was taught throughout her childhood, which has served as her inspiration to help others make informed financial decisions.
Alexis was born and raised just south of Pittsburgh in Peters Township. She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance, with a certificate in financial planning, from Ohio University. In her spare time, Alexis enjoys spending time with family, and she is a dedicated sports fan. Her favorite team is the Pittsburgh Penguins.











Daniel Tatomir 

 







Daniel TatomirClient Relationship Manager Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3242
Email - dtatomir@fragassoadvisors.com
"It’s always been most rewarding to know that, regardless of whether I'm screening mutual funds, leading education seminars or meeting individually with clients, I'm helping people achieve their financial and retirement goals."
Dan is a 15-year veteran of the financial services industry, serving Fragasso as our client relationship manager for the Retirement Plan Advisors Department. He works with existing retirement plan clients and participants to help them achieve their financial goals, serving as the main point of contact for plan trustees. Working with the Portfolio Management Department, he reviews each plan’s investment lineup to ensure they meet the criteria of the plan, making recommendations to change fund options as necessary. Dan also manages and implements participant communication for new and existing plans, including enrollment meetings and participant education presentations.
Dan is a native of Pittsburgh, growing up the South Hills where he currently resides with his wife and their three children. He earned his bachelor’s degree from the University of Pittsburgh with a dual major in business and economics. When he’s not in the office, Dan enjoys fly-fishing, hiking and following his beloved Pitt Panthers.

Certifications: Series 7, 63 and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Accounting and Human Resources






Lindsay Basciotta 

 







Lindsay BasciottaExecutive Assistant and Events Coordinator
Phone - 412-227-3230
Email - lbasciotta@fragassoadvisors.com
Lindsay has been a Fragasso Financial Advisors employee since 2007. Lindsay graduated from Robert Morris University in 2006, with a concentration in visual communications, and a bachelor of Fine Arts degree. She previously held the role of director of first impressions, and her strong desire to develop new skills and learn from those around her made her a prime candidate for her current position executive assistant and events coordinator. In this role, Lindsay assists our CEO, president and department managers. As the executive assistant, she is responsible for planning meetings, event registrations, travel arrangements, tracking annual designation requirements, fulfilling the duty of secretary to the Board of Directors, Investment Committee, and Management Committee. As the events coordinator, Lindsay is responsible for coordinating and planning all Fragasso Financial Advisors events, from start to finish. She truly enjoys every opportunity to use her creative skills that she learned at Robert Morris.
In her spare time, Lindsay enjoys cooking, as well as home improvement projects and spending time with her husband Lou and their sweet Yellow Labrador, Molly.











Terry Dougan 

 







Terry DouganStaff Accountant
Phone - 412-227-3248
Email - tdougan@fragassoadvisors.com
Terry was born and raised in Canada. He began his career in the logging industry in British Columbia.  He worked as a boom man, making log booms on the ocean so tug boats could transport the raw material from the camps to the sawmills. After a logging accident, Terry decided to move his career indoors, deciding to become an accountant.  Terry attended college as an adult, earning his bachelor’s degree from Point Park University. He was named Point Park University’s Outstanding Graduating Student from the School of Business in 2011.  Terry joined Fragasso in 2014 as staff accountant. He handles all daily accounting duties, including accounts payable and receivable, payroll, and updating and maintaining employee files.
When Terry is off duty he enjoys spending time with his wife and their house full of critters, which includes four golden retrievers and two cats.  One of Terry’s dogs, Daisy, is a registered therapy dog and visits with hospice patients and staff.











Christina McCahill 

 







Christina McCahillOperations Administrator
Phone - 412-227-3241
Email - cmccahill@fragassoadvisors.com
Christina joined our firm in 2013, as the director of first impressions.  This position helped to prove her commitment to organization, multi-tasking and outstanding customer service.  In 2016, Christina was promoted, to the operations administrator for Fragasso’s three Pittsburgh offices.  In her role as the operations administrator, she supports the company with IT coordination and facilities management.  This is in addition to assisting the chief financial officer. Christina’s career in the finance world began at a local bank as a financial sales consultant.  Prior to that, she spent over 15 successful years in the retail industry, working in various management positions.  Her background in retail management gave her a very strong customer service background.
Christina currently lives in the South Hills with her husband and their two beautiful cats.  She enjoys traveling, her favorite destination being Aruba.  In her free time, she is an avid movie watcher and bug enthusiast!











Giovanni Morgano 

 







Giovanni MorganoAccounting Analyst
Phone - 412-227-3221
Email - gmorgano@fragassoadvisors.com 
Giovanni joined Fragasso in 2011 as an intern. He has worked with the company throughout his undergraduate and graduate careers, collaborating with nearly every department across the firm. He ultimately transitioned full time to accounting analyst in 2016. In his role, Giovanni analyzes company measurements, including departmental profit/loss and key management metrics that will help drive decisions based on data.
Giovanni was born and raised in Pittsburgh. His father, a native of Italy, came to Pittsburgh when he was 11 years old and instilled a great sense of pride in Giovanni for his Italian heritage. In his spare time, Giovanni enjoys cooking, cars, and spending time with family and friends. He graduated magna cum laude from Duquesne University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He also earned his master’s degree in accountancy from Duquesne University. Giovanni’s talents extend beyond accounting into technology. His team was the first place winner in the Pennsylvania Chapter of Certified Public Accountants’ call to build an app for a better audit. His team’s winning submission focused on internal business controls and segregation of duties.











Client Account Administration






Polly Aites 

 







Polly AitesVice President of Operations
Phone - 412-227-3235
Email - paites@fragassoadvisors.com
"As the vice president of operations, I strive to find efficient ways for the firm to operate so that we can best serve our clients and staff.
Polly has been with Fragasso for more than 12 years and has been instrumental to the firm’s growth. She began her career at the firm as a file clerk before moving into the role of client account specialist. She was promoted to our manager of client account administration in 2010 and vice president of operations in 2016. Polly manages all aspects of account operations and client care, ensuring seamless and proactive care for each client. She oversees various day-to-day operations and a diverse variety of duties, including, but not limited to, assisting in the execution of the firm’s strategic initiatives, continuously enhancing the company’s processes and implementing compliance procedures. Polly is also a member of our management team.
Polly enjoys structuring our Take Your Child to Work program every year. The program provides a great opportunity for the children of employees to learn about our firm and what their parents do for the company every day. Polly moved to Pittsburgh in 2002 from Clarion. She earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration with a specialization in accounting from Clarion University. Prior to Fragasso, Polly worked as a mortgage processor in the mortgage industry. When she’s not in the office, Polly enjoys spending time with her husband Michael, her four children and two grandsons. She enjoys hiking, camping, and traveling with her family.











Brooke Baressi 

 







Brooke BaressiClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3253
Email - bbaressi@fragassoadvisors.com
Brooke joined Fragasso in 2016, bringing nine years of client service experience to her role as client account specialist. In her previous position, Brooke specialized in human resources recruiting role at a large bank, where she also learned the importance of compliance and regulation in the financial services industry. After working for a large organization, Brooke was excited to shift gears and work for a smaller company where she can have a more personal, positive impact on clients.
Born and raised in Moon Township, Brooke is the youngest of three daughters. She loves to spend time with her young niece. Brooke also likes to attend country concerts and Pittsburgh sporting events. She loves to travel, seeing new places and having new experiences. Brooke currently lives in the North Hills. 
 











Lorraine Domhoff 

 







Lorraine DomhoffClient Account Specialist
Phone - 724-940-0506
Email - ldomhoff@fragassoadvisors.com
"The most satisfying aspect of my position is my interaction with clients and meeting their expectations of service by effectively handling their individual requests."
Lorraine has 20 years of experience in the investment, financial services and banking industry.  In her position as client account specialist, Lorraine works with clients processing all administrative functions from opening a new account and transferring assets, to all ongoing servicing of their accounts.   Lorraine also handles processing clients’ requests for outgoing checks and journals while adhering to all compliance guidelines.
 
 

Certifications: Specialist degree – LPL AdminU
Associate degree – LPL AdminU
Bachelor’s degree – LPL AdminU











Bonnie Katz 

 







Bonnie KatzDirector of First Impressions
Phone - 412-227-3200
Email - bkatz@fragassoadvisors.com
Bonnie joined Fragasso as the director of first impressions in 2016. She has passion for superior customer service, something she has the opportunity to fulfill in her role with Fragasso.
Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Bonnie recently returned to the city she calls home after spending 10 years in California and she is delighted to be back. In addition to her responsibilities with Fragasso, Bonnie is a real estate agent licensed in Pennsylvania and California. She truly enjoys helping people in search of a home find that perfect fit.
Bonnie attended Pennsylvania State University. In her spare time, she loves to bake, experience new things and expand her horizons. The world is a big place, constantly offering opportunities to learn something new!











Amila Kostic 

 







Amila KosticClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3215
Email - akostic@fragassoadvisors.com
Amila joined Fragasso in 2014. After working for over 10 years in the banking industry, Amila wanted a change from the corporate world. Fragasso had a small company feel and culture that appealed to her and she enjoys being able to contribute to the company’s and clients’ successes. In her position of client account specialist, Amila works with clients by processing all aspects of administrative paperwork including fund transfers and new and managed account applications. In addition to paperwork, Amila also handles the processing of all outgoing checks and journals, form ordering, mailings and maintenance of client files. Amila, a native of Bosnia, moved to the United States with her family in 1995. She currently lives in Pittsburgh with her husband and two children. She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance with a concentration in communications from the University of Pittsburgh. When Amila isn’t in the office, she enjoys spending time with growing family.











Halle Macerelli 

 







Halle MacerelliClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-347-5508
Email - hmacerelli@fragassoadvisors.com
Halle is a client account specialist at Fragasso’s South Hills office.  In her role, she supports the financial advisors with the daily operations and administrative duties. Halle contributes to the overall effectiveness of the team by providing account maintenance and resolving client needs.  She prides herself on being a people person and enjoys helping her colleagues and clients at Fragasso.
Halle was born and raised in North Huntingdon, PA.  She earned her bachelor’s degree in finance at the University of Pittsburgh.  Halle stays active in her spare time.  She enjoys playing soccer and softball; and if she’s not playing sports, she’s training at the gym.











Kevin Wagner 

 







Kevin WagnerOperations Assistant
Phone - 412.227.3252
Email - kwagner@fragassoadvisors.com
Kevin began his career at Fragasso in 2014 as an intern his junior year of college. In his current role as operations assistant, Kevin provides support to the firm through various tasks including maintaining and organizing daily filing and binding critical documents such as annual reviews, financial plans, RFP’s and proposals.
Kevin was born and raised in Kennedy Township just outside of Pittsburgh. He earned his bachelor’s degree in marketing and sports marketing from Duquesne University. He is an avid sports fan and participates in several recreational sports including hockey and golf.











Amy Winterhalter 

 







Amy WinterhalterOperations Assistant
Phone - 412-227-3212
Email - awinterhalter@fragassoadvisors.com
Amy began working at Fragasso as the administration intern in 2014. She joined the firm full time as the operations assistant in 2017. Amy focuses on the development and administration of the firm’s client management systems. She also spearheads initiatives related to paperless solutions, such as electronic filing and e-signatures.
Amy is a recent graduate of Slippery Rock University where she earned her bachelor’s degree in business management and sustainability. She currently lives in Bethel Park. Amy enjoys reading, yoga, cooking and spending time with family and friends.











Janine Yelenovsky 

 







Janine YelenovskyClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3250
Email - jyelenovsky@fragassoadvisors.com 
As client account specialist for Fragasso, Janine supports the daily operations with administrative duties not only on behalf of the clients, but also the financial advisors. Janine contributes to the overall effectiveness of the team by providing account maintenance, resolving client needs, ensuring compliance with industry guidelines and assisting to ensure a reliable, consistent experience for both prospects and clients. Janine began her career working for the Allegheny County Office of the Medical Examiner as a DNA analyst.
Janine was born and raised in the Pittsburgh area and earned her bachelor’s in biology from Chatham University. When she’s not in the office, she enjoys spending time with her husband and their two dogs.











Mary Ellen Zik 

 







Mary Ellen ZikClient Account Specialist
Phone - 412-227-3229
Email - mzik@fragassoadvisors.com
Mary Ellen is a 30-year veteran of the financial services industry, joining Fragasso in 2012 as a client account specialist. She is responsible for working with clients to process all aspects of administrative paperwork including fund transfers and new and managed account applications. Mary Ellen also handles all of the follow-up for outside investment sources. She is a member of the Fragasso Compliance Committee.1
Mary Ellen is a native of Pittsburgh and currently lives in Washington Township with her husband and father. She earned her bachelor’s degree in speech and communications with a minor in business from the University of Pittsburgh. When Mary Ellen isn’t in the office, she enjoys volunteering for her church and spending time outside gardening, reading or relaxing with friends and family in the quiet Westmoreland County countryside.

Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Compliance Committee meets quarterly and has general responsibility to review the compliance and ethics programs, policies and procedures at Fragasso. Each of our departments collaborate and coordinate to ensure that all employees understand and follow important compliance procedures. This ensures that our clients work with a trusted firm, who is compliant with regulatory requirements and works hard to proactively improve all processes.


















 












Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps toward your financial future. A credentialed financial advisor will contact you to have a high-level conversation about your current situation, expectations and needs.



First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.


Get started today







 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content






















Fragasso Financial Advisors Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Fragasso Financial Advisors ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo Fragasso Financial Advisors Is this your company?Overview Overview 8 Reviews -- Jobs 1 Salaries -- Inter­views 1 Benefits -- PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review Fragasso Financial Advisors Reviews8 reviewsFilterFilterJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– Pittsburgh, PA Area (includes HQ)Employment StatusContractPart-timeFull-timeFreelanceInternCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllFragasso Financial Advisors83.5StarStarStarStarStar[]trueRating TrendsRating TrendsRecommend to a friendApprove of CEOCEO0 RatingsClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDate Dec 15, 2016 Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"Misleading statements posted"StarStarStarStarStarCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeProsI have been a long time employee and know that the company cares about its employees. I am also aware that the company had to recently fire an unstable employee who seems to be the cause of the unfair reviews being posted here using different descriptions to make it seem as though it is several people. That is unfair because the company has protected its employees during economic downturns, established a company paid ESOP and lots more. Sometimes employees have to be changed or fired. But the employees have caused that through poor performance. Let's set the record straight. My career is here and I resent malcontents devaluing the value of our company.ConsEvery business has its faults and this company is no different. But here it is openly dealt with and eventually fixed.Advice to ManagementIgnore the losers who should go on to other things rather than destroy value for those who care and want to be here.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2016-12-15 07:12 PST Jan 6, 2017 Helpful (5) Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"Underserved Arrogance"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeDoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookI worked at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-timeProsThe foundation to be a real presence in the industry is there along with a number or smart, hardworking employees. Strong community involvement.ConsContrary to what the management team thinks and how they wish to be perceived, this firm is trending in the wrong direction. It is an uncomfortable work environment where sock choices and shaving habits are policed and hard work and results are ignored and uncompensated. They spend little money recognizing and rewarding employees but rather dump it into office expansions, failed divisions (ie fiduciary assets and retirement plan advisors), buying business and cheesy advertising based of suspect claims (99% client retention). The firm cares more about how they look from the outside, than the inside. The brown-nosers will continue to prosper while talent is pushed out the door.Advice to ManagementHas any employee separation from FFA, whether on their own or firing, gone smoothly at all? Has there been any that weren't controversial? Look at the recent list of past employees and the success they are having elsewhere. Were they the problem, or is it you? FFA has actually become more of a comedy to the industry here in town.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (5) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2017-01-06 10:08 PST Nov 29, 2016 Helpful (2) Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"All companies have their problems, but this is not good."StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeDoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookI have been working at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-time (More than 5 years)Pros-Hard working individuals in the mix-Charitable work in the local community-Strong brand cultivated by Bob's experience and strong marketingCons-Lack of a strong HR department. Many of the personnel problems could have been avoided with a strong leader in place. Turnover has been very high the last few years for such a small company.-Leadership has the wrong focus. They're trying too hard to expand into a major player and they don't have their own house in order yet.-"The Fragasso Facade" - Focused too much on appearances, no actual work gets done. The Best Places to work survey is an example. There is a question at the end asking if we feel pressured to answer positively. The CEO has said that this survey needs to be thought of as a marketing piece and anything negative should just be dealt with internally. That didn't feel right.Advice to ManagementLook in the mirror. All of this could be turned around if you admit your mistakes and stop worrying about appearances. Everybody already knows that things are bad and we're looking for leadership that can fix this.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (2) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2016-11-29 14:31 PST Oct 31, 2016 Helpful (2) Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"Made a lot of promises and didnt deliver"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Financial Plan Manager/Attorney in Pittsburgh, PAFormer Employee - Financial Plan Manager/Attorney in Pittsburgh, PADoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookI worked at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-time (More than a year)ProsThis is isn't sour grapes. This place really has no pros that I could see.ConsExtremely political. The CEO made a lot of promises and then failed to deliver on any of them. I will sell you hard on their "collaborative" team approach...but there isn't any collaboration. Its their way or the highway. You have no say.Advice to ManagementIf you make promises keep them.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (2) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2016-10-31 19:58 PDT Jun 27, 2016 Helpful (4) Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"Great Internship Experience"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PACurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PARecommendsPositive OutlookProsGood wage for interns, very flexible hours and time off for finals, great location in the hearth of Pittsburgh, all employees and friendly and helpfulConsWork can be monotonous at times but this goes with most internshipsShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (4) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2016-06-27 03:40 PDT Sep 12, 2013 Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"A well run organization whose sole focus is on doing what is best for our clients"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-timeProsThe client is the sole focus of the firm. Environment where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged and celebrated. A company that values family and equal opportunity for all employees.ConsThings have been done a certain way for a number of years and some of that needs to change.Advice to ManagementKeep moving forward with establishing a strong management team that will lead the company forwardShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2013-09-12 05:20 PDT Sep 6, 2013 Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"Planning to stay at Fragasso"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PACurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PARecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-time (More than 5 years)ProsGreat coworkers, good compensation, team culture, new downtown officeConscommute to town can be cumbersomeShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2013-09-06 07:02 PDT Sep 6, 2013 Fragasso Financial Advisors Logo"One of the Best Places to Work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PACurrent Employee - Anonymous Employee in Pittsburgh, PARecommendsPositive OutlookI have been working at Fragasso Financial Advisors full-time (More than 5 years)ProsFragasso Financial Advisors is a tight knit collaborative firm that works hard towards common goals of promoting individual and firm growth. While growth of the firm is important and continues, it is in a way that is manageable from an employee perspective, but also allows for continued superior client service to be delivered.It is a very professional environment that recognizes those who can perform at a high level. Contrary to what many think about a small company in that there may not be as many opportunities for some, Fragasso Financial Advisors does a great job of creating and recognizing the accomplishments in various ways to allow for the personal growth one seeks.ConsAs a small firm, you can learn many aspects of various business segments and participate in those. That may not appeal to some who prefer a segmented, regimented workplace.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) Fragasso Financial Advisors Response seconds agoEdit • Delete Fragasso Financial Advisors 2013-09-06 08:25 PDTReviews > Fragasso Financial Advisors RSS Feed</>EmbedCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCloseOutline of two peoples' headsWork in HR or Marketing?Grow your employer brandGet a free employer accountCompanies to Explore Company BenefitsDoctor's valiseThere are currently no benefit reviews for this company.Add Benefits Review Job Seekers Also ViewedBNY Mellon ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,224 ReviewsThe Resumator ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 28 ReviewsFidelity Investments ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 4,725 ReviewsPNC Financial Services Group ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,620 ReviewsDeutsche Bank ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 3,424 ReviewsThe Blackstone Group ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 128 ReviewsEdward Jones ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1,828 Reviews Related Job SearchAnalyst jobsAnalyst salaries ($67k)Vice President jobsVice President salaries ($148k)Associate jobsAssociate salaries ($92k)Investment Banking Analyst jobsInvestment Banking Analyst salaries ($77k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Financial Advisor jobsFinancial Advisor salaries ($47k)Summer Analyst jobsSummer Analyst salaries ($51k)Financial Analyst jobsFinancial Analyst salaries ($63k)Managing Director jobsManaging Director salaries ($183k)Teller jobsTeller salaries ($24k)Software Engineer jobsSoftware Engineer salaries ($84k)Director jobsDirector salaries ($137k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm

	THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. Trademark of Fragasso Group, Inc., The. Serial Number: 76224048 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC.










 
Get FREE email alerts













THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC.  Trademark Information
 Fragasso Group, Inc., The
Investment management and financial planning




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   management   financial   planning    
                                    




This is a brand page for the THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark by Fragasso Group, Inc., The 
                                in Pittsburgh, , 15219.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Fragasso Group, Inc., The of the THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, March 13, 2001,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. by 
                        Fragasso Group, Inc., The, Pittsburgh 15219.
                        The USPTO has given the THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. 
                        trademark serial  number of  76224048.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. is 
                        
                        
                                            PAUL A. BECK of 
                                            PAUL A BECK & ASSOCIATES,  1575 MCFARLAND RD STE 100, PITTSBURGH PA 15216-1808 
                                .
                            The THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. 
                            is Investment management and financial planning. 
                            





Word mark:
 THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC.


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

5/16/2009



  Serial Number:  
76224048


  Filing Date:  
3/13/2001


 Registration Number:  
2614606 


 Registration Date:  
9/3/2002


 Goods and Services: 
Investment management and financial planning


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/11/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

Fragasso Group, Inc., ThePittsburgh 15219
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("GROUP, INC.")


 Correspondent:


PAUL A. BECK
PAUL A BECK & ASSOCIATES
1575 MCFARLAND RD STE 100
PITTSBURGH PA 15216-1808






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/14/1995


First Use In Commerce: 
9/14/1995





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/16/2009
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PAUL A. BECK


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search thefragassogroupinc on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. 




THE FRAGASSO GROUP, INC. is providing Investment management and financial planning.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















The Fragasso Group Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:06 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Fragasso Group Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The Fragasso Group, Inc. provides financial services. The company’s services include financial planning, investment management, analysis, and insurance services. Fragasso Group was founded by Bob Fragasso and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


436 Seventh AvenueKoppers BuildingSuite 300Pittsburgh, PA 15219United States



Phone: 412-227-3200

Fax: 412-227-3210

www.fragassoadvisors.com







Key Executives for The Fragasso Group Inc.




Mr. Robert Fragasso


      	Founder and President
      








Mr. Andrei Voicu Cfp®


      	Managing Director of Portfolio Management and Financial Planning
      








Ms. Deborah F. Sales Cfp®


      	Managing Director of Operations
      








Ms. Theresa A. Bissell Cpa


      	Controller and Human Resources Manager
      








Mr. Gregg Daily


      	Vice President of Investments
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Fragasso Group Inc., please visit www.fragassoadvisors.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























The Fragasso Group Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







THE FRAGASSO GROUP


Premium Company Report








The Premium The Fragasso Group Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$24.99


View subscription options







610 Smithfield Street, Suite 400 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 

Company Awards

Fast Growing



Company Profile & Financial Information for The Fragasso Group
The Fragasso Group's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show The Fragasso Group's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate The Fragasso Group's strengths. 
The Fragasso Group operates in the Securities Brokerage industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show The Fragasso Group's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$10 - $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees10 - 100Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry52312 Securities Brokerage

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	The Fragasso Group's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

The Fragasso Group Revenue and Growth Rate

The Fragasso Group
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
The Fragasso Group's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

EXPERT EDGESoftware for financial planning; Seminar materials, namely, instructional videos for seminar presenters 08/11/2004 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether The Fragasso Group grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof The Fragasso Group is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: The Fragasso Group vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as The Fragasso Group, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)STEPHEN T DANEReading, MA100 JEFFERIES GROUPNew York, NY31 RBC USA HOLDCOMinneapolis, MN25 BGC PARTNERSNew York, NY22 LEGG MASONBaltimore, MD22 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to The Fragasso Group, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

The Fragasso Group's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as The Fragasso Group and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0394 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.








The Fragasso Group Inc                                                                                                   - Pittsburgh                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Pittsburgh



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            The Fragasso Group Inc
                                    



 





















T 


The Fragasso Group Inc                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



110 FORT COUCH RD PITTSBURGH, PA 15241
Get Directions



(412) 835-3100
www.fragassoadvisors.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Robert Fragasso                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















The Fragasso Group Inc                                                                                                   - Pittsburgh                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Pittsburgh



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            The Fragasso Group Inc
                                    



 





















T 


The Fragasso Group Inc                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



610 SMITHFIELD ST STE 400 PITTSBURGH, PA 15222
Get Directions



(412) 227-3200
www.fragassoadvisors.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 1972
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,281,604.00
 Employee Count 20
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Robert Fragasso                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1972, The Fragasso Group Inc                                                                                                   has been providing Security Brokers And Dealers from Pittsburgh. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Fr | Fragasso Group Inc. Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Fragasso Group Inc. 

                Last Update: 05-15-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 58

                    Number of New Stocks: 4




                    Total Value: $308 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 6%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Fragasso Group Inc. has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Fragasso Group Inc. has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Fragasso Group Inc. has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Fragasso Group Inc. has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Fragasso Group Inc.'s Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Educational Videos | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • Resource Overview • Videos 















Videos
Our firm believes in the power of educating investors. When investors understand the industry, they feel more confident in their planning decisions. Whether you are learning the foundational elements of financial planning or you are seeking an in-depth presentation on specific financial planning strategies, our video resources can help.
 

 








Uncovering the Power of Your TIAA-CREF Retirement Plan
Presented by Dan Tatomir of Fragasso Financial Advisors on November 12, 2015

















Education
Your financial success is the very reason that we are here. And making it personal means that we take the time to understand your unique circumstances, responsibilities and risk tolerance levels.



 Uncovering the Power of Your TIAA-CREF Retirement Plan Webinar




 How to uncover your goals and build your financial strategy




 Principals of asset allocation/balanced portfolio pt. 1




 Principals of asset allocation/balanced portfolio pt. 2




 Building your investment portfolio




 Why have a financial advisor




 Estate planning




 Charitable gifting – How to be tax-wise without damaging your portfolio




 Long-term care planning: For yourself and your parents




 Smart 401k management













 





 







More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?




First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.










 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content


















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Contact Us | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso • Contact Us 
















Contact Us
610 Smithfield Street Suite 400, Pittsburgh, PA 15222
1.800.900.4492
Fill out the form to be contacted by an experienced financial advisor and find out how our approach can help you achieve your financial goals.


















 







Maps and Directions
Browse TabsDowntown HeadquartersSouth HillsNorth Hills



610 Smithfield Street Suite 400, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 | 1.800.900.4492 | 412.227.3200 | Fax: 412.227.3210




 






1500 Oxford Drive Suite 200, Bethel Park, PA  15102 | 1.800.900.4492 | 412.227.3200 | Fax: 412.227.3210




 






11269 Perry Highway, Pine Professional Building Suite 430, Wexford, PA 15090 | 1.800.900.4492 | 412.227.3200 | Fax: 412.227.3210




 




  







More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content























ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





About Fragasso - Fragasso Financial Advisors



































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso 










 





About Fragasso
Fragasso Financial Advisors, located in Downtown Pittsburgh, has been making the financial success of our clients personal for over 40 years – and while the company has grown to be a successful independent investment planning firm, one thing has remained constant – our commitment to the highest level of personal service.
 

 








Your Experience Will Be Personalized, Professional and Exceptional






Our focus is set on providing sound asset management and financial planning for our clients, who range from high net worth individuals to retirement plan sponsors and nonprofit institutions. Our structure helps us remove conflicts of interest and concentrate on the things that truly matter. It is our responsibility to understand the unique needs and challenges of each and every one of our clients, while at the same time wrapping our services in a superior experience that is uniform across the firm. 
What does this mean to you? From the very first interaction you have with us, your experience will be personalized, professional and exceptional. Your goals are our goals. Your concerns are our concerns. We have the knowledge and skills to help you navigate through the financial challenges you may face now or 15 years from now. And that superior experience we mentioned? That happens every step of the way.
The Fragasso Experience – Learn about the platform from which all of our services are delivered to clients.
The Fragasso Approach – Learn about how being a registered investment advisor helps us create a unique financial plan for each client. (Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training, nor any regulatory endorsement or approval of our investment advisory services.)
Meet Our Staff – With more than 40 employees and over 100 years of combined experience, the Fragasso team is uniquely qualified to help you reach your financial goals.
Awards – Fragasso Financial Advisors and our team has been honored by several national or local organizations.
Contact Us – Fill out this form to be contacted by an experienced financial advisor and find out how our approach can help you achieve your financial goals.



 







More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps toward your financial future. A credentialed financial advisor will contact you to have a high-level conversation about your current situation, expectations and needs.



First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.


Get started today







 





 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content


















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





About Fragasso - Fragasso Financial Advisors



































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • About Fragasso 










 





About Fragasso
Fragasso Financial Advisors, located in Downtown Pittsburgh, has been making the financial success of our clients personal for over 40 years – and while the company has grown to be a successful independent investment planning firm, one thing has remained constant – our commitment to the highest level of personal service.
 

 








Your Experience Will Be Personalized, Professional and Exceptional






Our focus is set on providing sound asset management and financial planning for our clients, who range from high net worth individuals to retirement plan sponsors and nonprofit institutions. Our structure helps us remove conflicts of interest and concentrate on the things that truly matter. It is our responsibility to understand the unique needs and challenges of each and every one of our clients, while at the same time wrapping our services in a superior experience that is uniform across the firm. 
What does this mean to you? From the very first interaction you have with us, your experience will be personalized, professional and exceptional. Your goals are our goals. Your concerns are our concerns. We have the knowledge and skills to help you navigate through the financial challenges you may face now or 15 years from now. And that superior experience we mentioned? That happens every step of the way.
The Fragasso Experience – Learn about the platform from which all of our services are delivered to clients.
The Fragasso Approach – Learn about how being a registered investment advisor helps us create a unique financial plan for each client. (Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training, nor any regulatory endorsement or approval of our investment advisory services.)
Meet Our Staff – With more than 40 employees and over 100 years of combined experience, the Fragasso team is uniquely qualified to help you reach your financial goals.
Awards – Fragasso Financial Advisors and our team has been honored by several national or local organizations.
Contact Us – Fill out this form to be contacted by an experienced financial advisor and find out how our approach can help you achieve your financial goals.



 







More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps toward your financial future. A credentialed financial advisor will contact you to have a high-level conversation about your current situation, expectations and needs.



First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.


Get started today







 





 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content


















ang="en-US" prefix="og: http://ogp.me/ns#">

  





Nonprofit Financial Management | Fragasso Financial Advisors





































 


















                        Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
                          
                            FINRA BrokerCheck      
                          











Menu













								Check the background of investment professionals associated with this site on 
									
										FINRA BrokerCheck      
									















412-227-3200




Client login


















Home • Services Overview • Nonprofit 


















 







Nonprofit
Your financial advisor should be a partner to your organization, offering the skills and resources that give you confidence in your financial planning decisions, and allowing you to dedicate yourself to your mission.
 

 








Your Nonprofit Organization’s Partnership for Success 










Managing a nonprofit organization presents many significant challenges:

Having the funds to accomplish your mission now and into the future.
Engaging your board to take on leadership responsibilities and propel the organization to the next stage of development.
Raising awareness of what you do for those who you serve and the community around you.
Holding on to your valuable, hard-working staff.
Planning that is long-term and strategic.





 







The Fragasso Approach

      The foundation of our firm’s success is our unique structure and approach. Click to read more about it.    
+







Our Approach: It’s Simple
A focused vision, a plan for managing funds and an informed and educated board and finance committee are important factors in developing and maintaining a strong and sustainable organization.
With these dynamics in mind, a partnership with Fragasso is structured around three critical pieces:

Planning
Management
Communication

We are a fiduciary partner with you and your board to coordinate planning in accordance with a clear investment policy statement and spending guidelines, asset management that is flexible enough to help your organization meet its mission and goals but tempered enough to do so without excessive risk, and communication through presentations to your board, customized reports and third-party audited statements. We can meet with you as little or as often as you want. We can run and review reports with you as often as needed. Because we are fee-based, these services are part of what we do at no additional cost to you.
Each of these components helps drive success and ensure the best possible client experience for your organization.


 







The Value of Partnering with Fragasso 










Our nonprofit partners achieve their mission and work towards strategic goals with Fragasso’s help as together we keep the organization’s priorities and investment funds in harmony. You may think other firms do this too. So, what makes us different?






1 Unbiased Guidance
As a registered investment advisor, we provide independent guidance. We do not make any proprietary or commission-based recommendations.
(Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training, nor any regulatory endorsement or approval of our investment advisory services.)







2 Fiduciary Responsibility
We serve as a fiduciary partner to our nonprofit clients. We have an obligation to always act in our clients’ best interests.










3 Customized Investments
Our in-house portfolio management team drives the investment selection by screening investments and customizing platforms specific to each client’s needs.






4 The Fragasso Client Experience
Our client experience is our brand of service that allows us to offer each client a highly professional and personalized experience while maintaining the highest standard for quality.



 








What Is Next for Your Organization?
If our approach to personalized, holistic financial planning and wealth management that is free from investment bias sounds good to you, then now is the time to take the next steps for your organization.





So, what should you expect?
After learning more about our firm and financial planning philosophy, we feel confident you will be ready to set up a more formal meeting. At that time, we can have an in-depth conversation with you that will frame your goals into concrete and actionable objectives.



 








Does Your Plan Check Out? 
Here are five questions that should help you determine whether your organization’s current financial planning structure is the right fit for your strategic goals.










Is your advisor a fiduciary?
Do you have an Investment Policy Statement (IPS) and does your advisor review it with you regularly?
Is your advisor compensated with a fee or commissions?
Will your advisor put his/her commitment to service in writing?
Do you feel confident your advisor can present to your boards and committees?

If you are unsure of the answers to any of these questions, contact us today.




 








Case Study

Medical Services Nonprofit Addresses Vulnerabilities 

      For nonprofit boards and senior staff, fulfilling their fiduciary responsibility is critical to the success of the organization. In an effort to stay informed and conduct their own due diligence on their financial planning and fiduciary obligations, a nonprofit that offers medical-related services in Western Pennsylvania came to Fragasso Financial Advisors.    

      Read more    


 











Nonprofit Investment Advisors Staff
Our Nonprofit Investment Advisors staff has worked both with and for nonprofits, as board members, investment advisor and even executive director. When we say our staff understands your challenges, we mean it. Every person who serves a nonprofit is crucial to its success. There is no room for inefficiency. That is why we take our role as a fiduciary partner so very seriously. It is our responsibility to ensure you are able to focus your efforts on accomplishing your mission rather than on figuring out if your organization’s portfolio is structured properly. 






Gregg Daily AIF®

 







Gregg DailyManager, Investment Advisory Services
Phone - 412-227-3213
Email - gdaily@fragassoadvisors.com
Having worked for years in investment management and having served on numerous boards of directors and local government committees, Gregg’s investment advisory work is focused on nonprofits, institutional clients and municipalities. He, along with our Nonprofit Advisory Services team, partner with clients to crystallize goals and desired outcomes, bringing a focus on preserving and growing investment assets. As an independent investment advisor we adhere to the fiduciary standard, acting with a duty of loyalty and care, and always in our clients best interests. Gregg has worked with many types of organizations, including human services, the arts, industry groups and municipalities. His experiences both as a board member and an independent investment advisor have given him an appreciation for the joys and challenges that organizations face and a sense of purpose in helping our partners fulfill their fiduciary responsibilities. Gregg is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Gregg was born and raised in Pittsburgh. He currently lives in Jefferson Hills with his wife and their three children. He serves on the board for Chatham Baroque and the Jefferson Hills Economic Development Commission. In his spare time, Gregg enjoys spending time with his family.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Robert Yelenovsky AIF®

 







Robert YelenovskyVice President and Manager Fragasso Retirement Plan Advisors
Phone - 412-227-3249
Email - ryelenovsky@fragassoadvisors.com
"Once I started to focus on the retirement plan space, it became obvious just how little business owners knew about the many options available to them. I feel my role is to show them the possibilities."
Rob started at Fragasso in 2014 and manages the Retirement Plan Advisors Department. The team focuses on working with both businesses and organizations, utilizing plan design, advanced profit sharing methodology, defined benefit and non-qualified compensation strategies to help build and maintain effective retirement programs. He brings with him deep experience in retirement investment strategy, which clients find particularly helpful when analyzing their plans. Rob is qualified in this area, having started in the industry with a national third party administrator (T.P.A) and record-keeper where he specialized in providing 401(k) services to clients. Rob feels that the comprehensive holistic approach that Fragasso uses, including a centralized portfolio management approach across all accounts, a coordinated strategy and one point of contact, puts clients at ease.
Rob grew up in Mt. Washington and joined the Marine Corp at age 20. He traveled the world, living in Hawaii, Japan, Philippines and several states in the continental U.S. He studied literature and pre-law at both Lewis & Clark College and the University of Pittsburgh. He also attended the Community College of Allegheny County, studying business administration. In his spare time Rob enjoys competitive shooting, traveling to the Upper Peninsula, reading and writing and spending time with his wife, his two dogs, family and friends. He also serves on the board of directors for the Young Professionals in Energy.

Certifications: Series 7, 66 & 31 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Life Insurance, Fixed & Variable Annuity Licensed
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
























Meet the Portfolio Management Team Behind Your Plan 
Our clients’ portfolios are managed in accordance with a clear and transparent Investment Policy Statement and Guidelines. Very differently from many other investment firms, our portfolios, while structured to meet individually crafted goals, are managed centrally and uniformly by our multi-person, credentialed Portfolio Management Department. The portfolio management team collaborates with the Fragasso Investment Committee to ensure our clients receive the best collective advice for their portfolios.






Robert Fragasso CFP® , AIF® 

 







Robert FragassoChairman and Chief Executive Officer
Phone - 412-227-3220
Email - rfragasso@fragassoadvisors.com
"You can truly accomplish your life's goals if they are fashioned in the context of a solidly constructed financial plan.  The answer is to take your life's direction and the success into your own hands.  We are here to help and will continue to ever increasingly refine our quality of service."
With more than four decades of experience in the investment management and financial planning fields, Bob leads Fragasso Financial Advisors as chairman and chief executive officer. He has combined his experience in the industry with his entrepreneurial spirit, carefully constructing a vision that has positioned the firm for growth and longevity. He has paid particular attention to refining the firm’s processes and systems in order to make the inner workings of the company extremely efficient, including rigorous investment management processes and personalized financial planning for each client devoid of proprietary product bias.  Bob has put a highly evolved management team in place in order to provide unparalleled quality assurance and perpetuity for the firm. Bob also serves as a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee1 and on our management team. He is a certified financial planner™ professional.
Bob has been honored by many national and local organizations including Barron’s Magazine and was named the “2015 Veteran of the Year” by the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA. He has shared his entrepreneurial wisdom in his book, Starting Your Own Practice: The Independence Guide for Professional Service Providers and is frequently asked for his investment insights by local and national media, including Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, Pittsburgh Business Times, Wall Street Journal, WSJ.com and Forbes.com among others.
Bob is the son of immigrant parents and grew up in the inner city of Pittsburgh. His love for investment management began early when he saved his earnings from his paper route to purchase mutual funds, which he later used to buy his first home. Bob earned his bachelor’s degree from Duquesne University and served in the U.S. Marine Corps. He is a vocal advocate for veterans. Bob may be best known for his tireless commitment to animal welfare in the region. He serves on many boards including Animal Friends, LaRoche College, Pennsylvania Economy League of Southwestern Pennsylvania and the Veterans Advisory Board for Duquesne University.

Certifications: Certified Financial Planner™ Professional 
Accredited Investment Fiduciary® 
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Daniel Dingus AIF®, MBA

 







Daniel DingusPresident, Executive Director of Portfolio Management
Phone - 412-227-3236
Email - ddingus@fragassoadvisors.com
"We believe clients find comfort in understanding the way we think about their investments. We make our process and communication transparent so that clients can easily understand the work we do on their behalf."
Daniel joined Fragasso within the portfolio management department in 2007. His first role with the firm was as portfolio manager. He was later promoted to director of portfolio management and now serves as the president for Fragasso. In this role, Daniel oversees the development and implementation of the firm’s strategic direction across each department. As chair of the Investment Committee,1 he ultimately oversees the Portfolio Management Department and is involved in many aspects of the decision making and strategic perspectives on the investment side of the firm. Having served as a portfolio manager and as director of portfolio management, Daniel has deep experience with both the strategy and tactics necessary to achieve the firm’s investment management goals. Daniel began his career in the financial services industry more than 20 years ago, working as a trust operations officer for a local bank. Prior to his time with Fragasso, Daniel was part of an investment research team and was instrumental in the management of over $10 billion in institutional assets for retirement plans, endowments and foundations.
Daniel has always had a true passion for financial services and in particular portfolio management, proudly proclaiming himself a portfolio enthusiast. His passion, knowledge and high ethical standards have helped establish his reputation in the industry. He is driven every day to make a difference in the lives of our clients, and inspires the staff at Fragasso to do the same. Daniel also serves as a member of our management team.
Daniel is native to Pittsburgh, having grown up in the city’s Beechview neighborhood. He earned his bachelor’s degree and his M.B.A. from Duquesne University. He remains in the city to this day and enjoys staying active through various outdoor activities, golf notwithstanding. Daniel is passionate about giving back to the community, serving on various nonprofit boards including the Veterans Leadership Program of Western PA and the Pittsburgh Society of Investment Professionals. He was also selected as one of 50 Distinguished Alumni of Community College of Allegheny County.

Certifications: Accredited Investment Fiduciary®
Series 7, 24, 63, and 65 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Passed Level I CFA® exam
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania

Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors, meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation and issues on clients’ minds.  










Michael Godwin CFA

 







Michael GodwinManager of Portfolio Strategy
Phone - 412-227-3254
Email - mgodwin@fragassoadvisors.com
Michael is Fragasso’s manager of portfolio strategy. In this role, Michael is tasked with reviewing, monitoring and providing guidance on the asset allocation strategies in our clients’ portfolios. Michael is also a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1 Michael has extensive experience focused on portfolio strategy, having spent six years as a trader for a proprietary trading firm specializing in options on the S&P 500 during the turbulent Great Recession. He also worked as an associate portfolio manager for AllianceBernstein in New York City, focused on managing assets for institutional clients within the firm’s Small Cap Value and Low Volatility models.
Michael is a graduate of James Madison University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He is a CFA® Charterholder and he is Series 7 and 66 licensed through LPL Financial. Michael was born and raised in Mt. Lebanon and has lived in Chicago and New York City. In his spare time, Michael enjoys volunteering at UPMC Children’s Hospital. He also loves traveling, having attended the last three World Cup events. Michael has taken his passion for soccer to the field as a coach for the Beadling U12 soccer team.
 

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 and 66 securities licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds. 










Damien Gottschalk 

 







Damien GottschalkFinancial Planning Analyst/Client Services Associate 
Phone - 412-227-3251
Email - dgottschalk@fragassoadvisors.com
Damien works side by side with the financial advisors to develop and deliver customized financial plans to Fragasso’s clients. Damien has over fifteen years of experience in financial services. His career began in retail banking, and over time, he transitioned into an investment advisor at a large financial institution.
Damien is born and raised in Pittsburgh. He joined the Marine Corps immediately after high school and was stationed predominantly on the West Coast. Damien earned his bachelor’s degree in business administration and his master’s degree from Duquesne University. He resides in the south hills of Pittsburgh with his wife, two daughters and their dog.
Damien is passionate about supporting the veteran community. He was involved in hosting a “Mutt Strut” event which resulted in raising over $250k in funding for medical service dogs for veterans with PTSD and other ailments. Damien was recognized as one of Pittsburgh Magazine’s “40 Under 40” in 2015 for his dedication to the veterans community.











Colette Griffith 

 







Colette GriffithPortfolio Administrator
Phone - 412.227.3218
Email - cgriffith@fragassoadvisors.com
“Solving problems and finding answers for clients and my colleagues is the part of my job I find most rewarding.”
Colette began her career at Fragasso as our receptionist. She has since moved on to become a member of the firm’s portfolio management team as a portfolio administrator. She is responsible for maintaining our client database via daily downloads of the firm’s managed portfolios. This entails updating transaction, performance and price files and inputting security classifications and cost basis information into our client database. Colette also handles support issues arising from our client database interface used by our financial advisors and portfolio management team and establishes client access to Wealth Vision and Account View via LPL’s client portal.
Colette has traveled the country as part of her Air Force family. Her son is continuing the family’s military tradition as a member of the U.S. Army Reserves. When Colette isn’t in the office, she enjoys spending time with her family and relaxing with a good book. She also enjoys the outdoors and hiking through local parks and forests.











Matthew Horan 

 







Matthew HoranTrading Administrator
Phone - (412) 227-3216
Email - mhoran@fragassoadvisors.com
Matthew is part of Fragasso’s Portfolio Management department. As the trade administrator, he is responsible for assisting advisors with client trading activities. Matthew is also working toward obtaining his licensing. Prior to joining the team, Matthew worked in retail banking where he focused on sales and customer service.
Matthew is a graduate of Otterbein University with a bachelor’s degree in economics and business administration. He also studied at University College Cork in Ireland. He was born and raised in the suburbs of Pittsburgh and attended Pine-Richland High School.
His hobbies and interests include lacrosse and traveling. Matthew is passionate about helping others. While attending college, he jointly led a philanthropy effort with participants from the Student Athlete Advisory Council, his fraternity and a sorority group. This student project was to benefit the Ronald McDonald House and resulted in the largest impact experienced by the organization to date.











Matthew Karr CFA, MBA

 







Matthew KarrManager of Investment Research
Phone - 412-227-3231
Email - mkarr@fragassoadvisors.com
"I came to Fragasso because I found the personal touch of the business appealing. I'm excited by the opportunity to see tangible impacts of good investment decisions on clients of the firm."
Matthew joined the Fragasso portfolio management team in 2015 as manager of investment research. In this role, Matthew focuses on researching investment opportunities for Fragasso clients, specializing in stock research. He also researches ETFs, mutual funds and fixed-income instruments. Matthew is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
After completing his MBA program, Matthew spent some time with an independent research firm as an equity research analyst, specializing in corporate restructuring events. Matthew provided written investment analysis and stock valuations for the firm’s institutional clientele. Most recently, Matthew worked as an equity research analyst and portfolio manager at a value-focused investment management firm. In these roles, he was responsible for researching new stock ideas for potential inclusion in the firm’s portfolios, and providing ongoing coverage of existing portfolio investments. His work also included economic analysis to inform sector allocation decisions.
Matthew is a native of Pittsburgh’s northern suburbs. He earned his bachelor’s degree in finance from Grove City College and his master’s degree in business administration with a finance concentration from the University of Pittsburgh. Matthew loves to run, play golf and read non-fiction. Most of all, he enjoys spending time with his wife and their dog.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 
Series 7 licensed through LPL Financial
Footnotes: 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Brianne King CFP®, AIF® 

 







Brianne KingManager of Financial Planning
Phone - 412.227.3214
Email - bking@fragassoadvisors.com
Brianne joined Fragasso in 2003 after working with Fragasso as an intern. She is series 7 and 63 registered through LPL Financial and series 65 registered through Fragasso Financial Advisors and also holds her Pennsylvania Life and Health Insurance license. Additionally, Brianne holds her Accredited Investment Fiduciary® certification. Brianne has always enjoyed working with numbers, which is what drew her to a career in finance. As the Manager of Financial Planning, Brianne is a key driver of the Portfolio Management Department, overseeing the construction of financial plans and annual reviews, training new team members, and providing guidance on advanced planning issues. She is a member of the Fragasso Investment Committee.1
Brianne was born and raised in Pittsburgh and earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration with a concentration in finance from Duquesne University. In her spare time Brianne enjoys taking her dog for long walks and checking out new restaurants and live bands throughout the city.

Certifications: CERTIFIED FINANICAL PLANNER™ Professional
Series 7, and 63 licensed through LPL Financial; Series 65 licensed through Fragasso Financial Advisors
Insurance licensed, Pennsylvania
Accredited Investment Fiduciary®

Footnotes: Footnotes:
 1) The Fragasso Investment Committee is comprised of the portfolio management team and several financial advisors. The committee meets monthly to discuss market trends, current investment outlook, portfolio construction, implementation, and issues on clients’ minds.










Mallory Labik 

 







Mallory LabikFinancial Planning Analyst with Fragasso Financial Advisors, Sales Assistant with LPL Financial
Phone - 412-227-3217
Email - mlabik@fragassoadvisors.com
“I love the idea of bringing comfort to people about their financial situation.”
Mallory joined Fragasso in September of 2016 as a financial planning analyst. As such, Mallory will assist in the development of financial plans for clients. Prior to her time with Fragasso, Mallory was an investment analyst with a local investment management firm.
A York, Pa. native, Mallory grew up next to a dairy farm where she often woke up to fugitive cows in her back yard. She attended Duquesne University for her undergraduate studies, focusing on finance and investment management. It was during her time there that she fell in love with Pittsburgh. She has since permanently settled into her adopted city. Mallory enjoys running, spending time with her husband and friends, and attempting to cook and bake. She stresses with her signature sense of humor that there is an emphasis on “attempting” to cook and bake.  











Madison Nestor CFA

 







Madison NestorInvestment Analyst
Phone - 412-227-3223
Email - mnestor@fragassoadvisors.com
Madison joined Fragasso in 2015 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management Department. She passed Level III of the CFA Program and was recently awarded the charter upon completion of the required work experience.  Madison is integral to the investment management team by assisting with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis. She is also responsible for reviewing investment strategy, asset allocation and original research.
Madison is originally from the small coal-mining town of Lykens, Pa. and moved to Pittsburgh to get her degree. She liked the area so much she decided to stay. Madison’s desire to learn and understand the complex world of finance and economics has translated well in her current position, researching and analyzing investments for clients. When Madison isn’t researching new investments for Fragasso, she enjoys spending time with family and restoring and renovating her home. She also serves on the board for the Wiconisco Alumni Scholarship Foundation.

Certifications: CFA® Charterholder 










Cody Mainc 

 







Cody MaincInvestment Analyst, Administrative Associate
Phone - 412-227-3246
Email - cmainc@fragassoadvisors.com
Cody joined Fragasso in 2017 as an investment analyst in the Portfolio Management department. In this role, he assists with the selection and analysis of various investment securities using detailed fundamental analysis in addition to his role as an administrative associate with LPL Financial.
Prior to joining the team, Cody participated in a Rotational Development Program and upon completion, worked as a credit analyst at a large financial institution. In this role, he provided written financial analysis on companies focused in the energy, oil & gas and technology, media and telecom sectors.
Cody is a graduate of Duquesne University with a bachelor’s degree in finance. He was born and raised in Philadelphia where his interest in finance began via starting his own business.  He has also lived in New York City. In his spare time, Cody enjoys playing golf and ice hockey along with spending time with his dog.











Bryan Reft 

 







Bryan ReftFinancial Advisor, Financial Planning Analyst
Phone - 412.227.3208
Email - breft@fragassoadvisors.com 
As one of Fragasso’s financial advisors and planning analysts, Bryan is driven to help clients work towards their financial goals through proper planning. Prior to joining Fragasso in 2016, Bryan worked as a financial advisor for PNC Investments and in the Asset Servicing Department at BNY Mellon.
Bryan earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting/management from the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg. He also earned his master’s degree in business administration with a concentration in international business from Point Park University. He was born and raised in Pittsburgh’s Mt. Washington neighborhood where he lives near his family today. In his spare time, Bryan enjoys traveling, golf and exploring Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods in search of the best coffee shops and restaurants. He also studies Russian with the hope of becoming fluent.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial










Amy Stover 

 







Amy StoverInsurance Analyst, Client Services Associate
Phone - 412-227-3202
Email - astover@fragassoadvisors.com
Amy works alongside our advanced estate planning and business planning manager to oversee the insurance activities in the firm. Her work as an intermediary with insurance providers positions the firm to offer insurance and risk management solutions as a crucial service to our clients. Amy has grown through the industry, working for both small and large companies in all facets of insurance. This includes general management, marketing, sales, and risk management.  She feels fortunate that she was able to study under many exceptional leaders in the industry, which has kept her driven and inspired to continue growing both personally and professionally. She attended West Liberty University.
Amy is incredibly passionate about animals. She is the Vice President and Shelter Co-Chair with The Jefferson County Humane Society, Jefferson County, Ohio.  She enjoys spending time with her very loyal dog and 2 cats, all of whom she consider to be her “furchildren!”











William Taylor  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 

 







William TaylorAdvanced Estate Planning and Business Planning Manager
Phone - 412-227-3222
Email - wtaylor@fragassoadvisors.com
Bill is Fragasso’s advanced estate planning and business planning manager, assisting Fragasso’s financial advisors to help uncover their clients’ estate planning and business succession needs as part of their holistic financial plan. Bill’s primary role is to act as a support to the advisors and to collaborate with clients’ attorneys, accountants and other advisors to coordinate financial planning strategies. Previously, Bill worked with high net worth clients as a staff attorney at AYCO Company. He also spent time with the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance as well as providing estate and Medicaid planning at a local law firm.
Bill grew up in Framingham, Mass. He joined the Army at 18, during which time he was stationed in Germany and Alabama. He earned his bachelor’s degree in political science from U. Mass at Amherst, his Juris Doctor degree from Western New England College School of Law and his Master of Laws in taxation from Boston University School of Law. After law school, Bill moved to upstate New York and lived there for 12 years before moving to Pittsburgh. He enjoys running with his dogs and doing Crossfit with his wife, Christine. Bill is an avid sports fan and enjoys snowboarding, especially in Telluride, Colo.
 

Certifications:  JD/LL.M. in Taxation 










Rachel Weaver 

 







Rachel WeaverFinancial Planning Analyst 
Phone - 412-227-3234
Email - rweaver@fragassoadvisors.com
Rachel began her career at Fragasso as a client account specialist and has since moved up to the position of portfolio manager. She has always had the drive to help people and has worked in the financial services industry for 5 years.  Rachel finds it extremely rewarding to assist our clients to reaching their financial planning goals.  In that capacity, she is responsible for researching and creating the financial planning analysis alongside financial advisors. Additionally, she provides analysis on insurance needs, education funding and strategic asset allocation.
Rachel enjoys the outdoors and is an avid cyclist, so much so that she rides into the office every day barring frigid temperatures or ice storms.  She regularly competes at the weekly cycling races held at the Bud Harris Cycling Oval in Highland Park and races in Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia and Maryland through the summer and fall.

Certifications: Series 66 & 7 securities licensed through LPL Financial




















More to Explore




Measure Your Retirement Plan’s Success





Three Things Every New Investor Should Know





How Financial Advisors Should Work With Nonprofits





Retirement Expense Projection



 










You like what you've seen. What's next?




First Name

Please complete this mandatory field.


Email Address

Please complete this mandatory field.










 








Client login 




About

About Fragasso
The Fragasso Experience
The Fragasso Approach
Staff
Awards
Contact Us
Careers
Events


Services

Services Overview
Wealth Management
Retirement Plan Advisors
Portfolio Management
Nonprofit
Case Studies


Resource Center

Resource Overview
News
FAQ
White Papers
Videos
Radio


Blog
Client-Only Content


















