    François Tardan | Bureau Veritas Company | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














François Tardan: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:09 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Leitmotiv Private Equity Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
François   Tardan  Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner, Leitmotiv Private Equity LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships64--
Background

		Mr. François Tardan serves as Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner at Leitmotiv Private Equity Limited. Mr. Tardan serves as Treasurer of BVQI North America Inc., International Services Inc. (USA), TTNeptunus Services Ltd (UK), TTNeptunus Services Ltd (Bermuda) and Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services (USA) Inc. Officer of ATL Group Holdings Ltd (UK), ATL Consulting Group Ltd (UK), ATL Consulting Ltd (UK) and Accoustic Technology Ltd (UK). He served as Executive ... Vice President Finance Legal and Information Systems and Member of Management Board at Bureau Veritas Certification North America, Inc. Mr. Tardan served as Chief Executive Officer of Le Contrôle Technique SARL Sedhyca. Mr. Tardan served as Chief Financial Officer of Bureau Veritas SA from 1998 to November 2, 2011 and also served as its Member of the Management Board from June 19, 2002 to June 3, 2010, Executive Vice President, Executive Vice Chairman of Finance, Legal Affairs and Group IT Systems, Vice-President legal and Vice-President Finance. He started his career at the Ministry of Housing and Urban Development in Paris in 1980 where he worked until 1984. He then served as an investment banker in New York until and served as Vice-President of Corporate Development at Chantiers Modernes from 1989 to 1994. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Fondasol from 1995 to 1998. He began his career in 1980 as Civil Administrator at the French Ministry of Equipment and Organization of the Territory (Equipement de l’Aménagement du Territoire) in the French Economic and International Affairs Department (DAEI). He serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Soprefira SA (Luxemburg). He serves as a Supervisory Board of Laboratoire Central des Industries Electriques SA and Permanent Representative of Le Contrôle Technique SARL. He serves as on the board of following companies : Bivac International SA, Bureau Veritas SA, BVQI Holding SA, Sedhyca SARL, Tecnitas SA, Bureau Veritas Consulting (Shanghai) CO, Bureau Veritas Consulting (India) Pvt Bureau Veritas Italia Srl, Bureau Veritas Japan Co Ltd., Bureau Veritas Malaysia Sbn Bhd, Bureau Veritas del Peru SA, Bureau Veritas Romania Control International Ltd., Bureau Veritas Thailand Ltd., Bureau Veritas Vietnam Ltd., Bureau Veritas North America Inc., Bureau Veritas Holding Inc. (USA), BVQI Italia Srl, Istituto Certificazione Qualita Inspection Srl (Italy) and Plant Safety Ltd (UK). Mr. Tardan has been a Director of Bureau Veritas Inspection Limited since June 19, 2003. He has been an Independent Director of NV5 Global, Inc. since January 28, 2015. He serves as a Director of Plant Safety Ltd., ATL Group Holdings Ltd., ATL Consulting Ltd., ATL Consulting Group Ltd., Acoustic Technology Ltd. and TT Neptunus Services Ltd. He served as a Director of NETS (Plant Safety) Ltd. and Nuclear Structures (Protection) Ltd. He served as Non Executive Director of DTZ Holdings PLC (now, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc.) since January 20, 2009. Mr. Tardan holds an M.B.A. from Hautes Études Commerciales and graduated from École Nationale d'Administration, Institut D'etudes Politiques And Ecole Nationale D'administration and Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
303, St. George's BuildingHong Kong, -- --Hong KongPhone: 852 3796 6900Fax: 852 2810 6816
Board Members Memberships
2003-PresentDirectorBureau Veritas Inspection Limited2015-PresentIndependent DirectorNV5 Global, Inc.
Education
MBA Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales de MontrealUnknown/Other Education Institut d'Etudes Politiques de ParisUnknown/Other Education Institut D'etudes Politiques And Ecole Nationale D'administrationUnknown/Other Education Ecole Nationale D'Administration
Other Affiliations
Bureau Veritas SACushman & Wakefield, Inc.Bureau Veritas Inspection LimitedEcole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales de MontrealInstitut d'Etudes Politiques de ParisInstitut D'etudes Politiques And Ecole Nationale D'administrationEcole Nationale D'AdministrationBureau Veritas Certification North America, Inc.NV5 Global, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Leitmotiv Private Equity Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























François Tardan, MBA - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















François Tardan, MBA

Age : 64Public asset : 274,933 USDLinked companies :  NV5 Global Inc 





Summary 



Mr. François Tardan is Chairman at BIVAC International SA, Chairman at Financière Saint Germain SC, Chairman at Laboratoire Central des Industries Electriques SA, Chairman at Bureau Veritas CODDE SAS, Chairman at Bureau Veritas Operations France, Chairman at BIVAC Paraguay, Chairman at Soprefira SA, a Manager at Sedhyca SARL, a Manager at BIVAC Worldmarket BV, a Director-Finance & Director at Curtis Strauss LLP, a Director & Director-Finance at Bureau Veritas Marine, Inc., and Chief Executive Office & Founding Partner at Leitmotiv Private Equity Ltd.He is on the Board of Directors at NV5 Holdings, Inc., Bureau Veritas Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Bureau Veritas Quality Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Bureau Veritas (India) Pvt Ltd., Bureau Veritas Certification India Pvt Ltd., Bureau Veritas (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., Bureau Veritas CPS Sdn. Bhd., Bureau Veritas del Peru SA, Bureau Veritas Romania Controle International, Bureau Veritas Thailand Ltd., Bureau Veritas Italia Holding SpA, Bureau Veritas HK Ltd., Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services (Hong Kong) Ltd., Bureau Veritas Maroc, Bureau Veritas Lebanon SAL, Bureau Veritas Holdings SAS, Bureau Veritas Certification Canada, Inc., Bureau Veritas (Namibia) Pty Ltd., Amdel Ltd., Amdel Holdings Pty Ltd., Amdel Holdings (Finance) Pty Ltd., Labmark Pty Ltd., Bureau Veritas UK Holdings Ltd., Bureau Veritas UK Ltd., Inspectorate Group Holdings Ltd., Inspectorate Pledgeco, Inc., Bureau Veritas (Bangladesh) Pvt Ltd., Curtis Strauss LLP, and Bureau Veritas Marine, Inc.Mr. Tardan was previously employed as Non-Executive Director by DTZ Holdings Plc, Chief Financial Officer by Bureau Veritas SA, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Fondasol, and Vice President-Corporate Development by Chantiers Modernes.He received his undergraduate degree from École des Hautes Études Commerciales de Paris, an undergraduate degree from Ecole Nationale d'Administration, and an undergraduate degree from Sciences Po.



Current positions of François Tardan, MBA 









 NameTitle
Since
 NV5 Global Inc(Construction & Engineering)
Independent Director
2015Leitmotiv Private Equity Ltd.
Chief Executive Officer & Founding Partner
2009Laboratoire Central des Industries Electriques SA
Chairman
-Financière Saint Germain SC
Chairman
-BIVAC International SA
Chairman
-Bureau Veritas CODDE SAS
Chairman
-Bureau Veritas Operations France
Chairman
-BIVAC Paraguay
Chairman
-Soprefira SA
Chairman
-Amdel Ltd.
Director
-Amdel Holdings Pty Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas UK Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas UK Holdings Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas del Peru SA
Director
-Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Holdings SAS
Director
-Bureau Veritas Marine, Inc.
Director & Director-Finance
-Bureau Veritas HK Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Certification Canada, Inc.
Director
-Inspectorate Group Holdings Ltd.
Director
-Inspectorate Pledgeco, Inc.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Quality Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas (India) Pvt Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Certification India Pvt Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas CPS Sdn. Bhd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Romania Controle International
Director
-Bureau Veritas Thailand Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas Italia Holding SpA
Director
-Bureau Veritas Maroc
Director
-Bureau Veritas Lebanon SAL
Director
-Bureau Veritas (Namibia) Pty Ltd.
Director
-Amdel Holdings (Finance) Pty Ltd.
Director
-Labmark Pty Ltd.
Director
-Bureau Veritas (Bangladesh) Pvt Ltd.
Director
-Curtis Strauss LLP
Director-Finance & Director
-Sedhyca SARL
Manager
-BIVAC Worldmarket BV
Manager
-



Holdings of François Tardan, MBA 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 NV5 Global Inc (NVEE) Construction & Engineering 6,4690.061%274,933 USD



François Tardan, MBA: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

Didier Michaud-Daniel Bureau Veritas Marine, Inc.Bureau Veritas Certification Canada, Inc.Inspectorate Group Holdings Ltd.Inspectorate Pledgeco, Inc.Bureau Veritas HK Ltd.Bureau Veritas Holdings SAS 

Philippe Donche-Gay Bureau Veritas MarocBureau Veritas UK Ltd. 

Donald C. Alford NV5 Global Inc 

Dickerson C. Wright NV5 Global Inc 

Michael P. Rama NV5 Global Inc 

William D. Pruitt NV5 Global Inc 

Jeffrey A. Liss NV5 Global Inc 

Gerald J. Salontai NV5 Global Inc 

Mary Jo O'Brien NV5 Global Inc 

Richard Tong NV5 Global Inc 




Most Read News 




07/21DJMUKESH AMBANI : Reliance's Ambani Launches Low-Cost Mobile Phone for India



07/21DJINDRA NOOYI : PepsiCo 'Stretches' Managers At Top -- WSJ



07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



08:48aDJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



02:26p CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








François Tardan, MBA : Connections 



 NV5 Global Inc









Donald C. AlfordDickerson C. WrightMichael P. RamaWilliam D. PruittJeffrey A. LissGerald J. SalontaiMary Jo O'BrienRichard Tong




 Bureau Veritas SA









Didier Michaud-DanielPhilippe Donche-Gay




Bureau Veritas France SAS
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Coral Gable Trust Co.
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Clarke Industrial Engineering, Inc.
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Inspectorate International Ltd. (United Arab Emirates)
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Bureau Veritas International SAS
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Bureau Veritas Holdings SAS
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Coral Gables Trust
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Bureau Veritas Marine, Inc.
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Salontai Consulting Group, LLC
                                            








Gerald J. Salontai





Pruitt Ventures, Inc.
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Bureau Veritas Maroc
                                            








Philippe Donche-Gay





Bureau Veritas HK Ltd.
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Bureau Veritas Certification Canada, Inc.
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





NACD Florida Chapter, Inc.
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Inspectorate Group Holdings Ltd.
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Greensmith Energy Management Systems, Inc.
                                            








William D. Pruitt





Inspectorate Pledgeco, Inc.
                                            








Didier Michaud-Daniel





Auxis LLC
                                            








William D. Pruitt





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

William Ackman
Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Michael Dell
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
Terry Gou
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Maurice Lévy
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Francois Tardan - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Francois Tardan
Board Member at NV5 Global, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Francois Tardan? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Francois Tardan's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Francois Tardan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Francois Tardan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Francois Tardan through your network of contacts.
												








Francois Tardan's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
NV5 Global, Inc.


Past
To view Francois Tardan's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Francois Tardan's Biography



François Tardan has served as a member of our Board since January 28, 2015. Mr. Tardan has served as Chief Executive Officer of Leitmotiv Private Equity since 2012. From 1998 to 2011, Mr. Tardan served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bureau Veritas (BV), a global leader in testing, inspection and certification (Euronext Paris: BVI). During Mr. Tardan's tenure at BV, revenues grew from (euro)650 million to (euro)3.4 billion and EBITDA margins increased from 8% to 16.5%. Under his leadership, the company also completed more than 100 acquisitions in Asia, North America, Latin America, and Europe and completed a success ...
(Read More)

			François Tardan has served as a member of our Board since January 28, 2015. Mr. Tardan has served as Chief Executive Officer of Leitmotiv Private Equity since 2012. From 1998 to 2011, Mr. Tardan served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bureau Veritas (BV), a global leader in testing, inspection and certification (Euronext Paris: BVI). During Mr. Tardan's tenure at BV, revenues grew from (euro)650 million to (euro)3.4 billion and EBITDA margins increased from 8% to 16.5%. Under his leadership, the company also completed more than 100 acquisitions in Asia, North America, Latin America, and Europe and completed a successful IPO in 2007 with a placement exceeding (euro)1 billion. BV shares increased in price from (euro)37.7 to (euro)56 during the time Mr. Tardan was with the company despite the impact of the 2008 financial crisis. Before 1998, Mr. Tardan was President and CEO of Fondasol, a notable European geotechnical firm with offices in France, Brussels, Luxembourg and Morocco. François Tardan graduated from Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA) in Paris and received his MBA from Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC).
 
Our Board believes that Mr. Tardan's extensive financial accounting experience with corporate organizations combined with his international leadership experience, provides significant accounting expertise and exceptional global perspective that will aid our Board in making sound decisions regarding our expansion into international markets.
		
Source: NV5 Global, Inc. on 04/18/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Francois Tardan's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Francois Tardan. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Francois Tardan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Francois Tardan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Francois Tardan through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Francois Tardan


















Francois Tardan's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Francois Tardan's 18 connections »









Michael P. Rama
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, NV5 Global, Inc.









Jeffrey A. Liss
Lead Independent Director, NV5 Global, Inc.









Paul T. Idzik
Former Chief Executive Officer, E*TRADE Financial Corporation









Alexander A. Hockman
Dir., Chief Operating Officer and President, NV5 Global, Inc.









Richard Tong
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, NV5 Global, Inc.









Gerald J. Salontai
Board Member, NV5 Global, Inc.









William D. Pruitt
Former Board Member, NV5 Global, Inc.









Donald C. Alford
Dir. and Executive Vice President, NV5 Global, Inc.









Dickerson Wright
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, NV5 Global, Inc.









Peter Stone
Former Employee, DTZ Holdings








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Tardan – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending January 30, 2015
Posted on February 2, 2015 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



McDonald’s Corporation 
Altria Group, Inc. 
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. 


CDI Corp. 
Avon Products, Inc. 
Northrop Grumman Corporation 


Kroll Inc. 
Chiquita Brands International, Inc. 
The Krystal Company


Autotask Corporation
AmeraMex International, Inc. 
Oncology Services International


Aptaris
American Energy Partners, LP 
The Advertising Research Foundation 


Leidos Holdings, Inc. 
Convergys Corporation
Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc. 


Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. 
Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. 
NV5 Holdings, Inc. 


Medovex Corp. 
CenterPoint Energy, Inc. 
Sysorex 


ARC Document Solutions, Inc. 
WeGoLook, LLC
Convergence


Western Refining Logistics, LP 
Northern Tier Energy LP 
Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. 


Art’s Way Manufacturing Co., Inc. 
SI Financial Group, Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE: MCD) announced that Pete Bensen, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has been promoted to the newly-created role of Chief Administrative Officer. Kevin Ozan, who currently serves as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, will succeed Bensen and is promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Altria Group, Inc. (NYSE: MO) announced that Howard A. Willard will become Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Willard currently serves as Chief Financial Officer. Since joining the Altria companies in 1992, he has held leadership positions in numerous business functions of the Altria companies, including Finance, Strategy & Business Development, Sales, Information Services and Corporate Responsibility. William F. (Billy) Gifford, Jr. has been appointed Altria’s Chief Financial Officer, effective March 1, 2015. Mr. Gifford previously served as President and CEO of Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA) and currently is Altria’s Senior Vice President, Strategy & Business Development. Since joining the Altria companies in 1994, he has held numerous leadership roles in the Finance and Market Information and Consumer Research business functions.
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ: WBA) announced the appointment of George Fairweather, formerly group finance director of Alliance Boots, as executive vice president and global chief financial officer, effective 20 February 2015. Fairweather will succeed Timothy McLevish, who served as Walgreens chief financial officer since August 2014 and served as the initial global chief financial officer of the combined companies. McLevish will continue his service to Walgreens Boots Alliance as senior advisor to the chief executive officer for finance, integration and business development. Fairweather was group finance director of Alliance Boots since its formation in July 2006. He joined Alliance UniChem in the same position in 2002 and later led the financial integration during the merger with Boots Group. Previously Fairweather was group finance director of Elementis (joining when it was Harrisons and Crosfield) and before that, group finance director of Dawson International. Earlier in his career, Fairweather worked for Dixons Group in the UK and U.S., Procter & Gamble and KPMG Thomson McLintock.
CDI Corp. (NYSE: CDI) announced that Michael S. Castleman will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer following the filing of the Company’s SEC Form 10-K for 2014 in early March 2015. Robert M. Larney, Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving CDI to pursue other opportunities following the filing of the Company’s SEC Form 10-K for 2014. Castleman is currently EVP, Corporate Development and Operations and will continue to lead corporate development and operational analytics at CDI. Prior to joining CDI, Castleman served as president of Kenmore Craftsman and Diehard brands at Sears Holdings Corporation. He initially joined Kenmore Craftsman and Diehard as chief financial officer. Previously, Castleman founded or co-founded several investment firms, including Lehman Brothers Venture Partners, where he served as managing director and co-head. He has served as a director or board advisor to multiple companies.
Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE: AVP) announced the appointment of James S. Scully as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He will begin his role no later than April 1, 2015. Mr. Scully joins Avon after nine years with J. Crew. During his tenure, Mr. Scully served as J. Crew’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and most recently as Chief Operating Officer. Prior to J. Crew, he served in treasury and strategic and financial planning roles at luxury retailer Saks Incorporated, and in corporate finance and banking roles at Bank of America.
Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC) has appointed Heather M. Crofford vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) for its Enterprise Shared Services (ESS) organization, effective March 9. She replaces Donald E. McHugh, Jr. who has been appointed vice president, business operations director and controller of National Security Technologies LLC, a joint venture in which Northrop Grumman is a partner. Crofford most recently served as the director of business management for the Cyber division within Northrop Grumman’s Information Systems sector. Prior to that, she worked for more than 12 years for the Boeing Company in a number of increasingly responsible financial management positions, most recently as the CFO of the Electronic and Information Solutions division.
Kroll Inc. announced the appointment of Ken Roche as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Roche was a principal with Accordion Partners. Prior to Accordion, he was CFO and Lead Financial Consultant for CT Financial Solutions. In addition, Roche has held roles as CFO for Traxis Financial Group, CEO for Orbian Corporation, and Vice President and CFO for General Electric Trade Payable Services. Roche began his career with American Express.
Chiquita Brands International, Inc. announced the appointment of Darcilo Santos, as Chief Financial Officer. Since 2013, Mr. Santos worked at Safra Bank in São Paulo, Brazil, where he held several positions including Risk and Finance Executive, Managing Director and Chief Data Officer. Prior to his work at Safra Bank, Mr. Santos worked for 13 years at Banco Itaú BBA, where he held senior positions in the areas of Risk Management, MIS and Planning and Credit Portfolio Management.
The Krystal Company® announced the appointment of Carl Jakaitis as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for the Company. Jakaitis most recently served as CFO of McAlister’s Deli. Prior to McAlister’s®, Jakaitis was CFO with Petrus Brands. Before joining Petrus, he ran his own consulting business specializing in part-time CFO assignments. From 1994 to 2004, Jakaitis served as CFO for Church’s Chicken®. His restaurant experience also includes finance roles at Pizza Hut® and Boston Market®.
Autotask Corporation appointed Elmer Lai as Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Vince Zumbo, who served as Autotask’s CFO for the past four years. Elmer comes to Autotask from HubSpot, where he was Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer.  Elmer has also held senior financial management positions at Sonus Networks, Airvana and Razorfish/i-Cube.
AmeraMex International, Inc. (OTC: AMMX) named Tracie Hannick as its chief financial officer replacing Kevin Atkin whose contract was not renewed. Ms. Hannick has been working with AmeraMex International as a tax and financial consultant since 2010. Before joining AmeraMex Tracie was President of Bean Counting Firm for 11 years. Prior to this, Hannick worked in the non-profit sector for seven years.
Oncology Services International (OSI) announced the appointment of Robert (Bob) Lee as Chief Financial Officer. Lee most recently served as CFO of Guidemark Health.
Aptaris™ appointed William Gilmour as CFO. Most recently, Gilmour was executive vice president and CFO at Saxotech. Prior to Saxotech, Gilmour was CFO then elected as a member of the Board of Directors for Alogent Corporation.
American Energy Partners, LP (AELP) announced that it has hired Jennifer M. Grigsby as the Chief Financial Officer of its affiliates American Energy – Woodford, LLC (AEW) and American Energy – Minerals Holdings, LLC (AEMN).  Grigsby previously worked for Chesapeake Energy Corporation for 19 years in increasing roles of importance, including serving as Vice President, Assistant Treasurer and Corporate Secretary from 2006 to 2007; Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary from 2007 to 2013; and Senior Vice President, Corporate and Strategic Planning from 2013 to 2014. Prior to Chesapeake, Grigsby worked for Commander Aircraft Company and Deloitte & Touche, LLP.
The Advertising Research Foundation (ARF) is pleased to announce that Thomas Higgins has joined as the COO/CFO (Chief Operating and Financial Officer). Prior to joining the ARF Chris Bacon led the global Consumer Insights team at the Gallo Winery. Chris began his career at General Mills, taking on leadership roles of increasing responsibility across advertiser verticals at Pillsbury, Citibank, Pepsi, and Colgate-Palmolive. Prior to joining Gallo, Chris was Global Director of Consumer Insights for the Personal Care Division of Colgate-Palmolive.
Leidos Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: LDOS) announced that Chief Financial Officer Mark Sopp intends to retire from his position later this year, once an orderly transition has occurred, to pursue more time with family and other personal goals. Sopp came to Leidos (formerly SAIC) in 2005 and led the company’s initial public offering in 2006. He also led the finance efforts of the company’s separation into two publicly traded companies in 2013. Sopp joined Leidos after more than 18 years of financial industry leadership.
Convergys Corporation (NYSE: CVG) announced the appointment of Cheryl K. Beebe to its board of directors. Ms. Beebe will serve on the board’s Audit Committee. Ms. Beebe retired in 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ingredion Incorporated. She served in this role from 2010 to 2014. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Ingredion from 2004 to 2014. She also served in several leadership roles at CPC International (now Unilever Bestfoods). Ms. Beebe currently serves on the board of directors of Packaging Corporation of America.
Deluxe Entertainment Services Group Inc. announced the appointment of Neil Davidson as chief financial officer. Davidson joins Deluxe from Bally Technologies, where he served for nearly a decade, most recently as CFO.  Before joining Bally Technologies in 2006 as vice president of corporate accounting, he served as vice president of finance for Multimedia Games.
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. announced that Phil Green, who has served as chief financial officer since 1995, will become president of the holding company. Green joined the company in 1980 and held a number of managerial positions in the financial division before serving as chief financial officer from 1995 to 2015. Green is currently on the board of Frost Insurance and also served on the Frost Securities board. Jerry Salinas, who has been treasurer for 18 years, will become chief financial officer. Since joining Frost in 1986, Salinas has held various financial positions within Frost and Cullen/Frost. He was named bank and corporate controller in 1989 and treasurer in 1997.
Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (NYSE: CPS), the parent company of Cooper-Standard Automotive Inc., announced the appointments of Allen J. Campbell as executive vice president and chief infrastructure officer with concentration in the Asia-Pacific region, and Matthew W. Hardt as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Hardt will join Cooper Standard as executive vice president on February 2 and become CFO on March 2 when Campbell transitions to the chief infrastructure officer position stationed in the Asia-Pacific region. Campbell has been with Cooper Standard since 1998, serving in a series of financial and corporate leadership roles of increasing responsibility, including vice president of Asian operations. Prior to joining Cooper Standard, Campbell held various non-automotive, financial and business positions for The Dow Chemical Company for 18 years. Hardt most recently served as senior vice president, finance for the industrial solutions, and before that, the consumer and industrial solutions divisions at TE Connectivity Ltd. (previously Tyco Electronics). He also served as vice president of finance for Tyco’s specialty products group. He previously served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility at General Electric Co., including CFO for a number of the company’s global divisions.
NV5 Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVEE) announced the appointment of François Tardan to its Board of Directors. From 1998 to 2011, François Tardan served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bureau Veritas (BV). Before 1998 Mr. Tardan was President and CEO of Fondasol.
Medovex Corp. (NASDAQ: MDVXU) announced that the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Jeffery Wright as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Wright replaces Charles Farrahar, who will remain with the Company on a part-time basis as its Secretary. Prior to joining Medovex, Mr. Wright was an audit senior at Ernst & Young within the Assurance Services division. Prior to his career in public accounting, Mr. Wright worked as a trading analyst in the retirement trust services department at Reliance Trust Company.
CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CNP) announced the appointment of William (Bill) D. Rogers as executive vice president of finance and accounting, effective Feb. 9. He will succeed Gary L. Whitlock as executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective March 3. He will also remain on the board of Enable Midstream Partners. Rogers was most recently vice president and treasurer at American Water Works Company, Inc. Previously, he served as chief financial officer for NV Energy, Inc. He had previously served as vice president of finance, risk and tax, as well as corporate treasurer. Before joining NV Energy in June 2005, Rogers was a managing director in capital markets for Merrill Lynch and prior served in a similar role at JPMorgan Chase in New York.
Sysorex (NASDAQ: SYRX) has appointed Wendy Loundermon as its interim Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Loundermon replaces Will Frederick, who has resigned to pursue other interests. Ms. Loundermon joined the Company in 2002 and had been the CFO until October 2014. Prior to her re-appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Loundermon was serving as the Company’s Vice President of Finance and Secretary and continues to serve as President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of its Sysorex Government Services subsidiary.
ARC Document Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: ARC) announced the appointment of Jorge Avalos to succeed John Toth in the role of Chief Financial Officer of ARC at the end of January. Mr. Toth, the company’s current CFO, is leaving the company to pursue other business interests. Jorge Avalos has been ARC’s Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President of Finance since April 2011, having joined the company in June 2006 as the Company’s Director of Finance. He became the Company’s Corporate Controller in December 2006, and Vice President, Corporate Controller in December 2010. Prior to joining the company Mr. Avalos was the controller of Vendare Media Group.
WeGoLook, LLC has been named Kenneth Knoll as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining WeGoLook, he was a business consultant and recently guided WeGoLook through an investment round. Knoll served as the Director of Advisory Services at i2E, INC. Knoll has previously worked for ConocoPhillips leading audit teams in domestic and international business unit engagement. Additionally, he founded a service company and operated it for more than a decade before successfully exiting.
Convergence announced that Joseph (Joe) Dello Russo, former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative officer of MFS Investment Management has joined the Firm as a Senior Managing Director. During his professional career, Joe was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of MFS Investment Management. Prior to MFS, Joe was a senior finance and operations executive (including Director of Mutual Fund Operations and SVP and Controller) at The Boston Company (now owned by Bank of New York/Mellon), and an Audit Manager at Arthur Andersen & Co.
Western Refining Logistics, LP (NYSE: WNRL) announced that Karen B. Davis has resigned as Chief Financial Officer, to join Northern Tier Energy GP LLC, the general partner of Northern Tier Energy LP, and Northern Tier Energy LLC, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in March 2015. Gary R. Dalke, Executive Vice President of Western Refining Logistics GP, LLC, the general partner of WNRL, has been named Interim Chief Financial Officer, in addition to his current role as Executive Vice President, until a replacement has been identified. Mr. Dalke previously served as Chief Financial Officer of WNRL since its inception in July 2013.
Northern Tier Energy LP (NYSE: NTI) announced Karen B. Davis will serve as Executive Vice President of Northern Tier Energy LLC and Northern Tier Energy GP LLC, the general partner of Northern Tier Energy LP. The Partnership also announced that Dave Bonczek, Chief Financial Officer of Northern Tier Energy LLC and Northern Tier Energy GP LLC, has elected to step down as Chief Financial Officer effective March 16, 2015. Ms. Davis will assume the additional role of Chief Financial Officer for these entities, effective March 16, 2015. Ms. Davis joins the Company from Western Refining Logistics, LP, where she served as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Ms. Davis served as Chief Accounting Officer of PBF Energy and PBF Logistics and as Global Controller of Petroplus Holdings.
Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE: FGP) announced that Ryan VanWinkle has resigned as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to pursue other opportunities. Senior Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations Alan Heitmann, a 20-year veteran of the company, has agreed to serve as its Chief Financial Officer.
Art’s Way Manufacturing Co., Inc. (NASDAQ: ARTW) announced that Amber Murra has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer.  Prior to this position, Ms. Murra served as the Director of Finance for Art’s Way Manufacturing.  Ms. Murra began her career in public accounting at KDV, and has also worked at J.L. Swanson, Chtd and Winnebago Industries.
SI Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: SIFI), the holding company for Savings Institute Bank and Trust Company, announced that Brian J. Hull, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has announced his retirement effective April 10, 2015. Mr. Hull will be succeeded by Lauren Murphy, who is currently the Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer. Ms. Murphy joined the Bank in 2004 and was named Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer in 2013.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,404 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



NV5 Appoints Francois Tardan to Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)NV5 Appoints Francois Tardan to Board of DirectorsMarketwiredJanuary 29, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareHOLLYWOOD, FL--(Marketwired - Jan 29, 2015) -  NV5 Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") (  NASDAQ :  NVEE ), a provider of professional and technical engineering and consulting solutions, is pleased to announce the appointment of François Tardan to its Board of Directors. From 1998 to 2011, François Tardan served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bureau Veritas (BV), a global leader in testing, inspection and certification (  EURONEXT PARIS :  BVI ). BV was founded in 1828 and today has more than 64,000 employees and 1,330 offices and laboratories in 140 countries.During Mr. Tardan's tenure at BV, revenues grew from EUR 650 million to EUR 3.4 billion and EBITDA margins increased from 8% to 16.5%. Under his leadership the company also completed more than 100 acquisitions in Asia, North America, Latin America, and Europe and completed a successful IPO in 2007 with a placement exceeding EUR 1 billion. BV shares increased in price from EUR 37.7 to EUR 56 during the time Mr. Tardan was with the company despite the impact of the 2008 financial crisis. Before 1998 Mr. Tardan was President and CEO of Fondasol, a notable European geotechnical firm with offices in France, Brussels, Luxembourg and Morocco. François Tardan graduated from Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA) in Paris and received his MBA from Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC)."I am very excited to have an opportunity to work with the NV5 management team. I believe my experience will allow me to add value to the Board in several key areas," said François Tardan."I know first-hand that François will bring a wealth of knowledge and experience to the NV5 Board," said Dickerson Wright, Chairman and CEO of NV5. "François lead Bureau Veritas in the acquisition and integration of our public company, U.S. Laboratories (  NASDAQ :  USLB ). I was the Chairman and CEO of U.S. Laboratories and became the CEO of Bureau Veritas North America and reported to François. Under his guidance we made 13 successful acquisitions from 2003 to 2008 and grew the North American platform from $80 million in revenue to approximately $300 million," he added. About NV5 NV5 Holdings, Inc. (  NASDAQ :  NVEE ) is a provider of professional and technical engineering and consulting solutions to public and private sector clients in the infrastructure, energy, construction, real estate and environmental markets. NV5 primarily focuses on five business verticals: construction quality assurance, infrastructure, energy, program management and environmental solutions. The Company operates 28 offices in California, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Ohio and is headquartered in Hollywood, Florida. For additional information, please visit the Company's website at www.NV5.com. Also visit the Company on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Vimeo.Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company cautions that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to: (a) changes in demand from the local and state government and private clients that we serve; (b) general economic conditions, nationally and globally, and their effect on the market for our services; (c) competitive pressures and trends in our industry and our ability to successfully compete with our competitors; (d) changes in laws, regulations, or policies; and (e) the "Risk Factors" set forth in the Company's most recent SEC filings. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update such statements.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextNorth Korea Fires Missile Near Japan; Tokyo, Seoul Officials Hold Emergency MeetingsNewsweekEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredFacebook and Google are in a battle to control their explosive spendingCNBCApollo raises $24.6 billion for largest private equity fund everReutersUS and South Korea discuss 'military options' in wake of latest North Korea ICBM testThe IndependentDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredFANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish ReversalInvestopediaThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chartMarketWatchChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military serviceBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.6k








