
  FEMDX Quote - Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities Fund   FEMDX:US   NASDAQ GM        11.69USD   0.01   0.09%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   10.63 - 11.80    1 Yr Return   9.60%    YTD Return   7.15%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   11.68    52Wk Range   10.63 - 11.80    1 Yr Return   9.50%    YTD Return   7.15%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Markets Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   11.69    Total Assets (m USD) (on 06/30/2017)   514.644    Inception Date   05/24/2006    Last Dividend (on 12/15/2016)   0.0228    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   WILLIAM LEDWARD    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.99%    Expense Ratio   1.00%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        EG589322:COR   URUGUA 3.7 06/26/37    229.72 k 19.11 m 3.72      EI258596:COR   SAGB 7 02/28/31    270.00 k 16.87 m 3.28      LW675349:COR   TURKGB 8.7 07/11/18    57.00 k 15.83 m 3.08      ED964066:COR   ELSALV 7.65 06/15/35    14.80 k 13.96 m 2.72      FKASAAU:LX   Franklin Templeton Investment    8.60 k 12.93 m 2.52      EJ660829:COR   FIDBAN 6 ⅞ 05/09/18    12.10 k 11.68 m 2.27      UV771363:COR   OSCHAD 9 ⅝ 03/20/25    11.00 k 11.27 m 2.19      EF230685:COR   IRAQ 5.8 01/15/28    12.60 k 11.22 m 2.18      LW040305:COR   NEUQUE 8 ⅝ 05/12/28    9.91 k 11.19 m 2.18      EI736133:COR   MBONO 5 12/11/19    2.04 m 10.85 m 2.11           Profile   Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks to achieve a high total return. The Fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets in debt securities of emerging market countries.    Address  Franklin Templeton InvestmentsOne Franklin ParkwayBuilding 9701st FloorSan Mateo, CA 94403   Phone  1-800-632-2350   Website   www.franklinresources.com              
  FEMIYDE Quote - Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities II Fund - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities II Fund   FEMIYDE:LX          9.32EUR   0.01   0.11%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   SICAV    52Wk Range   8.65 - 9.66    1 Yr Return   6.88%    YTD Return   4.95%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   9.31    52Wk Range   8.65 - 9.66    1 Yr Return   6.54%    YTD Return   4.95%    Fund Type   SICAV    Objective   Emerging Markets Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   9.32    Total Assets (m EUR) (on 06/30/2017)   689.145    Inception Date   11/30/2012    Last Dividend (on 11/01/2016)   0.632    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   6.78%    Fund Managers   WILLIAM LEDWARD / NICHOLAS HARDINGHAM    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.70%    Expense Ratio   0.84%                     Profile   Franklin Emerging Market Debt Opportunities II Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Luxembourg. The Fund's objective is to achieve income yield and long-term capital appreciation. The Fund will invest primarily in fixed- and floating-rate debt securities and debt obligations of government and government-related issuers located in emerging market countries.    Address  Franklin Templeton Investments26, Boulevard RoyalL-2449 LuxembourgLuxembourg   Phone  352-46-66-67-1   Website   www.franklintempleton.lu              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Templeton Emerging Markets Bond Fund - FEMGX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Emerging Markets Bond Fund - FEMGX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email




















                    [alert-heading]
                






Dec 31 2016
Templeton Emerging Markets Bond Fiscal Year-end Date Changed to December 31, Effective 12/31/16
                            - 
            Read More
        

Effective December 31, 2016, Templeton Emerging Markets Bond Fund changed its fiscal year-end date from August 31 to December 31. For more information on this change, please contact your financial advisor or call Franklin Templeton Investor Services at (800) 632-2301.














FEMGX





Templeton Emerging Markets Bond Fund





            Share Class
         A 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/27/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.00


$9.41




            POP


$9.83




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

8.79%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

8.27%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

—





            Since inception
        

            Inception:
        04/01/2013

1.61%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Multi Sector





            Distributions
        

Quarterly




            CUSIP
        

880   208   830




            Fund Number
        

072




            Inception Date
        


Apr 01, 2013




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$17.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        As of 07/27/2017


4.58%









            30-Day Standardized yield
        
As of 06/30/2017 
            (updated monthly)
        




            w/ Waiver
        

7.96%




            w/o Waiver
        

6.82%












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 05/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        



3.28%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

1.19%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

4.25%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.16%














            Fund Description
        




The fund's investment goal is to seek current income with capital appreciation as a secondary goal. Under normal market conditions, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in a non-diversified portfolio of bonds issued by governments or government related entities that are located in emerging market countries, as well as bonds issued by emerging market corporate entities.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Emerging market bonds provide exposure to different interest rate and currency dynamics, as well as attractive yields offered by developing countries around the world."                                            
                                            












Management







Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1995
Managed Fund Since 2013










Laura Burakreis, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2006
Managed Fund Since 2013











            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        
Quantitative and qualitative analysis is supplemented with on-the-ground research, leveraging the resources of local analysts around the world to identify investment opportunities and risks that a solely U.S.-based manager might miss.
Research efforts focus on rigorous country analysis to identify economic imbalances leading to value opportunities in currencies, interest rates (duration) and sovereign and corporate credit.
We continually evaluate risk, shifting the risk budget based on relative attractiveness over the course of global economic and credit cycles.



            Benefits
        
Income potential. By investing in emerging market bonds, the fund can potentially offer an attractive level of income.
Economic Growth. Emerging markets have increased their share of the global economy and capital markets, a trend which we believe is likely to continue.
Diversification. Adding emerging markets fixed income securities to an overall investment portfolio including other major asset classes offers investors the potential for greater diversification.








            Results
        


























            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency rate fluctuations (which may be significant over the short-term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with their relatively small size and lesser liquidity
Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio that may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment.
The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
Bonds are subject to liquidity risk, which may have an adverse impact on the security's value or a fund's ability to sell such securities.
Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio, share price and yield.
Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline.
Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value
Investments in lower rated securities include higher risks of default and loss of principal.
These and other risks are discussed in the fund's prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        
$1,000.00



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency rate fluctuations (which may be significant over the short-term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with their relatively small size and lesser liquidity. Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio that may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. Bonds are subject to liquidity risk, which may have an adverse impact on the security's value or a fund's ability to sell such securities. Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio, share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. Investments in lower rated securities include higher risks of default and loss of principal. These and other risks are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the JP Morgan EMBI Global Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the JP Morgan EMBI Global Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include an expense reduction or fee waiver related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 4/30/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include an expense reduction or fee waiver related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 12/31/17.  Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































