

	Protective Packagaing Products & Systems | FP International












































COUNTRY SELECTOR
























About FPIThe CompanyTrack PackageFP HistoryTrack PackageService and SupportTrack PackageNews and Press ReleasesTrack PackageCareersBenefitsTrack PackageCurrent OpeningsTrack PackageTrack PackageLegal InformationTrack PackageTrack PackageProductsAir CushionsTrack PackageInflator MachinesTrack PackageFoamTrack PackageBubbleTrack PackageMailerTrack PackagePaperTrack PackageLoosefillTrack PackageTrack PackageCustomer SolutionsDistribution/Fulfillment PackagingTrack PackageRetail PackagingTrack PackageIntegration ServicesTrack PackageDIM Weight Shipping StandardsTrack PackageTrack PackageEnvironmentalSustainabilityTrack PackageRecyclingTrack PackageBiodegradable Q & ATrack PackageCompliance with CaliforniaTrack PackageCalifornia Law SB567 Q&ATrack PackageTrack PackageContact FPIUSA and North AmericaTrack PackageAsiaTrack PackageAustraliaTrack PackageSouth AmericaTrack PackageEuropeTrack PackageTrack PackageTrack Package






 





















Inflator MachinesPOWER PAK'RPRO PAK'RMINI PAK'R INDUSTRIALEZNOVUSPILLOW PAK'RMINI PAK'RProductsAir CushionsInflator MachinesFoamBubbleMailerPaperLoosefillApplicationsBlock & BraceCorner ProtectionCross-LayerInterleavingMailersSurface ProtectionTop LayeringVoid FillWrapping


PRODUCT SELECTOR
 ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
PACKING GUIDE
BUY MINI PAKR











































































DIM Weight Shipping Standards


DIM Weight Shipping – Is your business prepared for potential changes to freight rates? FP can help. 



Read More














MINI PAK'R® Air Cushion System


Ship from Store/Return to Manufacturer program – FP's MINI PAK'R solution is designed specifically for retail environments.  


Read More














POWER PAK'R® Air Cushion System


High volume, direct "in to the box" packaging with the POWER PAK'R system.  


Read More














FIRST PRIORITY Service 


Our Technical Help Desk is manned by skilled technicians to support your needs. Call: 866-FPI-SUPPORT. 






















	FREE FLOW Trademark of Lawson Products, Inc.. Serial Number: 85317692 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
FREE FLOW










 
Get FREE email alerts













FREE FLOW  Trademark Information
 Lawson Products, Inc.
Bathroom cleaning supplies, namely, urinal cleaners




Perfect for these industries

Cosmetics and Cleaning Products





Words that describe this mark
bathroom   cleaning   supplies         urinal   cleaners    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FREE FLOW trademark by Lawson Products, Inc. 
                                in Des Plaines, IL, 60018.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FREE FLOW trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Lawson Products, Inc. of the FREE FLOW trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FREE FLOW trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, May 11, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FREE FLOW by 
                        Lawson Products, Inc., Des Plaines, IL  60018.
                        The USPTO has given the FREE FLOW 
                        trademark serial  number of  85317692.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for FREE FLOW is 
                        
                        
                                            ALAIN VILLENEUVE of 
                                            VEDDER PRICE, PC,  222 N LASALLE ST, CHICAGO, IL 60601-1003 
                                .
                            The FREE FLOW trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Cosmetics and Cleaning Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FREE FLOW 
                            is Bathroom cleaning supplies, namely, urinal cleaners. 
                            





Word mark:
 FREE FLOW


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/1/2011

Estimated Renewal Deadline: November 1, 2017See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85317692


  Filing Date:  
5/11/2011


 Registration Number:  
4049383 


 Registration Date:  
11/1/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Bathroom cleaning supplies, namely, urinal cleaners


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/16/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Lawson Products, Inc.Des Plaines, IL  60018
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ALAIN VILLENEUVE
VEDDER PRICE, PC
222 N LASALLE ST
CHICAGO, IL 60601-1003






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (003) - Bleaching preparations and other substances for laundry use; cleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparations; soaps; perfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotions; dentifrices. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/2003


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/2003





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FREE FLOW trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/1/2011
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ALAIN VILLENEUVE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FREE FLOW trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search freeflow on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FREE FLOW 




FREE FLOW is providing Bathroom cleaning supplies, namely, urinal cleaners.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 
































Free Flow Products Inc., E. PINEVIEW STREET, OLATHE, 66061, United States | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Free Flow Products Inc.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United States






        See Free Flow Products Inc.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized Mexico shipments
1 Mexico shipment available for Free Flow Products Inc.




Date
Data Source
Customer
Details


2011-08-30
See all 1 mexico shipment for Free Flow Products Inc. with Panjiva's Mexico data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Free Flow Products Inc.
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Industrias Michelin Sa De Cv 






1 customer available
        







Contact information for Free Flow Products Inc.


 

Address
E. PINEVIEW STREET, OLATHE, 66061, United States

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Bill of Lading Number
1012475


Shipment Date
2011-08-30


Consignee
Industrias Michelin Sa De Cv


Consignee (Original Format)
INDUSTRIAS MICHELIN SA DE CV
AV COYOACAN/1213//DEL VALLE/B JUAREZ DF/M LAURENT Y CDA COYOACAN
Coyoacan
Distrito Federal
3100


Consignee Tax Number
IMI9709082M5


Shipper
Free Flow Products Inc.


Shipper (Original Format)
FREE FLOW PRODUCTS INC.
E. PINEVIEW STREET

OLATHE
66061


Shipper Registration Number
203485241


Shipment Origin
United States


Port of Unlading
Nuevo Laredo (MX)


Port of Unlading (Original Format)
NUEVO LAREDO, NUEVO LAREDO, TAMAULIPAS.


Country of Sale
United States


Transport Method
Truck


Customs Regime
Final Import / Export


Customs Agent
3840


Gross Weight (kg)
2.72


Gross Weight (t)
0.002722


Value of Goods, CIF (USD)
$727


Value of Goods, CIF (MXN)
9088.0


Freight Value (MXN)
204


Exchange Rate (MXN-USD)
$12


Item Origin
United States


HS Code
63079099


Goods Shipped
MANGA DE TOLVA DE MATERIA TEXTIL


Shipment Quantity
1.0


Shipment Unit
Pieza


Value of Goods, Item CIF (USD)
$727


Value of Goods, Item CIF (MXN)
9088


Shipment Value (MXN)
8122


Tax Quantity
1.24


Tax Unit
Kilo


Value Added Tax 1 Value (MXN)
1454


Value Added Tax Rate
16.0


WTO Valuation Method Code
1










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 







Heavy Metals Waste Treatment - Free Flow Technologies, Ltd.

























Heavy Metals Treatment Products & Environmental Consulting












 Click on Pictures Above for Details 




What We Do


Soils Remediation



Treatment reagent products that provide permanent stabilization for insitu remediation of all soils and sludges contaminated with heavy metals.
Free Flow reagents are the heavy metals waste treatment choice due to: lower treatment dosages, substantial cost savings, ease of use and quick availability.
Successfully used by municipal, state, federal and private sector clients for more than a decade to treat heavy metals contaminated soils at industrial site, military sites, gun & shooting ranges, sediments, mine waste and other sites.

Read More



Environmental  Services



Environmental Compliance Services

Environmental Site Assessments (Phase I, Phase II, Audits, etc…)
Environmental Compliance Plans, Reports and Documentation
Permitting and Compliance Reporting
Regulatory Consultation

Environmental Remediation Services

Remedial Design/Construction
Operations, Maintenance, and Monitoring
"Turnkey" Free Flow Product Systems
Equipment Fabrication
Construction Management
Risk Assessment
Site Decommissioning
Pilot Studies
Treatability Studies


Read More



WasteTreatment



Standard & custom heavy metals treatment reagents for foundries throughout the United States.
Permenant treatment for RCRA metals. (Lead, Arsenic, Barium, Mercury, Chromium, etc.) 
In addition, we offer technical & support services to assure effective solution for treatment needs.

Read More



Treatment  Systems



Free Flow Technologies designs waste treatment systems specific to manufacturing operations.We collect all the necessary information (waste generation rates, dust collector information, dimensions, etc.) to properly size the system and provide an equipment quote.
Free Flow can complete the job as a turnkey installation or we will work with plant personnel and preferred electrical, mechanical and HVAC contractor(s) to ensure that the system is installed properly and efficiently.

-Design
-Construction
-Installation
-Support & Treatment Reagents


Read More







Treatment Applications


Soils Remediation



Treatment applications include:

Industrial Sites
Military Sites
Gun & Shooting Ranges
Sediments
Mine Waste



Read More



Foundry Waste Treatment



Treatment applications for:

Grey Iron Foundries
Non-ferrous Foundries
Pipe Shops
Casting Foundries
Ductile Iron Foundries


Read More



Recycling & Scrap



Treatment applications for:

Scrap Metals Recyclers
Lead Battery Recyclers
Glass Recycling
Lamp Recyclers
Electronics Scrap Recyclers


Read More



Organics & VOCs



Treatment applications for:

Industrial Sites
Former Dry Cleaners
Gas Stations & Fuel Depots
Chemical Recycling Sites
Sites with leaking UST's


Read More







Heavy Metals Treatment Products

Free Flow Technologies, Ltd. offers a variety of reagent blends that are specially developed to reduce the mobility of heavy metals in contaminated materials. Utilizing reactive anions, our reagents fixate metals by converting them into insoluble minerals. Special additives further bind and lock the metals within an oxide lattice structure that is stable across a variety of adverse chemical conditions.
The Free Flow chemistry has been utilized throughout the United States and has proved to be effective on RCRA metals. The combined additives form a blend that prevents leaching in all types of environments. The blends pass the SPLP, TCLP and MEP, which is the EPA approved method for determining the long term stability of treated waste.They have been approved for use in remediation projects directed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, USEPA, DOD, U.S. Navy, and various state agencies.
SDS Information



Free Flow 100®


Free Flow 100® (FF-100®) reagent is utilized throughout the United States in both fixed-based applications and remediation projects for the stabilization of heavy metals in contaminated waste materials and soils.
FF-100® is effective on a variety of RCRA metals and most frequently used to stabilize lead, cadmium, barium and chromium. The chemistry is capable of achieving results below the universal treatment standard and produces a stabilized material with long-term stabilization characteristics.

Read More



Free Flow 200®


Free Flow 200® (FF-200®) reagent has proven to be an effective and economical alternative to traditional blends for lead stabilization in soils and sludges. FF-200® is easy to handle in the field and provides effective non-reversing fixation of the lead at low dosages.

Read More



Free Flow 300®


The chemistry is robust and fast acting to form insoluble salts with RCRA metals at low dosages and ensures protection from future liability in onsite and commercial landfills. 
                    Benefits:

Lower Dosages
Cost Savings

When compared to the competition, this chemistry sells at half the cost and ensures a lower dosage than other chemistries. 

Read More



Custom Blends


Do you have a challenging, heavy metals contaminated waste stream or wastes?
Try our custom blends designed to meet fulfill your specific treatment needs.
Our Loves Park (IL) facility is capable of producing and storing special & custom blends at the rate of 25 tons/hr.

Read More







Environmental Services


Environmental Compliance Services

Free Flow Technologies environmental compliance and permitting services range from single-site defined programs to comprehensive services for entire companies, including due diligence for mergers and acquisitions.
We have capabilities and experience in the following environmental compliance services:
Environmental Site Assessments  (Phase I, Phase II, Audits, etc…)

Phase I Environmental Site Assessments
Phase II Environmental Site Assessments
Environmental Compliance Audits/Assessments
PCB Assessments

Environmental Compliance Plans, Reports and Documentation

Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) Plan
Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP)
Facility Response / Contingency Plan
Hazardous Waste Management Plan
Waste Minimization Plan
Community Right to Know (Tier II, Tier III, Form R)
OSHA Hazard Communication (HAZCOM)
OSHA Safety Plans (Confined Space, Chemical Exposure)
Wastewater Discharge Monitoring (Sampling / Reporting)
Industrial Ventilation
Clean Construction Demolition Debris (CCDD) Certifications (Sampling / Reporting)
Illinois Office of the State Fire Marshal (OSFM) tank assessments

Permitting and Compliance Reporting

Air Construction and Operating Permits
                  
Title V
FESOP
State Permit
Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD)
New Source Review (NSR)
Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT)
Air Modeling - NESHAPS (National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants)

Annual Air Emission Inventory
Storm Water and Waste Water Permits (National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System - NPDES)
RCRA Permits
Solid Waste Permits

Regulatory Consultation

Chemical Inventories / MSDS
Waste Minimization
Pollution Prevention
Environmental and Safety Training
Regulatory Negotiation




Environmental Remediation Services

We are dedicated to developing and implementing solutions that safely and cost-effectively address complex remediation challenges, provide economic and environmental benefits, and address public concerns.
Free Flow can provide the full range of services required to develop and implement any remedial action program (RCRA, CERCLA, LUST, TSCA, SRP/VAP, Brownfields), from conducting the environmental impact study through to design, construction and operations assistance.
Services include:
Remedial Design/Construction

ART Organics Remediation
Solidification/Stabilization
Soil Vapor Extraction (SVE)/Aquifer Air Sparging (AS)
Free Product Recovery
Bioremediation
Groundwater Pump and Treatment Systems
Dual-phase Vacuum Recovery
In situ Chemical Oxidation
Natural Attenuation
Thermal Desorption
Excavation and Disposal

Operations, Maintenance, and Monitoring

Permit Compliance Testing and Reporting
System Analysis
Operation and Maintenance Manuals / Training
Equipment Maintenance and Repair
Waste Disposal

'Turnkey' Free Flow Product Systems
Equipment Fabrication
Construction Management
Risk Assessment
Site Decommissioning
Pilot Studies
Treatability Studies


Our Certifications

Licensed Professional Design Firm/Professional Engineering Corporation (Illinois, Arkansas)
Wisconsin - PECFA Registered Consulting Firm
Certified Waste Water Treatment Operator - Class K
Licensed Professional Engineer (Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin)
Licensed Professional Geologist / Hydro-geologist
40 Hour OSHA HAZWOPER
Confined Space
Wisconsin PECFA registered consultant










Documentation
SDS Information
Free Flow-100® Free Flow-200® Free Flow-300®
Free Flow-100FS®
Specification Sheets
Free Flow-100®
Free Flow-200®
Free Flow-300®
Patent Information
Patent Information Request


Frequently Asked Questions
Remediation FAQs
Inline Treatment FAQs
Organics (ART) FAQs


News
Arsenic Remediation Project
An arsenic remediation project at an industrial site in the southern US
New Air Permit for Brass Foundry
One of Free Flow Technologies "Environmental Compliance Services" 
Remote Military Site
Military site cleanup in Alaska.
National Park Service
Cleanup at former missle site in Florida.
Sludge Stabilization
Complex sludge stabilization project.
Firing Range Cleanup
Economical and effective cleanup of US Army firing range.
Petroleum Plume Cleanup Update
ART well remediation system.
Custom Treatment Systems
Foundry dust/fumes treatment system - designed and installed by Free Flow Technologies.
Mining Waste Remediation 
Free Flow Products Excel in SPLP. - Low dosage FF-200® treatment of mining waste has no problem meeting SPLP standards.






Contact Us



Send Us a Message





Free Flow Technologies
Offices
4920 Forest Hills Rd,
 Suite 200
Loves Park, IL  61111

815-636-0166
815-636-0560 (fax)
(Map to Offices)

Production Facility
1200 Windsor Rd
Loves Park, IL 61111

(Map to Production Facility)



How to find us















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Free Flow Inc - Gretna, NE - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NE



Gretna



Sheet Metalwork



Manufacturing - Flumes, Sheet Metal



                            Free Flow Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Free Flow Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



205 W HIGHWAY 370 GRETNA, NE 68028
Get Directions



(402) 332-4818
www.freeflowinc.com





Business Info



 Founded 1971
 Incorporated NE
 Annual Revenue $370,000.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Manufacturing - Flumes, Sheet Metal
 Contacts H G Klug







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Free Flow Inc was founded in 1971, and is located at 205 W Highway 370 in Gretna. Additional information is available at www.freeflowinc.com or by contacting H G Klug at (402) 332-4818. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Free Flow Inc's Reviews, Salaries, Interviews & Resumes | LiveCareer


























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  






















 LiveCareer 
 Company 
Free Flow Inc 

















Search


















Free Flow Inc














Overview



 Reviews
                                



 Interviews
                                



 Compensation
                                



 Benefits
                                


Is This your Company?














Free Flow Inc Overview



Website:

www.freeflowsilo.com

Locations:


                                                             Blaine, TN 

                                                
& 5 other cities



Employees:
21




Founded:
N/A
President:
Armindia Freeman
Industry:

Conveyors And Conveying Equipment
& 2 other industries



Revenue:
$5,914,060





                                            A conveyors and conveying equipment company, Free Flow Inc is situated directly at Blaine, TN. It pulls in a yearly revenue of $5.9 million and employs 21 people. Free Flow Inc's success is largely dependent on a specialized market. The firm's success rests upon President Armindia Freeman.
                                        









What’s your overall rating for Free Flow Inc?
Skip question 









All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



Thank you! Please, type the name of that employer.




Got it! 

Now tell us more about your employer

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous

You have already provided some feedback on this company! 



Are you a current or former employee?
Skip question 



 Current
                

 Former
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Would you recommend Free Flow Inc to a friend?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How difficult was the interview at Free Flow Inc?
Skip question 


Easy
Hard

5.0
 4.0
 3.0 
2.0 
1.0 

Hard
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




Did you get an offer?
Skip question 



 Yes
                

 No
                
All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




What's your base salary?
Skip question 



$0-$29,999
$30,000-$37,999
$38,000-$49,999
$50,000-$67,999
$68,000+

All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous




How do you rate the benefits at Free Flow Inc?
Skip question 











All reviews and ratings are completely anonymous



GO TO FULL REVIEW



GO TO FULL REVIEW
Go to Company Overview




Your review is looking great!
Want to share more of your experience?

General Review

The Interview Process

Your Compensation

your Benefits


GO TO FULL REVIEW




Thanks for providing information about your experience with Free Flow Inc








Add a New Company

Please fill out the information below about the company



Company Name



Company's Website



Business Address



Business Address (Optional)





State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






City





Zip







                                        You agree to the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
                                    




SUBMIT
Cancel









 



Build your resume today for FREE
Build your resume today


































Free Flow Inc Top Locations











Popular Job Titles at Free Flow Inc














Build your resume for FREE and get the job you've always wanted.
Build your resume today









Upload your logo.












Drop image here or click to  browse
(Acceptable file types include JPEG, PNG and Size should be less than 50KB)



File size 
Type 
Image dimension 



Uploading…
Error! . Try again!























Sign in to your Account


Email Address



Password



Log In


Stay signed in
                                        




Log In
Log In





Forgot password?

                                Don’t have an account? Sign up













Create a LiveCareer account


First Name



Last Name



Email Address



Password



Sign up





Already have an account?















Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  















Free Flow, Inc | Automobile Recycling, Parts and Auto Products







































































Please enable JavaScript to view this website.

















Select a page


















































 





Every year approximately eleven million (11,000,0000) cars are scrapped and end up in salvage yards for reprocessing 







 


Use of recycled auto parts save over 80 million barrels of oil annually that would be required to produce new replacement parts 


Auto recycling provides about 40% of the ferrous metal for the scrap processing industry across North America 


Substituting low sulphur scrap metal for high sulphur raw ore can reduce a steel mill’s air pollution by 76% 


Oil and fluids safely reclaimed by auto recyclers is equivalent to 8 Exxon Valdez disasters every year 


 




 




About Free Flow


Free Flow, Inc. (FFLO) is a OTC BB/Pink sheet company incorporated in Delaware. FFLO Consists of mulitple Businesses which make up Subsidiaries and Divisions:
JK Sales Corp.
JKS is a subsidiary of FFLO. JKS plans to build a covered auto recycling i.e., a disassembly, warehousing and shipping facility of used auto parts and tires, on its nineteen + (19+) acre facility in King George, Virginia. The location is an existing approved Recycling operation and has existed as a licensed Auto Wrecking facility for many years.
HYGIENIQ.COM
HYGIENIQ.COM is a division of FFLO. HYGIENiQ™ is a revolutionary sterilizing, deodorizing and air-purifying technology. It is the easiest and most effective way to constantly sterilize/deodorize/air purify the inside of motor vehicles.
When exposed to sunlight, HYGIENiQ™ breaks down and eliminates all allergens, odors, and air pollutants in a vehicle, purifying and protecting car interiors for a fresher and healthier driving experience.
Motors & Metals, Inc.
As subsidiary of FFLO, the company has ongoing orders to ship automobile motors overseas. The Company also processes catalytic converters for recovery of precious metals.
See More





Free Flow, Inc. Latest News

FREE FLOW, (“FFLO”) Signs Distribution Agreement; Anticipates One to Three Million Dollars in SalesMay 2, 2017Free Flow, Inc. (FFLO:OTCPINK) announces that its wholly owned subsidiary, Motors and Metal, Inc. (“MMI”), signed a Parts and Distribution Agreement (the “Agreement”) with SAM International-F.Z.E (“SAM”), a free-trade zone enterprise, Emirate of Ajman, United Arab Emirates and M & …Read More »




 
Subscribe to News










Your Email (required)
 



FFLO Video/Presentations
HYGIENiQ™ Video

HYGIENiQ™ Presentation
Click on Image to View Presentation

 




















 
 

 2301 Woodland Crossing Dr
Suite 155
Herndon, VA 20171
Phone: (703) 789 3344

 




























































FREE FLOW, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





FREE FLOW, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
FREE FLOW, INC.


Company Address
9130 EDGEWOOD DRIVELA MESA, CA 91941


Company Phone
619 741-1006


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
S. Douglas Henderson


Employees  (as of 7/5/2012) 
1


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (3/6/2012)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
1,134,404


Offer Amount
$11,344.04


Total Expenses
$15,051.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
1,134,404


Shares Outstanding
26,200,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001543652




We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered 
through this prospectus by the selling shareholders.


The principle advantage of the FreeFlow solar pump is the use of the sun to 
power pool circulation instead of power from the commercial grid. For many 
households the pool pump is the greatest consumer of electric energy in the 
home. Our proposed product does not require expensive electronic equipment 
to convert the direct current output of the solar panels to alternating 
current which is used by pool pumps connected to the commercial grid.


Company Description
FreeFlow has been in the development stage since October 28, 2011 and has been 
actively involved in the development of its services and studying marketing 
potential. 
---

The FreeFlow swimming pool solar pump system creates a blend of green energy 
harvesting while maintaining your present


 system. 

Our proposed product circulates the water in swimming pools using solar power 
thus saving on electricity provided by the commercial grid. How it works: 

1. The FreeFlow pump system is powered by a solar panel. This panel produces 
approximately 250 watts 

2. The FreeFlow pump is connected around the normal pump powered off the 
electric grid. 

3. The FreeFlow computer control system checks the energy available from the 
solar panel and determines when to turn off the electric grid pump and 
circulate water with the solar powered pump. The computer system also logs 
the amount of water circulated to insure the total daily circulation meets 
the pool requirements. 
----------

FreeFlow was incorporated in Delaware on October 28, 2011. Our address and 
telephone numbers are 9130 Edgewood Drive, La Mesa, CA, 91941;  
(619) 741-1006  (619) 741-1006 , Fax (619) 421-2653.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$8,874


Total Assets
$9,393






Total Liabilities
$160


Stockholders' Equity
$9,233




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



FREE FLOW, INC.
S-1/A
8/27/2012
Filing



FREE FLOW, INC.
S-1/A
7/5/2012
Filing



FREE FLOW, INC.
S-1/A
5/4/2012
Filing



FREE FLOW, INC.
S-1
3/6/2012
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Chang G. Park, CPA


Auditor
PLS CPA, A Professional Corp


Auditor
PLS CPA, P.C.


Company Counsel
Karen Batcher, Esq.


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            LATAM Airlines Group announces liability management actions
                        



	                     5:07PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sysco Declares Quarterly Dividend Payment
                        



	                     5:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            NCS Multistage Holdings, Inc. Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call
                        



	                     5:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Japan beef tariff hike threatens trade relations -U.S. ag secretary
                        



	                     4:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































