








Ran Frenkel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Ran Frenkel
Chief Development Operations Officer at Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Ran Frenkel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ran Frenkel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ran Frenkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ran Frenkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ran Frenkel through your network of contacts.
												








Ran Frenkel's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Development Operations Officer, 
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.


Past
To view Ran Frenkel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ran Frenkel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ran Frenkel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ran Frenkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ran Frenkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ran Frenkel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ran Frenkel


















Ran Frenkel's Connections (19)





Sign up now to view Ran Frenkel's 19 connections »









Mikael Dolsten
President, Worldwide Research and Development, Pfizer Inc.









J. Scott Garland
Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Vice President, Relypsa, Inc.









Justin A. Renz
Advisor, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.









Sharon Shacham
President and Chief Scientific Officer, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.









Deepika R. Pakianathan
Former Board Member, Alder Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.









Christopher B. Primiano
Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, General Counsel and Secretary, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.









Michael G. Kauffman
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.









Kenneth E. Weg
Board Member, Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.









Barry E. Greene
President, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Garen G. Bohlin
Former Chief Operating Officer, Sirtris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Ran Frenkel - Chief Executive Officer at Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ran Frenkel
Chief Executive Officer at Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Ran Frenkel
Chief Executive Officer at Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd.



 Overview



Age



48
                                  (Born 1969)
                                              




Notable Companies


Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 189 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
April 4, 2017





                        Karyopharm and Medidata Expand Clinical Trial Partnership                    





Boston Business Journal
November 4, 2014





                        Karyopharm settles into new home, gears up for biggest drug trial yet                    





Business Wire
July 30, 2013





                        Clinipace Worldwide Announces Strategic Partnership with Nordic-Based Medfiles                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Mordechai Peer

Chief Technology Officer at 2P2D Solutions Ltd.




Ofer Baram

Chief Executive Officer at 2P2D Solutions Ltd.





Michael G. Kauffman

Co-Founder at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.




Sharon Shacham

Co-Founder at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.





Christopher B. Primiano

Senior Vice President, Operations, Business Development, General Counsel & Secretary at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.




Brian Austad

Vice President, Head of Pharmaceutical Sciences at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.





Erkan Baloglu

Head, Medicinal Chemistry at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.




Ori Kalid

Acting Head of Discovery & Consultant at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.





Yosef Landesman

Senior Director, Biology at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.




Mike Todisco

Chief Financial & Accounting Officer at Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.







See 179 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 179 More 


 


 Paths to Ran Frenkel



            Ran Frenkel          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ran Frenkel






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ran Frenkel.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1993 


The Hebrew University of Jerusalem

                  The Hebrew University of Jerusalem is Israel's second oldest university established in 1918, 30 years before the State of Israel. The Hebrew University has three campuses in Jerusalem and one in Rehovot. The world's largest Jewish studies library is located on its Edmond J. Safra Givat Ram campus.                





 Career History



Chief Development Operations Officer

                                    2014 - Current                


Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company, which discovers, develops, and commercializes drugs to treat cancer and other major diseases. The company intends to initiate a pivotal randomized Phase 3 study of selinexor in combination with bortezomib (Velcade) and low-dose dexamethasone (BOSTON) in patients with multiple myeloma. Karyopharm Therapeutics was founded by Joseph Araujo, Ronald A. DePinho, Pamela A Silver, Giulio Draetta, Michael G. Kauffman and Sharon Shacham on December 22, 2008 and is headquartered in Newton, MA.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd.






Vice President-Business Development

                                    Current                


2P2D Solutions Ltd.


                  2P2D Solutions Ltd. develops an automated drug monitoring system. Its products include ClinicAid and SlimPack. The company was founded by Ofer Baram and Mordechai Peer in 2007 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.                




Managing Director-EMEA

                                    Prior                


Clinipace, Inc.


                  Clinipace, Inc. provides digital contract research solutions. It operates as a digital contract research organization that assists life science firms in developing and executing regulatory strategies, clinical development, and post-approval research. Its service areas encompass clinical monitoring, data management, medical affairs and writing, patient recruitment, study feasibility, and site selection and management. The company was founded by Ronald G. Marks, Christopher K. Porter, and Jeff L. Williams in 2003 and is headquartered in Morrisville, NC.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Ran Frenkel is affiliated with
                            Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc., Pfc Pharma Focus Israel Ltd., 2P2D Solutions Ltd., Clinipace, Inc., Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



























 Product Liability Attorneys | Dallas Lawyers | Frenkel Firm






















Call 800.834.0000 for a free consultation Get Help NowCall For a Free Consultation



Home
Practice AreasVehicle Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Drug Litigation
Injuries on the job
Other

AttorneysMARK D. FRENKEL
Scott Bennet Frenkel
Gene Burkett
Dave adest
Jason Boorstein
Joshua Cohen
Andrew Gross
Carlos A. Fernandez
Aaron Spahr


Contact us
FAQ
Blog
 

		Menu
	











Other
Dog Bites
Child Injury
Construction
Industrial
Product Liability
 

Personal injury lawyers fighting to hold negligent parties responsibleGetting you the compensation you deserveProduct liability lawsuits can be expensive and labor-intensive. The product liability lawyers at Frenkel & Frenkel work with victims who have suffered injury or lost loved ones as a result of dangerous or defective products. Injuries to children have a lifelong effect on their caregivers and loved ones. Frenkel & Frenkel is also experienced in personal injury law. Our Dallas, Texas attorneys work hard for every client but especially take to heart cases where children are hurt or lose their lives.
 




 



















 








NYC Insurance Company | Insurance Agency | Frenkel





































139 Year History of Independence




Home
Careers
News
Contact Us














 




 




Request A Quote













About Us
Executive Team
Divisions
Programs
Partners





























How Frenkel Does it Best






Frenkel & Company was established in 1878 by Emil Frenkel. His sons, Leo and George, developed their insurance brokerage business over several decades, by calling door to door on prospective clients in New York. Our business strategy has evolved since then but our client-centric platform continues to serve us well in today’s competitive marketplace. We now maintain offices across the United States, in New York, Jersey City, Boston, Philadelphia, and California.
We employ insurance experts who are well versed in global insurance trends and also maintain strong personal relationships within these industry segments: casualty, employee benefits, environmental, financial, marine, personal lines, property, and surety. Our departmental model is based on Frenkel clients’ demands for direct access to the specific team professional that can answer their questions and provide the services they need—in an expedient manner.
Each Frenkel division works directly with our in-house claims and other support services divisions to seamlessly guide our clients through the entire process of buying insurance at the best rates and providing satisfactory resolution of insurance claims—whether they are personal lines clients, small business owners, corporate risk management teams, or medical professionals. This personal attention results in our effectiveness across the board, as we manage both personal and business insurance programs for a wide range of executives—a favorable testament to Frenkel’s client service platform.
Frenkel’s reinvestment in our workforce results in our firm’s high ranking among Insurance Business Magazine’s “100 Largest US Brokers.” We stand apart from our competition as an independent insurance broker with annual premium distribution of over one billion dollars. This premium distribution is placed with global, national, and regional insurance carriers, including our expansive employee benefits operation.
Frenkel’s service platform involves investing time and money in diverse community oriented charities of interest to our clients as well, including the Insurance Industry Charitable Foundation, Habitat for Humanity, and Care for the Homeless.
























About Us
Executive Team
Divisions
Programs
Partners


Home
Careers
News
Contact Us

Request A Quote 



 































Clinipace Worldwide’s Ran Frenkel Promoted to Managing Director, EMEA














































Skip to main content












Advertisement 

 





Advertisement 

 



Home
TopicsCardiovascular
Diabetes
Home Healthcare
Implantables
Medical Diagnostics
Neurology
Oncology
Orthopedics
Pain Management
Prosthetics
Regenerative Medicine
Surgical
Wearables

WatchMDT Live

Search
SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsPDD
CED
ECN
WDD
WW

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 






 Clinipace Worldwide’s Ran Frenkel Promoted to Managing Director, EMEA 
 Thu, 12/13/2012 - 9:30am 
 Comments 
 by The Associated Press  

 



MORRISVILLE, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec 13, 2012--Clinipace Worldwide, a global digital contract research organization (dCRO), today announced company executive, Ran Frenkel, RPh, Vice President, International Business Development, will take on additional responsibility as the Managing Director, EMEA. Country managers in the region will report directly to Frenkel in his new role. Frenkel joined the Clinipace Worldwide team in May 2011 through the company’s acquisition of Swiss-based PFC Pharma Focus (PFC). He has served the company for over seven years, helping to establish the Israel office, and is now poised to lead EMEA operations from the European headquarters in Zurich. “Ran has consistently demonstrated that he understands and supports our corporate vision of driving innovation in clinical research through a technology-amplified service platform,” said Jeff Williams, CEO, Clinipace Worldwide. “Ran is committed to extending our unique approach to service delivery throughout EMEA, and I’m confident he will continue to lead our growth in the region.”  Original PFC founders, Kurt Pfister, PhD, CEO, European Operations, and Kathryn Voegeli, PhD, COO, European Operations, are stepping down from day-to-day management roles. They will remain with Clinipace Worldwide through 2013 in an advisory capacity and will remain on the Board of Directors of Clinipace AG (the company’s European entity). “Clinipace is proud of the leadership demonstrated by both Kurt and Kathryn in growing the company’s presence and foothold in EMEA,” said Williams. “They helped build a talented team of experts, and as a combined company for the past two years, our common goals have been easily achieved.”  
                See related:
               
              
                
                  Clinipace Worldwide’s Ran Frenkel Elected to IISRA Board of Directors
                
                
                  Clinipace Worldwide Celebrates 20 Years of Service in Europe
                
                
                  Clinipace Worldwide Acquires Switzerland-Based PFC Pharma Focus Ltd.
                
              
               
                About Clinipace Worldwide
                As a global full-service digital contract research organization (dCRO), we have pioneered an innovative technology-amplified CRO service model to serve the unique needs of venture-backed, mid-tier, and strategic pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device firms. Powered by TEMPO™, our proprietary eClinical platform, our team of experts brings extensive therapeutic knowledge and insight into assisting life science firms in developing and executing regulatory strategies, clinical development, and post-approval research to ensure a successful drug and medical device development program. We have managed over 1,200 global clinical research, strategic product development, regulatory, and GxP/CMC/QA projects in therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular & metabolic diseases, central nervous system, dermatology, gastroenterology, immunology, infectious diseases, nephrology, oncology, respiratory, rheumatology, and vaccines (and other cell and tissue based therapies). Clinipace Worldwide is headquartered in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina with offices in Irvine (CA), Boulder (CO), Overland Park (KS), Zurich (CH), Munich (DE), High Wycombe (UK), Tel-Aviv (IL), Sao Paulo (BR), Buenos Aires (AR), Trivandrum Kerala (IN) and New Delhi (IN). For more information, visit our website at www.clinipace.com.     CONTACT: For Clinipace Worldwide  Molly Thompson, 919-821-2822  mthompson@crossroadspr.com  KEYWORD: UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA NORTH CAROLINA MIDDLE EAST ISRAEL 
      INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS PHARMACEUTICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE 
      SOURCE: Clinipace Worldwide
  Copyright Business Wire 2012
  PUB: 12/13/2012 09:30 AM/DISC: 12/13/2012 09:30 AM  http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20121213005353/ 









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 






























Advertisement 

 




 





 









      Connect with Medical Design Technology    

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributor Guidelines
Digital Editions
Directory FAQs
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Home Healthcare
Implantables
Medical Diagnostics
Neurology
Oncology
Orthopedics
Pain Management
Prosthetics
Regenerative Medicine
Surgical
Wearables
 



Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 














 




















 





  

 






  



 













Ran Frenkel - Karyopharm Therapeutics
















































Careers
Contact

Ran Frenkel
Management Team


Ran Frenkel,  RPh
Chief Development Operations Officer

 Mr. Frenkel was appointed Executive Vice President, Worldwide Development Operations of Karyopharm in October, 2014. Mr. Frenkel is responsible for managing the subsidiary, Karyopharm Europe GmbH, which will provide the corporate structure necessary to support Karyopharm’s expanded clinical and regulatory activities in Europe. In addition, Frenkel is responsible for the corporate global development operations across the entire portfolio. In this capacity Frenkel is managing the clinical departments including Clinical Operations, Product Leadership, Quality, Regulatory Affairs, Medical Writing, Medical & Scientific Affairs and Biology.
Mr. Frenkel has more than 20 years of experience in the international biopharmaceutical industry encompassing clinical, regulatory, business development and commercial operations activities. 
Prior to joining Karyopharm Europe GmbH, Mr. Frenkel held a number of senior management roles in Europe, Israel and the United States, most recently as Managing Director EMEA for Clinipace Worldwide, an international clinical research organization, where he had responsibility for the overall management of the organization in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
Prior to joining Clinipace Worldwide, Mr. Frenkel established and managed the Israeli office of PFC Pharma Focus AG, which was acquired by Clinipace in 2011, and he held the position of Managing Director at Actelion Pharmaceuticals with responsibility for all science and business affairs of the company in Israel.

Meet:
Christopher Primiano
 Senior Vice President, Operations, Business Development, General Counsel & Secretary 

Read next bio
« previous bio
Overview
Mission
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board

 

 USAKaryopharm Therapeutics

Corporate Headquarters:
85 Wells Ave., 2nd floor
Newton, MA 02459
 
Main Phone Number (USA)
617-658-0600


 GERMANYKaryopharm Therapeutics

Sitz der Gesellschaft:
Karyopharm Europe GmbH
Franziska-Bilek-Weg 9
80339 München
Germany
 
Tel.: +49 (0) 89 – 54 84 86-101
Fax: +49 (0) 89 – 54 84 86-200


General Contact Information












 






About
SINE™ Technology
Drug Candidates
Investors
Publications
Contact
Careers

 © 2017 Karyopharm Therapeutics
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

















Clinipace’s Ran Frenkel Promoted to Managing Director, EMEA



































































 








(919) 224-8800
Contact Us



Twitter




LinkedIn




RSS


  





Twitter




LinkedIn




RSS



  
 
 












Select Page


  





 












Clinipace Worldwide’s Ran Frenkel Promoted to Managing Director, EMEA
 by clinipace | Dec 12, 2012 | News | 0 comments
 

MORRISVILLE, N.C. (Business Wire) December 13, 2012 – Clinipace Worldwide, a global digital contract research organization (dCRO), today announced company executive, Ran Frenkel, RPh, Vice President, International Business Development, will take on additional responsibility as the Managing Director, EMEA.  Country managers in the region will report directly to Frenkel in his new role.
Frenkel joined the Clinipace Worldwide team in May 2011 through the company’s acquisition of Swiss-based PFC Pharma Focus (PFC).  He has served the company for over seven years, helping to establish the Israel office, and is now poised to lead EMEA operations from the European headquarters in Zurich.
“Ran has consistently demonstrated that he understands and supports our corporate vision of driving innovation in clinical research through a technology-amplified service platform,” said Jeff Williams, CEO, Clinipace Worldwide.  “Ran is committed to extending our unique approach to service delivery throughout EMEA, and I’m confident he will continue to lead our growth in the region.”
Original PFC founders, Kurt Pfister, PhD, CEO, European Operations, and Kathryn Voegeli, PhD, COO, European Operations, are stepping down from day-to-day management roles.  They will remain with Clinipace Worldwide through 2013 in an advisory capacity and will remain on the Board of Directors of Clinipace AG (the company’s European entity.)
“Clinipace is proud of the leadership demonstrated by both Kurt and Kathryn in growing the company’s presence and foothold in EMEA,” said Williams.  “They helped build a talented team of experts, and as a combined company for the past two years, our common goals have been easily achieved.”
See related:

Clinipace Worldwide’s Ran Frenkel Elected to IISRA Board of Directors
Clinipace Worldwide Celebrates 20 Years of Service in Europe
Clinipace Worldwide Acquires Switzerland-Based PFC Pharma Focus Ltd.

About Clinipace Worldwide
As a global full-service digital contract research organization (dCRO), we have pioneered an innovative technology-amplified CRO service model to serve the unique needs of venture-backed, mid-tier, and strategic pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device firms.  Powered by TEMPO™, our proprietary eClinical platform, our team of experts brings extensive therapeutic knowledge and insight into assisting life science firms in developing and executing regulatory strategies, clinical development, and post-approval research to ensure a successful drug and medical device development program.  We have managed over 1,200 global clinical research, strategic product development, regulatory, and GxP/CMC/QA projects in therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular & metabolic diseases, central nervous system, dermatology, gastroenterology, immunology, infectious diseases, nephrology, oncology, respiratory, rheumatology, and vaccines (and other cell and tissue based therapies).  Clinipace Worldwide is headquartered in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina with offices in Irvine (CA), Boulder (CO), Overland Park (KS), Zurich (CH), Munich (DE), High Wycombe (UK), Tel-Aviv (IL), Sao Paulo (BR), Buenos Aires (AR), Trivandrum Kerala (IN) and New Delhi (IN).  For more information, visit our website at www.clinipace.com.
 







Leave a Reply Cancel reply








  
 
 

Posts by TopicPosts by Topic
Select Category
Blog
Cardiometabolic
Clinical Manufacturing
Clinical Research
Clinical Trials
Company Announcement
Digital CRO
Drug Development
Infectious Disease
Medical Device Development
News
Oncology
Other
Patient Recruitment/enrollment
Registry
Regulatory Development
Risk Based Monitoring
Site Selection
Study Start-up
Women’s Health


 Operational Assets Clinical Manufacturing
Risk Based Monitoring
Study Start-up
Digital CRO
Drug Development
Medical Device
Patient Recruitment

 Therapeutic Assets Oncology
Infectious Disease
Cardiovascular
Central Nervous System
OB/GYN & Urology

 Search

Search for:



   
 
 
 
 
 
 








































Ran Frenkel - Karyopharm Therapeutics Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsRan FrenkelKaryopharm Therapeutics (KPTI)Chief Dev Operations OfficerRanked #24,934 out of 33,852 Insiders on TipRanksRan Frenkel's PerformanceProfitable Transactions1 out of 2 profitable transactionsAverage  Return-32.7%Average return per transactionEach transaction is measured over a 1 Year3 Months1 Month period, and compared to No BenchmarkS&P 500Sector.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Karyopharm Therapeutics (KPTI)$31KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesKaryopharm Therapeutics (KPTI): Chief Dev Operations OfficerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Karyopharm Therapeutics (KPTI)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Nov 15, 2016 - TodayGain: +6.4%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Ran Frenkel's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateKPTIKaryopharm TherapeuticsChief Dev Operations Officer$30,959Informative Sell$33,255.45Nov 15, 2016Success Rate on Stock1 out of 2 profitable transactions on KPTIAverage Profit on StockAverage return per transaction on KPTI -32.8% Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 15, 2016 Informative Sell $33K 3,309 $9.77 6.40%  Nov 08, 2016 Uninformative Buy $0 15,000 $7.79 N/A  Apr 08, 2015 Informative Buy $95K 3,000 $31.41 -71.90% See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























