

ProLung, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:21 PM ET

Company Overview of ProLung, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for ProLung, Inc.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeSteven C. Eror  6 RelationshipsCEO, President & Director63Mark V. Anderson  No RelationshipsChief Financial Officer--Michael A. Garff  No RelationshipsChief Operating Officer34Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll  6 RelationshipsChief Medical Officer, Consultant & Member of Medical Advisory Board56Timothy  W. Treu  No RelationshipsChief Marketing & Sales Officer68
ProLung, Inc. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeTodd M. Morgan   6 RelationshipsProLung, Inc.65Steven C. Eror   6 RelationshipsProLung, Inc.63Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll   6 RelationshipsProLung, Inc.56Robin L. Smith M.D., M.B.A. 40 RelationshipsHooper Holmes, Inc.52J. Scott Nixon   6 RelationshipsProLung, Inc.57View All Board Members
ProLung, Inc. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersAudit Committee  J. Scott Nixon6 Relationships3 ExecutivesNominating Committee M.D., M.B.A.Robin L. Smith40 Relationships1 ExecutivesCorporate Governance Committee M.D., M.B.A.Robin L. Smith40 Relationships1 ExecutivesView Committee Details
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ProLung, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	PROLUNG Trademark of Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc.. Serial Number: 85661099 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Chemical Products
PROLUNG










 
Get FREE email alerts













PROLUNG  Trademark Information
 Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc.
Diagnostic preparations for clinical or medical use




Perfect for these industries

Chemical Products





Words that describe this mark
diagnostic   preparations   clinical   medical   use    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PROLUNG trademark by Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc. 
                                in Salt Lake City, UT, 84102.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PROLUNG trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc. of the PROLUNG trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PROLUNG trademark.
                           






On Monday, June 25, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PROLUNG by 
                        Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc., Salt Lake City, UT  84102.
                        The USPTO has given the PROLUNG 
                        trademark serial  number of  85661099.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for PROLUNG is 
                        
                        
                                            Michael Garff of 
                                            FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES INC.,  757 E SOUTH TEMPLE, Suite 150, SALT LAKE CITY UT 84102-1266 
                                .
                            The PROLUNG trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Chemical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PROLUNG 
                            is Diagnostic preparations for clinical or medical use. 
                            





Word mark:
 PROLUNG


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/12/2013



  Serial Number:  
85661099


  Filing Date:  
6/25/2012


 Registration Number:  
4433446 


 Registration Date:  
11/12/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Diagnostic preparations for clinical or medical use


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/11/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

Fresh Medical Laboratories Inc.Salt Lake City, UT  84102
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Michael Garff
FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES INC.
757 E SOUTH TEMPLE, Suite 150
SALT LAKE CITY UT 84102-1266






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (001) - Chemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry; unprocessed artificial resins; unprocessed plastics; manures; fire extinguishing compositions; tempering and soldering preparations; chemical substances for preserving foodstuffs; tanning substances; adhesives used in industry. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PROLUNG trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/12/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Michael Garff


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PROLUNG trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search prolung on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PROLUNG 




PROLUNG is providing Diagnostic preparations for clinical or medical use.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















ProLung, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 2:21 PM ET

Company Overview of ProLung, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ProLung, Inc. was formerly known as Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. and changed its name to ProLung, Inc. in April, 2017. The company is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.


757 East South TempleSuite 150Salt Lake City, UT 84102United States



Phone: (801) 736-0729

prolunginc.com







Key Executives for ProLung, Inc.




Mr. Steven C. Eror


      	CEO, President & Director
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Mark V. Anderson


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Michael A. Garff


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 34
        







Dr. Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll


      	Chief Medical Officer, Consultant & Member of Medical Advisory Board
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Timothy  W. Treu


      	Chief Marketing & Sales Officer
      


Age: 68
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

ProLung, Inc. Key Developments

Prolung, Inc. Appoints Mark V. Anderson as Chief Financial Officer
Jun 29 17
On June 23, 2017, Mark V. Anderson commenced serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Prolung, Inc. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Anderson worked as a certified public accountant for Eide Bailly as an audit partner from 2013 through 2017 and, prior to its acquisition by Eide Bailly in 2013, at Hansen, Barnet & Maxwell as an audit partner (2007 – 2013) and as an audit manager and associate (1993 – 2007).


Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. Announces Executive Resignations
Jun 13 17
On May 26, 2017, Richard McKeown provided Prolung, Inc. with notice that he is resigning as a director of the Company effective July 1, 2017. The resignation did not arise as a result of a disagreement, known to an executive of officer of the Company, as defined in 17 CFR 240.3b-7, on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. On June 10, 2017, Clark Campbell resigned as a director of the Company effective immediately. The resignation did not arise as a result of a disagreement, known to an executive of officer of the Company, as defined in 17 CFR 240.3b-7, on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. On June 2, 2017, the employment with the Company of Aaron Stout, the controller and chief accounting officer of the Company, was terminated.


ProLung Presents at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Jun-16-2017 11:30 AM
Jun 1 17
ProLung Presents at 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Jun-16-2017 11:30 AM. Venue: The Grand Hyatt Hotel, New York, New York, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ProLung, Inc., please visit prolunginc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Market Report: Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile

     
                        Aug 16, 2016 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 19 pages 
                - USD $250 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. doing business as ProLung is a medical device company. Its flagship product, Electro Pulmonary Nodule Scanner (EPN) system is used for the non-invasive early diagnostics of lung cancer. EPN system consists of scanners, scan kits and scanner probes. The EPN system is based on bio-conductance technology similar to an EEG or EKG. The EPN system received CE Mark clearance, which allows the company to legally market the system in Europe. The system is available only for investigational use in the US. The company is known as Freshmedx in Europe and ProLung in the US. ProLung is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, the US.Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Medical eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.ScopeFinancial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.Reasons to BuyGet detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirementsThe profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategyThe profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the companyDetailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the companyRecent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business researchKey elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deal DetailsAsset PurchaseFresh Medical Labs to Acquire Intellectual Property of BioMeridianVenture FinancingFresh Medical Labs Raises USD0.5 Million in Venture FinancingPartnershipsFresh Medical Labs Enters into Licensing AgreementFreshmedx Enters Into Joint Venture With A Mexican CompanyFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. - Key CompetitorsKey EmployeesLocations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeRecent DevelopmentsCorporate CommunicationsMay 25, 2016: ProLungdx Board Names Dr. John C. Ruckdeschel as Newest Board MemberAug 20, 2015: Dr. Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll joins Board of DirectorsAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Key FactsFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Deals By Market, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Labs to Acquire Intellectual Property of BioMeridianFresh Medical Labs Raises USD0.5 Million in Venture FinancingFresh Medical Labs Enters into Licensing AgreementFreshmedx Enters Into Joint Venture With A Mexican CompanyFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Key CompetitorsFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Key EmployeesList of FiguresFresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Market, 2010 to YTD 2016
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$250  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. | Accreditation



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Laboratories - Medical
 > 
Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(801) 736-0729

Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.
12 years in business

        757 E South Temple Ste 150
        Salt Lake City, UT 84102-1226
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            info@prolungdx.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 12/18/2012
            

                Business Started: 11/24/2004


                Business Started Locally: 11/24/2004
            

                Business Incorporated: 11/19/2004 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Steven Eror, CEO
                






            Business Category
        


                Laboratories - Medical
            








            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Prolung
                




 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 

















BBB of Utah





















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




05/10/17


National Cyber Security Alliance and Better Business Bureau Encourage All Internet Users To Do a Digital Spring Cleaning



04/07/17


Wise Giving Wednesday: Change for Charities – Rounding Up Your Register Bill



04/06/17


Better Business Bureau Warns Consumers About 5th Street Auto Sales Scam



03/15/17


It’s March Madness! BBB Offers Tips So Consumers Can Buy Tickets with Confidence



 More Local News »





                        Click to Search
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Programs








Get Pricing from Trusted Businesses







Report a Scam!







Apply for Accreditation







Submit Your Review!
























MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.




 



























FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES, INC. - SALT LAKE CITY, UT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



UT



SALT LAKE CITY



Electromedical Equipment



Manufacturing - Ultrasonic Scanning Devices, Medical



                            FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES, INC.
                                    



 





















F 


FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



825 HILLTOP RD SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84103
Get Directions



(801) 736-0729





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $260,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Manufacturing - Ultrasonic Scanning Devices, Medical
 Contacts STEVEN EROR







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Fresh Medical Laboratories, IncBlue Axis Technologies









































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
 









CASE STUDY: FRESH MEDICAL LABORATORIES, INC.



Home /  Fresh Medical Laboratories, In ...



The Challenge
Fresh Medical Laboratories had created two brands to market their EPN Scan®; Freshmedx to facilitate sales in the EU, and ProLung for clinical trials and investigational use in the US market. The EPN Scan® required software modifications to establish differentiation between the two world markets.
Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. needed an enterprise that could evaluate their existing software code written in Pascal, modify the software layer integrating with the EPN Scan®, and deliver on their project requirements document to accommodate the necessary industry differentiation. They also wanted to upgrade the machine’s computing system to dedicate all its resources to the EPN Scan® tasks specifically, and eliminate any ancillary and unnecessary computing constraints.
The Blue Axis Technologies Solution
Blue Axis Technologies stripped and evaluated the existing source code to determine what documentation was missing, and what packages had to be reintroduced to support all the necessary dependencies. Alternative packages were included and the code base was modified to use the newly collected pieces in an effort to come away with a complete application.
Once that task was complete, Blue Axis Tech worked within the confines of the existing operating system to strip any unnecessary services. This gave the system the appearance of an embedded application and allowed the EPN Scan® to use its own branding throughout the entire computing system, but without the costs of completely rewriting the existing firmware.
The GUI was updated, the existing database structure was improved, and processes were introduced to simplify the user experience while operating the EPN Scan®. An installation routine was created to allow both new and existing machines to upgrade to the new features with easy “point and click” simplicity.
The Result







Fresh Medical Laboratories’ EPN Scan® emerged with several improvements over the original design and architecture. The new Graphical User Interface resulted in significant ease of use enhancements, making the user interface more intuitive. EPN Scan® Technician satisfaction increased, helping patients receive a positive and comfortable experience throughout the entire testing process. Reduced technician service calls and inquiries allowed for a better distribution of internal resources throughout the company.
Worldwide distribution of the EPN Scan® was made possible via an Internationalization module added to the machine allowing native language alerts to be displayed to the company’s international medical technician base and market.
Architectural enhancements throughout the code helped guarantee that the data collected in the remote testing sites was returned complete and error free. These additional quality controls gave Fresh Medical Laboratories confidence in the performance of the EPN Scan® device during each test.
, and enhanced the ease of delivering test results once the data had been sent to the lab.
Blue Axis Technologies assistance with the design, architecture, and development of enhancements to the EPN Scan® technology helped Fresh Medical Laboratories deliver this medical breakthrough to the world. The EPN Scan® can painlessly assist patients and their physicians to reduce the blight that lung cancers leave on the worldwide community.
The Next Step

Let Blue Axis Technologies develop your embedded application or outmoded programming codeGet Started



Client  Description Fresh Medical laboratories, Inc. provides a medical technology breakthrough with their patented EPN Scan®, providing immediate non-invasive diagnostics to help provide early risk stratification of lung cancer. The EPN Scan® uses an established bio-conductance technology – similar to an EEG or EKG to unravel the crucial problem of late cancer detection, providing a projected five-year survival rate increase from 16% to as high as 80%.Category  Embedded Application , Project RescueVisit Website

← Previous Project → Next Project 








































Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions



Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2004




Headquarters


757 East South Temple Suite 150 Salt Lake City  Ut  84102




Industries


Medical Products & Equipment

Hospitals & Patient Services 




Company Description


Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. operates as a medical device company. It develops, tests, and commercializes non-invasive lung cancer diagnostic test devices. The company device is designed to be adjunctive to Computed Tomography (CT), or what is commonly referred to as 'CT Scan' of the chest. The firm's products encompass testing units, test reports, and test packet. The company was founded by Steven C. Eror on November 19, 2004 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, UT.




Website


http://www.prolungdx.com






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
June 30, 2017





                        Mark Anderson is now serving in a new position at Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.                    





RelSci
June 14, 2017





                        Aaron Stout is no longer serving in their position at Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.                    





RelSci
June 14, 2017





                        Clark A. Campbell is no longer serving in their board position at Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.                    





SEC
May 22, 2017





                        Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. filed form 10-Q                    





PR Newswire
May 11, 2017





                        ProLung Installs Chief Accounting Officer                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Steven C. Eror

Founder




Mark Anderson

Chief Financial Officer





Michael A. Garff

Chief Operating Officer




Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll

Chief Medical Officer





Ryan Snow

Director, Marketing & Business Development






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Todd C. Morgan

General Partner & Manager at MPM Investment Group LP




Robin L. Smith

President at Stem For Life Foundation





John C. Ruckdeschel

President & Chief Executive Officer at Nevada Cancer Institute




Robert W. Raybould

Former Financial Planner at United States Army





Steven C. Eror

Founder at Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.




Jeffrey S. O'Driscoll

Chief Medical Officer at Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.



                        Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Fresh Medical Laboratories, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































