
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Jonathan P. Freve CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:20 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jonathan P. Freve CPACFO & Treasurer, Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.39$491,900As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Jonathan P. Freve, also known as Jon, CPA, has been the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since January 2015 and served as its Vice President of Finance since February 2015. Mr. Freve served as Secretary of Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since January 2015. Mr. Freve joined the Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. with more than 16 years of progressive experience in the life science and technology industries ranging from ... venture-backed start-ups to publicly traded companies. He served as the Senior Director of Finance of Santaris Pharma A/S, which was acquired by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. He held Controller positions at two international public companies. He began his career at the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he worked in the audit and transaction services practices. Over his career, he has supported and worked on numerous successful initial public offerings, secondary offerings, mergers and acquisitions, ERP implementations and a variety of complex accounting matters. Mr. Freve is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts and holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
86 South StreetHopkinton, Massachusetts 01748United StatesPhone: 508-473-5993Fax: 508-381-0347
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BBA University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Other Affiliations
University of Massachusetts, Amherst


Annual Compensation
Salary$255,000Bonus$99,225Total Annual Compensation$354,225
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$10,600Exercisable Options$22,396Unexercisable Options$44,813Total Number of Options$67,209
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$364,825Total Short Term Compensation$354,225Other Long Term Compensation$10,600Total Calculated Compensation$491,900




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance 
         










    










 






 











 









Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance

Feb 26, 2015, 10:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


MILFORD, Mass., Feb. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for the treatment of virus infections, today announced that Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, has been appointed Vice President of Finance, a newly created role.  Mr. Freve will be responsible for financial and administrative activities, including financial planning and reporting, accounting and risk management. He reports to Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO. 
Mr. Freve joins the Company with more than 16 years of progressive experience in the life science and technology industries ranging from venture-backed start-ups to publicly traded companies. Prior to joining Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, he served as the Senior Director of Finance of Santaris Pharma A/S, which was acquired by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd.  Previously, Mr. Freve held controller positions at  two international public companies.  Mr. Freve began his career at the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he worked in the audit and transaction services practices.  Over his career, Mr. Freve has supported and worked on numerous successful initial public offerings, secondary offerings, mergers and acquisitions, ERP implementations and a variety of complex accounting matters.  Mr. Freve is a certified public accountant in Massachusetts and holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO, stated, "I am very pleased to welcome Jon Freve to Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals.  Jon is an accomplished financial professional with a proven track record of success and excellent leadership skills. With his strong background in accounting and finance for life sciences and technology companies, I'm very confident that Jon will make many valuable contributions to Spring Bank's continued progress."   
 "I am excited about the unique opportunity to work for Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, an emerging biotechnology company that I believe has tremendous potential," said Mr. Freve. "I look forward to working with Doug and the team and leading the finance and accounting functions during this period of growth."
About Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals 
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. Based on its proprietary SMNH chemistry platform, Spring Bank is developing a pipeline of products representing a new class of pharmaceuticals with a wide range of applications. These rationally designed molecules combine the selectivity of naturally occurring nucleotides with the drug- like properties of classical pharmaceuticals. The SMNHs have the properties of oral delivery, good pharmacokinetic profile, low side effects and ease of manufacture. The Company's most advanced clinical candidate, SB 9200, is a potential breakthrough drug for the treatment for HBV and other viral diseases. SB 9200 has a novel mechanism of action that involves modulation of the host immune response in the presence of viral infection. 
Contact: Douglas J. Jensen President and Chief Executive Officer (508) 473-5993 x105
 
 SOURCE  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.springbankpharm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 12, 2015, 11:04 ET
Preview: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals to Present Novel Approach to Hepatitis B Treatment at the 2015 AASLD and Industry Colloquium













Feb 26, 2015, 10:00 ET
Preview: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Completes $22 Million Financing






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Jonathan P Freve - Northborough, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jonathan P Freve in Northborough, MA


Jonathan P Freve

                                                                                                   Intelius found that Jonathan P Freve  is  between 30 and 40 years old from Northborough, MA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Jonathan P Freve is in his 30s

Jonathan Has Lived In

Northborough, MA
Milford, MA







Jonathan P Freve



Zodiac SignLibra



Professional Status
Vice President Finance at Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jonathan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jonathan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jonathan P Freve
Get a Criminal Check on Jonathan P Freve
Get a Public Record Report on Jonathan P Freve
Get a People Search Report on Jonathan P Freve


Jonathan P Freve's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jonathan P Freve has lived as well as Jonathan P Freve's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jonathan P Freve Has Lived in 1 States
Massachusetts Address for Jonathan P Freve


21 D**** A** 

Northborough, MA


Has Lived In

Northborough, MA
Milford, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jonathan P Freve

(508) ***-**** - Northborough, MA 
(508) ***-**** - Milford, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jonathan P Freve

j****e@***.com


Get Email Report




Jonathan P Freve's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jonathan P Freve's academic history.  Find out which schools Jonathan P Freve attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jonathan P Freve received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan P Freve Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Massachusetts, Amherst 1995 – 1998               Jonathan P Freve has a Bachelors in Business Administration               
Hudson High School               1991 – 1995                              


Jonathan P Freve's Professional Information
Information regarding Jonathan P Freve's professional history.  Find out previous places Jonathan P Freve has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jonathan P Freve Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
               Title: Vice President Finance
Company: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
               Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
Jonathan P Freve's Experience
Title: Vice President Finance
               Company: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
               Company: Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Job Details
               Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of a novel class of therapeutics using its proprietary small molecule nucleic acid hybrid, or SMNH, chemistry platform. The company is developing its most advanced SMNH product candidate, SB 9200, for the treatment of viral diseases, including hepatitis B virus.
Additional Professional Information on Jonathan P Freve

 See Jonathan P Freve's LinkedIn Profile



Jonathan P Freve's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jonathan P Freve


Jonathan P Freve's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jonathan P Freve's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jonathan Freve
Username Matches

                  JonathanFreve
                  FreveJonathan
                  Jonathan.Freve
                  Freve.Jonathan
                  Jonathan_Freve
                  Freve_Jonathan
                  Jonathan-Freve
                  Freve-Jonathan
                  JFreve
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Freve







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Jonathan P Freve CPA Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc As Vice President Of Finance













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. As Vice President Of Finance  











Tweet








2/26/2015 9:08:37 AM


MILFORD, Mass., Feb. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for the treatment of virus infections, today announced that Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, has been appointed Vice President of Finance, a newly created role.  Mr. Freve will be responsible for financial and administrative activities, including financial planning and reporting, accounting and risk management. He reports to Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO. Mr. Freve joins the Company with more than 16 years of progressive experience in the life science and technology industries ranging from venture-backed start-ups to publicly traded companies. Prior to joining Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, he served as the Senior Director of Finance of Santaris Pharma A/S, which was acquired by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd.  Previously, Mr. Freve held controller positions at  two international public companies.  Mr. Freve began his career at the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he worked in the audit and transaction services practices.  Over his career, Mr. Freve has supported and worked on numerous successful initial public offerings, secondary offerings, mergers and acquisitions, ERP implementations and a variety of complex accounting matters.  Mr. Freve is a certified public accountant in Massachusetts and holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO, stated, "I am very pleased to welcome Jon Freve to Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals.  Jon is an accomplished financial professional with a proven track record of success and excellent leadership skills. With his strong background in accounting and finance for life sciences and technology companies, I'm very confident that Jon will make many valuable contributions to Spring Bank's continued progress."    "I am excited about the unique opportunity to work for Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, an emerging biotechnology company that I believe has tremendous potential," said Mr. Freve. "I look forward to working with Doug and the team and leading the finance and accounting functions during this period of growth."About Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. Based on its proprietary SMNH chemistry platform, Spring Bank is developing a pipeline of products representing a new class of pharmaceuticals with a wide range of applications. These rationally designed molecules combine the selectivity of naturally occurring nucleotides with the drug- like properties of classical pharmaceuticals. The SMNHs have the properties of oral delivery, good pharmacokinetic profile, low side effects and ease of manufacture. The Company's most advanced clinical candidate, SB 9200, is a potential breakthrough drug for the treatment for HBV and other viral diseases. SB 9200 has a novel mechanism of action that involves modulation of the host immune response in the presence of viral infection. Contact: Douglas J. JensenPresident and Chief Executive Officer (508) 473-5993 x105 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jonathan-p-freve-cpa-joins-spring-bank-pharmaceuticals-as-vice-president-of-finance-300041957.htmlSOURCE  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Completes $22 Million Financing  NetScientific Appoints Jonathan Paisner As Non-Executive Director  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. To Present At The 17th Annual Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) CEO & Investor Conference  With the World Watching, Sanofi (SAN.PA) Challenges Will Test Rumored CEO's Pedigree  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces National Institutes of Health (NIH) Collaboration For Testing Of SB 9200 Against Multiple Viral Pathogens  Juno Therapeutics (JUNO) CEO and CFO Earn Hefty Bonuses; Poaches Ex-Amgen (AMGN), Dendreon (DNDN) Scientists  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents At The Nucleic Acid Summit 2014 Top Five Tasks for New Sanofi (SAN.PA) Chief Includes Taking Drugs to the U.S., Product Launches  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Announces Oral And Poster Presentations At The 27th International Conference On Antiviral Research Allergan (AGN) CEO May Pocket $100 Million If Terminated After Buyout  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance - Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals  
















































 


 




    
 















Home
Company Overview

Company Overview
History
Mission and Business Strategy
Management
Board of Directors


Technology
Pipeline

Pipeline
SB 9200 HBV


Trials
Investors & Media

Investor Overview
Stock Information
Financial Information
News & Events
Presentations
Corporate Governance
Shareholder Services
Publications


Contact
 

 






Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance



							Home						


						 
					
BLOG					

						 
					

						Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance					






FEBRUARY 26, 2015

 0 COMMENTS

Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, Joins Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals as Vice President of Finance
MILFORD, Mass., February 26, 2015 – Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for the treatment of virus infections, today announced that Jonathan P. Freve, CPA, has been appointed Vice President of Finance, a newly created role. Mr. Freve will be responsible for financial and administrative activities, including financial planning and reporting, accounting and risk management. He reports to Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO.
Mr. Freve joins the Company with more than 16 years of progressive experience in the life science and technology industries ranging from venture-backed start-ups to publicly traded companies. Prior to joining Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, he served as the Senior Director of Finance of Santaris Pharma A/S, which was acquired by F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Previously, Mr. Freve held controller positions at two international public companies. Mr. Freve began his career at the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he worked in the audit and transaction services practices. Over his career, Mr. Freve has supported and worked on numerous successful initial public offerings, secondary offerings, mergers and acquisitions, ERP implementations and a variety of complex accounting matters. Mr. Freve is a certified public accountant in Massachusetts and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Douglas J. Jensen, President and CEO, stated, “I am very pleased to welcome Jon Freve to Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals. Jon is an accomplished financial professional with a proven track record of success and excellent leadership skills. With his strong background in accounting and finance for life sciences and technology companies, I’m very confident that Jon will make many valuable contributions to Spring Bank’s continued progress.”
“I am excited about the unique opportunity to work for Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, an emerging biotechnology company that I believe has tremendous potential,” said Mr. Freve. “I look forward to working with Doug and the team and leading the finance and accounting functions during this period of growth.”
About Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. Based on its proprietary platform technology, Spring Bank is developing a pipeline of products representing a new class of pharmaceuticals called small molecule nucleic acid hybrids (SMNH), with a wide range of applications and multi-billion dollar market potential. These rationally designed molecules combine the selectivity of naturally occurring nucleotides, with the drug like properties of classical pharmaceuticals. These SMNHs have the properties of oral delivery, good pharmacokinetics, low side effects and ease of manufacture. The Company’s most advanced drug candidate is SB 9200, a potential breakthrough for the treatment of a wide range of RNA viruses including HBV, RSV, and HCV, works by up-regulating the host immune response in the presence of viral infection. Spring Bank has a robust pre-clinical pipeline behind SB 9200, with programs in Norovirus, COPD and cancer.
Contact:
Douglas J. Jensen
President and Chief Executive Officer
(508) 473-5993 x105
Leave a reply 

								HotDiggity
							
News, 
								
Publications







Photostream
















































					© 2017 Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals. - Terms of Service & Privacy Policy - Marketing by HotDiggity Creative 




























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































	Login | Evaluate























































Retrieving Data







					You are a  user.
				

					The feature you are trying to access  Subscribers.
				

Please Register to access this feature or log in if you are a Subscriber,
						or if you have already Registered. 



						Please click the following link to register and submit an upgrade request, so that
						a member of our sales team can contact you to discuss your requirements.
					

Register and Upgrade




						Please click the 'Request Upgrade' button to log your details so that a member of
						our sales team can contact you to discuss your additional requirements.
					






















					Your request to access this feature is pending.
				

					You have already logged a callback request. A member of our team will contact you
					to discuss your access level.
				

View My Contact Details  
					







					This feature is not yet available.
				

					We have already attempted to contact you following your recent request.
				

					We will try and call you again shortly but in the meantime please check that your
					contact details are correct and up to date or if you prefer please contact us.
				

View My Contact Details  
					Contact Us






				Retrieving...
			

				EP Vantage brings a fresh view on pharma and biotech with incisive daily analysis,
				powered by Evaluate Ltd.
			


					You are a subscriber to the full Evaluate Ltd. service.
				

					Click
					here
					to login to the subscribers' welcome page.
				

      
					No, I do not want to log in now
Don't
					remind me again
				



					You are currently accessing our secondary server
				

					Although the site contains up to date data, some features are unfortunately not available on the secondary server.
					We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
				







						Close





ECommerce Support


							If you would prefer to speak to a member of our sales team please call us on 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Alternatively, if you are experiencing problems with an existing order a member
							of our support team will be happy to assist you. Call 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Telephone lines are open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm London Time.
						

							Alternatively, send an email to chrissie.pennock@evaluategroup.com











Close



Shopping Cart



Fetching cart contents. Please wait.
















										Please register your details with us to complete your purchase or click Login if you have already registered with us.

   
										











                    	Close




Report Summary


							Retrieving report details...
						








Share with a colleague
								   
								Show Report Description







This report has already been purchased and is available
									to view now
									or you may purchase the report again for the latest data.
								



									You have already purchased this report but a problem is preventing you from
									accessing the information it contains. Before calling a member of our support team,
									please attempt to regenerate your report again from your
								
purchase history
page.

Add this item to my basket

or

									Regenerate for free

This item has already been added to your cart

								Regenerating Content   
								







								Please complete the fields below




Recipient's Email



  * Required




Your Email



  * Required




Your Name



  * Required




Optional Message












Sending Email  
							



								An email has been successfully sent
							

Return to Report Summary



Failed to Send






Return to Report Summary




Failed to retrieve further details for this product.



							The item has successfully been added to your cart.
						




							Your selected reports will remain in your cart for 7 days

















				You have succeeded in buying the report(s), however you haven't generated your report(s) yet. Please go to Purchase History to generate your ordered report(s) now.
			







Site Maintenance Planned
The website will be unavailable on Thursday 25 April from 12:00pm for routine maintenance.
Please save your work and log out before then



            Remind me later
        


X
Got it




























