










 




Technology | International Business Times














































  U.S.EditionsAustralia EditionChina EditionIndia EditionItaly EditionJapan EditionSingapore EditionUnited KingdomUnited States Jul 28, 5:00 PM EDT  Subscribe  Search     Search      

 Technology  The Countdown To Bitcoin Cash By Leigh Cuen The bitcoin community will probably “fork” on August 1st: Tensions are high and taunting memes abound. Will it be a cryptocurrency civil war? Why XRP Ripple Grows Steadily Despite A Volatile Market US Lawmakers Want Travelers To Tell Border Control About Bitcoin Assets  Moon Found Orbiting Exoplanet For First Time Ever By Elana Glowatz Scientists might have found the first exomoon — a moon orbiting a planet outside our solar system. How Many Rogue Planets Wander The Universe? Is There A 10th Planet In Our Solar System?More StoriesThis Hackable Car Wash System Could Clean You Out By AJ Dellinger on 07/28/17 AT 1:36 PM Security researchers discovered a way to hack into car wash systems made by PDQ and do damage to people and cars in the wash.Windows 10 Photos App Will Soon Have Smart Image Search By Ken Manbert Salcedo on 07/28/17 AT 1:17 PM Microsoft's Photos app for Windows 10 will soon have an AI-powered search feature that's similar to Google Photos.Google Doodle Commemorates The Silent Parade, How To See Past Doodles In The Archive By Nina Godlewski on 07/28/17 AT 12:52 PM The Google Doodle on Friday was of the "Silent Parade" that occurred 100 years ago.Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Price Likely Confirmed Aug. 25 With Preorders Starting By Fionna Agomuoh on 07/28/17 AT 12:37 PM A recent leak may reveal details about promotions and preorder information for the Galaxy Note 8.Huawei Mate 10's Bezel-Less Design Confirmed By CEO? By Ken Manbert Salcedo on 07/28/17 AT 12:26 PM Huawei's CEO also confirmed that the company is done making "very low-end" smartphones.New Astronauts Are Heading To The ISS Friday, Watch Live By Nina Godlewski on 07/28/17 AT 9:00 AM New astronauts are heading to the International Space Station Friday, watch them launch live here.Some 'Pokémon Go' Fest Attendees Are Suing Niantic By Ken Manbert Salcedo on 07/28/17 AT 7:51 AM The Pokémon Go Fest this past weekend was a total disaster, and some attendees are planning to file a lawsuit against developer Niantic.Moto X4's Price May Have Been Leaked By Ken Manbert Salcedo on 07/28/17 AT 6:40 AM The Moto X4 is said to cost €350 in Europe, which roughly translates to $400 in the United States.Here's How Essential Phone's Dual Cameras Work By Ken Manbert Salcedo on 07/28/17 AT 6:34 AM As fans wait for the Essential Phone to start shipping, the company has published a blog post detailing how the phone's dual cameras work to create superior images.Apple Discontinues iPod Nano And Shuffle By Rishabh Jain on 07/28/17 AT 5:20 AM The Apple iPod line now consists of only the iPod Touch as iPod Nano and iPod Shuffle join the ranks of the iPod Classic as discontinued iPods.Tesla Model 3: Four Most Appealing Features By Denisse Moreno on 07/28/17 AT 3:50 AM Watch Elon Musk handover Tesla Model 3 cars to new owners. What are the standout features for the new Tesla?5G Capable iPhone 8 In The Works? By Rishabh Jain on 07/28/17 AT 2:24 AM An FCC listing revealed Friday that Apple has received approval from the Federal Communications Commission to test 5G broadband.Apple Patent Hints At Details For Augmented Reality On iPhones, Glasses By Eric Chiu on 07/27/17 AT 8:02 PM A recent Apple patent filing details how augmented reality systems could work on iOS devices.Here's What's Coming To Amazon Next Month And In The Fall By Denisse Moreno on 07/27/17 AT 7:11 PM Amazon is launching numerous gadgets and services starting next month.American Scientists Edit Genes In Human Embryos With CRISPR By Elana Glowatz on 07/27/17 AT 6:58 PM Scientists in the U.S. have reportedly edited the genes of human embryos for the first time, using CRISPR technology with positive results.TSA Scanning Change: How Will It Affect Travel, How To Apply For TSA Precheck By AJ Dellinger on 07/27/17 AT 6:18 PM A new policy implemented by the TSA will require electronics larger than a cell phone to undergo an x-ray scan. TSA PreCheck passengers can skip the process.How Many Of Your Body’s Atoms Are Galactic Immigrants? By Elana Glowatz on 07/27/17 AT 5:36 PM Matter can’t be created or destroyed, so it makes sense that your body is made up of atoms that came from other galaxies across the universe.Other Affordable Electric Cars Besides Tesla's Model 3 By Denisse Moreno on 07/27/17 AT 4:50 PM Interested in getting an electric car? Here are other affordable vehicles besides Tesla's Model 3.The Stratosphere Will Be Mars-Like During The Total Eclipse, So NASA Is Sending Balloons To Live Stream it By Nina Godlewski on 07/27/17 AT 4:46 PM NASA is sending highly resistant balloons into the stratosphere to test Mars-like conditions there during the eclipse.Apps In Google Play Store Discovered Stealing Texts By AJ Dellinger on 07/27/17 AT 4:42 PM Security researchers at Sophos discovered two apps in the Google Play Store that have the ability to steal a user's texts.PagesNext 

Most Read



  











Square CFO Sarah Friar interview: Sexism in tech a huge problem



   
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Tech



Tech


Mobile


Social Media


Enterprise


Cybersecurity


Tech Guide




Square CFO: Sexism in tech is 'absolutely a systemic problem'

Harriet Taylor													| @Harri8t

Wednesday, 22 Feb 2017 |  9:28  PM ETCNBC.com



SHARES














show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Square's CFO talks earnings and small businesses   
			                        Wednesday, 22 Feb 2017 |  9:23  PM ET |  01:59 




Sexism in tech is "absolutely a systemic problem," Square CFO Sarah Friar told CNBC's Deirdre Bosa on Squawk Box Asia.
Friar has held positions in a number of male-dominated industries, including tech and finance, where she was at Goldman Sachs for more than 10 years.
"It's systemic across multiple industries and I think we all have to admit that there's a problem and that will be the beginning of finding a solution," she said.

At Square, this means making both the company's employees and merchants who use its products feel they are part of an inclusive environment. 
"That's the tone at the top that needs to be heard," she said.
Sexual harassment and discrimination is an inescapable topic of conversation in the tech world following bombshell allegations about Uber's corporate culture in the wake of a blog post by a female engineer who quit the company and claimed numerous incidents of sexual harassment while there.
Square shares the same building Uber in San Francisco and Friar is one of a handful of high-powered C-level female executives within the tech world. In December, CEO Jack Dorsey said 80 percent of Square's workforce reports to five women on its leadership team, including Friar. 
Dorsey is also the CEO of Twitter. When asked about his ability to lead two companies at once, Friar said "I think our results speak for themselves." She added, "Jack's built a great team around him, he knows where he needs to step in and own it and when he needs to delegate."
Square beat reported strong quarterly results Wednesday, beating analyst expectations with a loss of 4 cents per share on revenue of $452 million.
Shares gained more than 8 percent after hours to trade near $15.88, climbing past the stock's all-time closing high of $15.48.
Here are all the details on Square's earnings. 
— with reporting from CNBC's Christine Wang



Watch: Should Dorsey jump the Twitter ship?








show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Should Jack jump ship from Twitter?   
			                        Wednesday, 22 Feb 2017 |  5:18  PM ET |  02:42 












Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter







































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...






















































Sarah Friar Joins Square as Chief Financial OfficerPress & MediaSarah Friar Joins Square as Chief Financial OfficerKey Hire Continues Company Momentum as Growth Accelerates
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Jun 13, 2012 - Square, the company revolutionizing everyday transactions between buyers and sellers, has hired Sarah Friar to be the company's Chief Financial Officer. Friar was most recently the Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategy, for enterprise cloud computing leader salesforce.com.
"Square was founded on a commitment to help people start and grow their business," said Friar. "I'm thrilled to join a company driving meaningful economic growth while revolutionizing the payment experience for consumers."  
Over 1 million individuals and businesses are able to accept credit cards with Square, which is now processing over $6 billion in payments on an annualized basis.
Before salesforce.com, Friar spent over 10 years at Goldman Sachs in corporate finance, M&A and equity research, and ultimately as business leader for the GS Technology Research group. She previously worked for McKinsey in both London and South Africa. She holds a Masters of Engineering from Oxford and a Masters of Business Administration from Stanford.
In the past year, Square has grown from 80 employees to over 300. The company recently added several VP-level executives including Alyssa Cutright (VP, International) from PayPal, Jesse Dorogusker (VP, Hardware) from Apple and Ricardo Reyes (VP, Communications and Brand Marketing) from Tesla. Square's burgeoning hiring supports its growing revenue and product offerings and precedes the company's plans for international expansion later this year.
About Square, Inc. 
Square is revolutionizing millions of everyday transactions between buyers and sellers with its free credit card reader for the iPhone, iPad, and Android devices, allowing anyone to accept credit cards anywhere, anytime. Square Register serves as a full point-of-sale system for businesses to accept payments, track inventory, and share menu and location information. Pay with Square is the most seamless way to pay, enabling individuals to pay with their names at their favorite local merchants, discover nearby businesses, explore menu listings, and store receipts. Founded in 2009, and headquartered in San Francisco, Square is currently available only in the U.S. More information is available at squareup.com.











Download Square Point of Sale.Square Point of Sale is available in the App Store and on Google Play.








































































































Square Hires Former Salesforce SVP Sarah Friar As CFO, Now Processes $6 Billion In Annual Payments  |  TechCrunch























































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFDiscover the frontiers of security and privacy at Disrupt SF 2017								
																			And save $1000 on tickets																												




















hires





mobile payments







Baidu teams up with PayPal to take its Chinese mobile wallet global














Shake Shack’s CEO is joining Square’s board of directors














Amazon Pay Places lets you pay for real-world shopping using your Amazon info, starting with TGI Fridays orders













Browse more...








Square







Shake Shack’s CEO is joining Square’s board of directors














Taxis get Square in DC














A look at Square’s first diversity report and ally training for employees













Browse more...









Square Hires Former Salesforce SVP Sarah Friar As CFO, Now Processes $6 Billion In Annual Payments


	Posted Jun 13, 2012 by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl)




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

Shopcade Switches On Social Influence And Gaming Features












Mobile payment service Square today announced that it has hired Sarah Friar as its new Chief Financial Officer. Until now, Friar was the Senior Vice President for finance and strategy at Salesforce.com. Before joining Salesforce, Friar worked at Goldman Sachs in corporate finance, M&A and equity research, as well as at McKinsey in London and South Africa.
Square says this new hire and its various other VP-level hires earlier this year should help it grow its product offerings and prepare for its international expansion “later this year.”
In its announcement of Friar’s hire, Square also noted that it now processes “over $6 billion in payments on an annualized basis.” In addition, Square claims that “over 1 million individuals and businesses are able to accept credit cards with Square.”
Despite the hype that still surrounds it, Square faced a few challenges in recent month. There have been, for example, persistent rumors about how the work environment at Square isn’t necessarily the best. That, apparently, didn’t scare away Friar, but given the competitive hiring environment in Silicon Valley, those rumors aren’t going to make hiring easier for Square. The company currently has around 300 employees (up from just 80 a year ago).
There has also been some talk about how Apple’s new Passport feature in the upcoming iOS 6 release could be a prelude to a full mobile payments solution that could take the wind out of startups like Square and others.





0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



Crunchbase






				Square			


 
Founded
2009


Overview
Square helps anyone take care of their business. Square's complete [register](http://www.square.com/register) service is a full point of sale with tools for every part of running a business, from accepting credit cards and tracking sales and inventory to small-business financing. Customers also use [Square Cash](/product/square-cash), the easiest way to send and receive money, and [Square Order](/product/square-order), …


Location

San Francisco, CA



Categories

Mobile Payments, 																													Finance, 																													Hardware, 																													Software, 																													FinTech, 																													Mobile, 																													Payments 


Website

http://squareup.com 


Full profile for Square 










	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes




















							hires 						





							mobile payments						





							Square						



Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive
1 hour ago | Josh Constine






 

Foxconn’s long con
2 hours ago | John Biggs






 

What to expect from Tesla as the Model 3 hits the road
4 hours ago | Darrell Etherington






 

Stitch Fix has confidentially filed for an IPO
4 hours ago | Matthew Lynley, Katie Roof









Latest From TechCrunch





 

Dear Floyd Mayweather, you’re why the SEC exists
1 hour ago | John Mannes






 

Real estate site Redfin soars 45% after IPO
1 hour ago | Katie Roof






 

Using eye smiles to predict the state of your whole face in VR
1 hour ago | Devin Coldewey






 

Gas pump card skimmer now phones home
1 hour ago | John Biggs










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
Shopcade Switches On Social Influence And Gaming Features

	Posted Jun 13, 2012  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Software Engineer - Java (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Senior Android and IOS Developer (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Sr Software Engineer (Back End) at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Data Engineer at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Full Stack Developer at Laborocity (Radnor, PA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Battlefield Africa
Battlefield Australia
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								Dear Floyd Mayweather, you’re why the SEC exists							

								1 hour ago by John Mannes							



								Real estate site Redfin soars 45% after IPO							

								1 hour ago by Katie Roof							



								Using eye smiles to predict the state of your whole face in VR							

								1 hour ago by Devin Coldewey							



								Gas pump card skimmer now phones home							

								1 hour ago by John Biggs							



								iRobot’s CEO says the company never planned to sell Roomba home mapping data							

								1 hour ago by Brian Heater							



								Anonymous app Whisper lays off 20% of staff to survive							

								1 hour ago by Josh Constine							



								Amazon reportedly acquired GameSparks for $10M to build out its gaming muscle							

								2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden							



								Foxconn’s long con							

								2 hours ago by John Biggs							



								Unhack the vote							

								2 hours ago by Jon Evans							



								Life Bot’s new Alexa app can text you reminders, help with daily activities							

								3 hours ago by Sarah Perez							



 








Sarah Friar: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:20 PM ET
IT Services

Company Overview of Square, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sarah   Friar  Chief Financial Officer, Square, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships44$3,881,197As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Sarah Friar has been the Chief Financial Officer and Operations Lead of Square, Inc. since June 13, 2012. Ms. Friar served as the Senior Vice President of Finance & Strategy at Salesforce.com. Previously, Ms. Friar served as the Managing Director, Business Unit Leader for Technology and Lead Software Analyst/Analyst at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division. From July 2000 to April 2011, she spent at Goldman Sachs in corporate finance, M&A and equity research ... and ultimately as Business Leader for the GS Technology Research group. She joined Goldman Sachs in 2000 as an Associate in the Technology Investment Banking Group. In 2002, she joined Global Investment Research to cover software stocks. Ms. Friar served as Managing Director at Goldman Sachs since 2006. Since 2007, at Goldman, she was the Business Unit Leader for the Technology sector, part of the broader TMT Research group in Americas Equity Research. Prior to joining Goldman, Ms. Friar worked as a Consultant for McKinsey & Company in both London and South Africa. She is also been a board member of Spark. She has been Independent Director of New Relic, Inc. since December 2013. She serves as a Member of Business Advisory Council at Illuminate Ventures. She served as a Director of ModelN, Inc. from September 2012 to May 31, 2015. Ms. Friar holds an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of Business in 2000 and a MEng, in Metallurgy, Economics and Management from the University of Oxford in 1996.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1455 Market StreetSan Francisco, California 94103United StatesPhone: 415-375-3176Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentIndependent DirectorNew Relic, Inc.
Education
MBA 2000Stanford Graduate School of BusinessME 1996University of Oxford
Other Affiliations
Model N, Inc.Stanford Graduate School of BusinessUniversity of OxfordGoldman Sachs Group Inc., Research DivisionNew Relic, Inc.Illuminate Ventures


Annual Compensation
Salary$250,000Total Annual Compensation$250,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,555,199All Other Compensation$71,651Exercisable Options$2,608,449Exercisable Options Value$15,993,025Unexercisable Options$286,092Unexercisable Options Value$11,444Total Value of Options$16,004,468Total Number of Options$2,894,541
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$321,651Total Short Term Compensation$250,000Other Long Term Compensation$1,626,850Total Calculated Compensation$3,881,197




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationPhilip G. Heasley Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorACI Worldwide, Inc.$720.0KPaul S. Galant Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVeriFone Systems, Inc.$800.0KCharles D. Drucker Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorVantiv, Inc.$1.5MPhilippe  Lazare Chairman & CEOIngenico Group - GCS$1.9MPhilippe  Vallée Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorGemalto N.V.$310.2KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Square, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Square CFO Sarah Friar Talks About Her Career In Tech – And Why Some High School Kids Are Asking For More Homework
































































  U.S.EditionsAustralia EditionChina EditionIndia EditionItaly EditionJapan EditionSingapore EditionUnited KingdomUnited States Jul 28, 5:20 PM EDT  Subscribe  Search     Search     

 Technology   Square CFO Sarah Friar Talks About Her Career In Tech – And Why Some High School Kids Are Asking For More Homework By  Kathleen Caulderwood  @kcaulderwood   On 02/17/14 AT 10:20 AM             New Relic appointed Sarah Friar, CFO of Square, to its board of directors in January 2014.   Photo: Women 2.0 http://women2.com/cloud-software-company-new-relic-adds-square-cfo-sarah-friar-board/   A few weeks ago, Sarah Friar, the chief financial officer of mobile payment company Square, was added to the board of software analytics company New Relic.It’s the latest in a series of career moves that has taken her from South Africa to London to San Francisco through the world of engineering, corporate finance and, finally, tech startups.  “Not many people on the planet have the relevant, high-scale, hands-on experience with finance, engineering and operations that Sarah has,” wrote Lew Cirne, founder and CEO of New Relic, in a blog post announcing her appointment. He said her experiences at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS), McKinsey & Company, Salesforce.com and Square have “given her a front-row seat for the evolution of the modern software business model.”But the mother of two is also passionate about another subject: creating more opportunities for women in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).In an interview with International Business Times, Friar discussed the challenges for women in technology and the corporate world, and her new initiative, meant to inspire girls in elementary and high school to pursue careers in computing.   IBTimes: You've recently been appointed to New Relic's board of directors, and Robin Schulman was also hired as general counsel and Hilarie Koplow-McAdams as the chief revenue officer. Is it unusual for a tech company to have this many women on the board?  Friar: Clearly there is nothing preventing women from being great leaders, so the lack of women in tech has to be a systemic bias which we should all be fighting to overcome. It starts small and early — talking to our daughters to get them passionate and interested in science and respectful of diverse opinions and thoughts. I have already heard girls in my daughter’s 3rd grade class say they are not good at math. That is a terrible outcome at 9 years old. IBTimes: What are the disadvantages (and advantages) for women working in the corporate world and technology? Can you cite any specific examples from your own experience?Friar: As a minority, you are memorable. When I was a tech analyst, I was often the only woman in the room asking a question. I knew if my question was insightful, everyone would remember “Sarah Friar probed on that.” I also knew that if it was weak or irrelevant, everyone would remember that, too. It is good to have a high bar in life, as it gives that extra adrenalin rush that we should all be craving in our professional lives.   IBTimes: Before joining Square in 2012, you had worked at Salesforce.com, Goldman Sachs and McKinsey. Is there a difference in the working atmosphere at a relatively smaller company like Square? Friar: Broadly speaking, regardless of the overall size of an organization, small teams will always move faster and be more nimble in the face of blockers. McKinsey was all about small teams oriented around a single piece of work with clearly defined deliverables. It was a great training ground for me. At Goldman, equity research is also formed around small teams hyperfocused on deliverables.At Square, our open and transparent culture makes us truly unique. For example, notes from every meeting are emailed to the entire company — whether the meeting covers new product features, potential partnerships or acquisition, etc. This even includes our Board meetings. We are transparent because everyone is an owner of this company and we also believe that great ideas can come from anywhere. Those ideas are often sparked by being knowledgeable about everything happening at Square.  Being transparent also helps people think outside of their current role. (For example, those in finance have opinions on our products and engineers have ideas about how to launch to market.) Hack Week, which happens once per quarter at Square, is a great example of teams coming together around an idea they are passionate about and working outside of their day-to-day job description. Many ideas born during Hack Week become the next set of disruptive products we launch to the world.IBTmes: Women are generally considered a minority in the STEM field. What has made you different? What drew you to technology?Friar: My math teacher at school would reference the subject as a language, which really resonated with me. I have always been intrigued by numbers and love how seemingly very complex problems can be distilled down into logical pieces.I studied metallurgy in college, graduating with a master's of engineering. My first internship was on a gold mine in Africa. The environment was not very diverse, but it did set a bar of “If I can survive and thrive here, then I can do anything.”In 1998, I came to Silicon Valley and was so excited to be part of such a vibrant community. The U.S. really does feel like a melting pot where anyone can be anything they want to be. We are very lucky to have this sentiment, but there is no doubt we can push to do more.When companies look like their customers and have empathy, not just sympathy, they respond better in their products and services. It is fun to watch our Square executive team in action because we all come from different backgrounds, countries and perspectives.  IBTimes: What's the biggest challenge for a woman working in tech today?Friar: There is a lot of pressure on women (and men) to do it all — be successful in their career, while equally supporting their partner and being a great mum/dad. At Square, we do everything we can to support parents. We offer four months of paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers. We also lead by example. I have set a goal to attend as many major school events as possible, and I also always take my kids to doctor appointments. This requires planning and being very clear on priorities.Beyond that, at Square, empowering women also means empowering women entrepreneurs and small business owners with products that make it easy for them to start, run and grow their businesses. In America, 30 percent of small businesses are led or founded by women; 50 percent of small businesses using Square are led or founded by women. We are proud of our female seller community and want to do more to support them.In celebration of International Women’s Day, we are hosting an event on March 10 for women entrepreneurs and sellers as an opportunity for them to strengthen their livelihoods and learn from experts on topics that are pertinent to their businesses: utilizing social media for marketing, finance 101, recruiting smartly and well, even when you are small, and running your business by the numbers. We are committed to supporting women in business, inside and outside of our own teams.IBTimes: What gave you the idea to start Code Camp? Did you have an "aha" moment?Friar: The idea for High School Code Camp stemmed from a Square engineer who wished a similar opportunity had been available to her — an opportunity that would have exposed her to computer science before college. I’m excited that four months into High School Code Camp, we are hearing from several young women that they are now considering computer science as a major.IBTimes: How has the project progressed?Friar: We are four months into High School Code Camp and the girls are meeting twice a week, two hours at a time at Square’s headquarters. Class begins with a short lecture and then they dive into hands-on coding work. Our curriculum, which was created by Square engineers, mixes theory and practice, and prepares the young women for the AP computer science exam in May.IBTimes: Has anything surprised you yet?Friar: The high schoolers are asking for homework.IBTimes: What advice can you give to young women looking to enter the STEM fields?Friar: A diversity of thought, perspective and culture is important in any field, not just engineering. Surround yourself with people who support you and get involved in programs like High School Code Camp and College Code Camp, Black Girls Code and Girls Who Code. 







 

Most Read



The NewsletterExclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily.SubscribeRelated Stories Twitter Chairman Talks Receipts In Relation To Square Caterpillar's DelVecchio: Women In Manufacturing Shouldn’t Try To Be 'Men In High Heels' 

Recommended



  BusinessDropbox IPO In The Works? The file-sharing company is reportedly inching closer to an initail public offering. TechnologyNorth Korean Hackers Target South Korea To Steal Money Instead Of Secrets In the face of economic sanctions, North Korea has started to target financial institutions in cyber attacks to generate money. WorldThe Bible Is Wrong About Ancient Israelites A new study found that the ancient Canaanites were not destroyed by the Israelites as the Bible says — here's why. NationalUnited Airlines Passenger Films Employees Mishandling Customers' Luggage United Airlines faces more backlash after a passenger films the way luggage is handled by airline employees.





 

















































Irishwoman Sarah Friar joins the board of Slack




























































































 


































BUSINESSDISCOVERYCAREERSLIFEVIDEOMORE 






















 Tweet

 Share
 Email










ALLCOMPANIESENTERPRISECOMMSSTART-UPS 






Moral licensing in the world of design





The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017





Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets





Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development





Dave, technology and the power of people





Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’?









Amazon’s Jeff Bezos is now richer than Microsoft’s Bill Gates





Twitter revenues fall while user numbers stay static at 328m





State-backed IIF to acquire 78pc of Irish broadband firm Enet





WhatsApp active user numbers explode to 1bn per day





6 reasons why Facebook is a real threat to Google’s global ads dominance





Apple suffers patent woe as US university awarded $506m









Low lie the hopes in Athenry: Apple decision pushed to October





Ransomware victims have paid out around €22m in just two years





AIB changes its mind about outsourcing IT roles to India





Titan IC sets sail to secure the world’s major cloud providers





Privacy Shield deficiencies must be ‘urgently resolved’, say MEPs





Something ‘phishy’: Why Irish organisations are a plum target for hackers









Ireland’s Government agrees ‘digital age of consent’ should be 13





Vodafone to launch voice over 4G and Wi-Fi in Ireland in early 2018





Ripplecom wins deal to bring broadband to 55 Glanbia agribusinesses





Meteor storms into abyss as part of Eir rebrand





Revealed: This is Ireland’s broadband black spot





A Georgian knot: Dublin’s fine old architecture can affect internet quality









SoftBank leads investment in Slack, valuing it at $5bn





How Lucy Friedman found her calling with SwitchMetrics





Airbnb’s Joe Zadeh: ‘Our grand vision is to get into all verticals of travel’





15 life sciences start-ups to watch at RebelBio Demo Day 2017





Belfast’s B-Secur raises £3.5m to transform infosec in a heartbeat





Arlan Hamilton represents the new wave of venture capitalism










ALLINNOVATIONMACHINESEARTH SCIENCE 






An Cosán co-founder Dr Ann Louise Gilligan dies after short illness





Inspirefest 2017’s free Family Fringe to be a maker’s paradise this summer





David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion





Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white





Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths?





Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase









Iberian peninsula stayed a Steppe ahead of Eastern immigration





Complete the antibiotics course, or drop out when you feel better?





Explore the universe: €1.4m LOFAR radio telescope switched on in Ireland





How do you treat a lion’s mane jellyfish sting?





Double delight for Irish at Maths Olympiad in Rio de Janeiro





Weekend takeaway: Sci-tech reads that are out of this world









UK going electric in 2040, with ban on petrol and diesel cars





AI bunfight erupts: Musk says Zuckerberg’s AI knowledge is ‘limited’





HubSpot acquires AI player Kemvi to sharpen salespeople’s game





IoT threats mount, while smart thermostats invade the home





AI at the edge: Intel’s Irish acquisition Movidius reveals $79 AI stick





Underground Hyperloop on way in New York and Washington DC









How many people could live on Earth?





Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim





WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village





World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia





Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams





The bees are still in trouble, so we are too










ALLADVICEPEOPLEEMPLOYERSJOBS 






Inspiring the next generation to be at the forefront of STEM fields





Everything you need to know about dress codes these days





What is dividing the genders at work? It may stem from the Constitution





Wales’ tech cities: Swansea and Cardiff lead chorus for tech jobs boom





Why are Ireland’s universities letting women down?





How to transform your career and climb to the top









Which is the easiest programming language to learn?





Productivity is the buzzword that’s killing creativity





I have a new job, but what if I don’t fit in?





Working remotely? 5 perfect alternatives to working from home





Finding Nemo: How to be a marine biologist in 5 easy(ish) steps





5 career advice takeaways from Inspirefest 2017









Pay It Forward: Giving young people a chance to see if STEM is for them





Shining a light on cancer at the earliest possible stages





7 kick-ass TV role models for aspiring women in STEM





Make a difference: How 115 Aon employees volunteered in the local community





Remembering a hidden figure: Computing pioneer Jean Sammet





Enet CTO: Success does not come from being busy









6 top international companies hiring in data right now





How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce?





6 companies hiring in fintech right now





7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now





7 of the coolest science jobs in the world





Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful









Roscommon eyes piece of biopharma jobs buzz with new facility planned





40 new roles at Queen’s Uni as EU puts €9m into major energy hub





Wanted: IT security superheroes to fight cybercrime





Shopify brings 100 new remote-working jobs to the west of Ireland





Software giant Zendesk announces massive 300-job expansion in Dublin





Limerick gets jobs boost as river turbine tech powers ahead










ALLGEARPLAYTRENDING 






Switching off: 17pc of under-30s have stopped buying TV licences





Tweet success: Twitter says action against trolls is working





Facebook will soon put up paywalls and free limits for certain articles





Check out all 66 winning images from international photo awards





New Twitter tweaks make it easier for you to shut out the trolls





Leaving cert exam ‘not compromised’ after paper appears online









Nokia nostalgia: Retro Nokia 3310 and new smartphones arrive in Ireland





Flash to go bang in 2020: Adobe says final goodbye to plugin





Reports of MS Paint’s death have been greatly exaggerated





It’s an Apple Pay day for AIB customers as mobile wallet service arrives





Apple embraces zombies and elves for new emoji in iOS 11





Dedicated LinkedIn app is coming to Windows 10 screens near you









S-Town and My Dad Wrote a Porno on way to Dublin for podcast fest





Google adds SOS alert capabilities to Search and Maps





Google Maps brings Street View to the International Space Station





Google takes on Facebook with new algorithmic news feed





Rhianna Pratchett: ‘It’s like writing a movie script while shooting it at the same time’





Twitter plans ‘fake news’ button, but fears it could be gamed









Who are Ireland’s most-followed people on Twitter?





While we were laughing at ‘covfefe’, millions of Twitter bots joined Trump’s ranks





Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert





What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today?





‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle





13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle










ALL 






Father of the internet Vint Cerf predicts the AI-driven future





Software quality is the key to TSSG’s success





How distributed energy systems will supercharge electricity markets





GDPR is a chance to rethink how we view privacy, says IBM’s Cristina Cabella





Sugru’s Jane Ní Dhulchaointigh talks sticky ideas at Inspirefest 2017





The cost reduction attached to innovation is phenomenal










ADVERTISESUBSCRIBECONTACTABOUT 

































COMPANIES



Irishwoman Sarah Friar joins the board of Slack
by John Kennedy


17 Mar 2017118 Shares 





 




 


Sarah Friar on stage at the Web Summit in Lisbon in November. Image: Web Summit/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)

 



Square CFO Sarah Friar has been appointed to the board of team messaging service Slack. 
Sarah Friar is arguably one of the most powerful Irish executives in Silicon Valley today, and business communications platform Slack has appointed the Square CFO as its first independent board member.
Friar will be Slack’s first female director.
Slack, which is creating 100 new jobs in Dublin, aims to revolutionise how businesses work and communicate, taking the social tools young workers have become accustomed to and right-sizing them for the workplace in a fun and engaging way.

Life-changing, career-defining moves
Friar is the chief financial officer of Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey’s other company, Square, which enables e-commerce payments on mobile devices.
Before joining Square, Friar worked in finance and strategy at Salesforce and, before that, Goldman Sachs.
Friar has been mooted in Silicon Valley circles as a likely successor to Jack Dorsey for the CEO role at Square should he ever decide to focus exclusively on Twitter.
Hailing from Northern Ireland, and the winner of a life-changing scholarship to study at Oxford, Friar was named Financial Woman of the Year in 2014.
Slack was founded by Canadian Stewart Butterfield. The platform emerged from a project management tool for Glitch, a gaming company that Butterfield shuttered in 2012.
Prior to Slack, Butterfield co-founded image-sharing site Flickr with Caterina Fake and Jason Classon in 2002, originally as a video games business. Flickr was acquired by Yahoo in 2005 and Butterfield stayed on as product manager for three years.
Last year, Slack raised $200m in a massive funding round that valued the company at $3.8bn.
Sarah Friar image: Web Summit/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)



Related: leadership, social media, e-commerce, Twitter, Slack, Square







                                                Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist.                                            
editorial@siliconrepublic.com

   










You May Also Like





You May Also Like









Enterprise

The five-minute CIO: Colm O’Donaill, eShop World 

14 Apr 2017330 Shares 




Hiring Now








Informing, entertaining and connecting the world











Always at the cutting edge of new innovation











Be part of a globally successful team











Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share











2016 Graduate Employer of the Year
















Companies

Twitter drops lawsuit over unconstitutional demands 

10 Apr 20178 Shares 















Life

Twitter will now stop replies hogging your 140-character limit 

31 Mar 201712 Shares 


   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE   Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox.                     Submit Email           








Start-ups

Airbnb’s Joe Zadeh: ‘Our grand vision is to get into all verticals of travel’ 

20 hours ago41 Shares 















Enterprise

‘I am a strong believer that today’s digital worker comes preconfigured’ 

26 May 2017885 Shares 











Companies

Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey: ‘Twitter is a company that will endure forever’ 

30 Mar 201728 Shares 
















Latest News






Iberian peninsula stayed a Steppe ahead of Eastern immigration

8 hours ago 










Pay It Forward: Giving young people a chance to see if STEM is for them

9 hours ago 










SoftBank leads investment in Slack, valuing it at $5bn

10 hours ago 










Amazon’s Jeff Bezos is now richer than Microsoft’s Bill Gates

10 hours ago 















Twitter revenues fall while user numbers stay static at 328m

11 hours ago 










Complete the antibiotics course, or drop out when you feel better?

11 hours ago 










How Lucy Friedman found her calling with SwitchMetrics

12 hours ago 










Inspiring the next generation to be at the forefront of STEM fields

13 hours ago 










Explore the universe: €1.4m LOFAR radio telescope switched on in Ireland

13 hours ago 










Which is the easiest programming language to learn?

15 hours ago 















Low lie the hopes in Athenry: Apple decision pushed to October

17 hours ago 










State-backed IIF to acquire 78pc of Irish broadband firm Enet

17 hours ago 










WhatsApp active user numbers explode to 1bn per day

17 hours ago 










Switching off: 17pc of under-30s have stopped buying TV licences

18 hours ago 










Shining a light on cancer at the earliest possible stages

18 hours ago 










Ireland’s Government agrees ‘digital age of consent’ should be 13

18 hours ago 










6 reasons why Facebook is a real threat to Google’s global ads dominance

19 hours ago 










Airbnb’s Joe Zadeh: ‘Our grand vision is to get into all verticals of travel’

20 hours ago 















UK going electric in 2040, with ban on petrol and diesel cars

1 day ago 










Apple suffers patent woe as US university awarded $506m

1 day ago 










Productivity is the buzzword that’s killing creativity

1 day ago 










Vodafone to launch voice over 4G and Wi-Fi in Ireland in early 2018

1 day ago 










How do you treat a lion’s mane jellyfish sting?

1 day ago 










Nokia nostalgia: Retro Nokia 3310 and new smartphones arrive in Ireland

1 day ago 
















More from Business



Latest News
 



 























Silicon Republic Cookies Policy
Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience.  Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close








Square CFO Sarah Friar: This was the right time to IPO | Fortune.comFinanceSearchSearchDonald TrumpPresident Trump Just Dumped His Chief of Staff Reince PriebusOn LeadingThis Company Calls Itself the ‘Amazon of Real Estate’COMPARECARDSSPONSOREDSarahahWhat You Need to Know About Sarahah, the Hot New Anonymous Messaging AppSarah Friar, chief financial officer of Square Inc. Courtesy of Business WireSquareSquare CFO Sarah Friar: This was the right time to IPODan PrimackNov 19, 2015Square, the San Francisco-based company whose first product allowed merchants to take credit card payments via the iPhones, began trading shares this morning on the New York Stock Exchange, after raising $243 million in its initial public offering. The IPO itself was disappointing -- with Square pricing shares at $9 a piece, compared to an $11-$13 per share offering range -- but the stock has popped more than 40% in early trading.After Square's (sq) initial trades, Fortune spent some time on the phone with Sarah Friar, the company's chief financial officer since 2012. What follows is an edited transcript of our conversation:FORTUNE: Square last night chose to price below its IPO offering range. Was that a difficult decision, and was there any serious talk of postponement?FRIAR: Ultimately we felt the time was right for the company to go public. We said throughout the roadshow that the business is incredibly healthy right now and that we have a number of really big opportunities in front of us. You saw the new hardware we rang the bell with, we're at a point in time with major changes related to EMV and NFC technologies and Square Capital is hitting an S-curve. We can't time the market, so we control what we can control and what was most important was to put extra funding on our balance sheet.Did you get a sense from the roadshow that you'd price low?We had really good meetings. I think a lot of people walked in with preconceptions about Square, because we've definitely been a company that has had a story told for us that isn't our story -- which is why I was so happy to be able to show and not just tell. When we walked out of meetings we heard consistently, 'Wow, that's a completely different business from what I thought it was." They didn't necessarily realize all of the things you can build on top of two million active sellers and the data at our fingertips. Not just from the core business, but also Square Capital and how the services work together.RelatedAmazonThe Next Industry Amazon Could DominateAmazonThe Next Industry Amazon Could DominatePeople also think of Square as a payments company, but we were able to show that we're really a technology company with a tremendous platform for sellers that provides a cohesive experience that they can't get from anyone else. We're doing that via a payments model, but don't mistake us for a payments company.The stock has popped substantially this morning. Do you regret leaving money on the table?I'm just so happy we're back on the road to driving the business forward. We put quite a lot of new capital on a balance sheet that had been healthy already -- it was good to disprove naysayers by being able to show that -- we repaid the credit revolver so, net-net, we're just looking forward. It took a lot of work to get here, and there's more ahead.You came to Square from Salesforce.com (crm) but, before that, spent more than a decade at Goldman Sachs (gs). How did your investment banking experience inform your IPO decisions?I sometimes joke that, from an IPO perspective, I've surrounded the pin. I've seen it as a banker, a research analyst, a director and now as a CFO. And, I can say that the CFO seat is definitely where the most work is done, without question. I think what helped most of all was just keeping true north. The market is a long arc of the value you build, which always goes back to Square and our employees and our sellers. You need to remember that this is just a point-in-time...We had a lot of our sellers here at the [NYSE] this morning, and I was standing next to a woman... who I had spoken to during a previous trip to New York about taking Square Capital and she told me she had done it. Then she asked me about taking it again for a different opportunity. This is what it should be about, focused on the business moving forward.Speaking of that business: Square Capital currently provides merchant cash advances [MCAs]. Do you have any plans to become a licensed lender?When we moved into this business, we chose MCAs as our product because we could move faster with them. Classic tech company strategy, move fast and then quickly iterate. It certainly worked since we've given out over 50,000 advances in just a year-and-a-half. But, absolutely what we hear from sellers is that they'd like for us to take on the rest, because MCAs require sellers to wait until it comes to an end before getting more, which doesn't always work. So we're thinking about that on the back end to see how we could structure it to be more like a loan. Investors would like that too, because we basically moved this off the balance sheet and they'd like to be able to securitize it. So some sort of loan-like structure on the back-end with a lending license, but still matching working capital and knowing the fixed fee you're going to pay. There's a lot of magic to make.We at Fortune have focused a lot on how Square's IPO price affects its early investors. How does it affect employees?On a mega level, one really important tenet of Square is that we're all owners. Every employee has equity, which I'm very proud of, so I really care that the stock will show the value created over time. It impacts people's ability to send their kid to college or buy a house -- all because of what we built together.The message I sent to the team last night was to first take a breath and celebrate. Not many companies get to this stage, even though it may feel like they do. Then keep focusing on making life for sellers magical, and the market will pay us for that. Don't gauge the impact you're having by the stock price from one hour to the next.Google blocked its employees from checking stock prices on the day of its IPO. Did you?No [laughs]. I'm not sure that's even possible anymore.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn 






Sarah  Friar, CFO, Square


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Sarah  Friar



CFO
at
Square


Location: 





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Sarah  Friar



CFO
at
Square


Location: 




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Sarah Friar is CFO and Operations Lead at Square. Friar joined Square in July 2012 from salesforce.com, where she served as SVP of Finance & Strategy. Prior to salesforce.com, Friar worked at Goldman Sachs for over 10 years, with experience in corporate finance, M&A, and equity research, and ultimately as lead software analyst and Business Unit Leader for Goldman Sachs’ Technology Research Group. She previously worked for McKinsey in both London and South Africa. She holds a Masters of Engineering from Oxford University and an MBA from Stanford University.
In addition to New Relic, Sarah sits on the Boards of ModelN, a SaaS-based revenue management software company, and Spark, a nonprofit focused on changing the lives of at-risk middle schoolers through mentorship.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Software




Tags
Finance & Strategy




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A






























Careers






1


Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Sarah  FriarCareer (3)






Jan-2014




New Relic



Board Member







Jul-2012




Square



CFO







2010 to Apr-2011




Salesforce



Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategy








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Sarah  FriarEducation






2000



Stanford University Graduate School of Business












 Edit
View all 



Sarah  FriarAchievements and Recognitions






Jan-2014



IPO-bound New Relic adds Square’s Sarah Friar to its board (Jan-2014)


Source: gigaom.com









 Edit
View all 



Sarah  FriarLinks








Sarah Friar: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek
Source: investing.businessweek.com
Thu, Jan 09, 2014 by Spoke Business Intel 

Share













Sarah  FriarInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Sarah  Friar









Sarah  FriarInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Sarah  Friar








Sarah  FriarRelated People








Colleagues at Square







Randy Garutti

Board Of Director
Jul-2017









Henry  Domenici

Financing Lead
Oct-2015









John Ma

Web Dev Specialist @ Caviar
Sep-2015









Ted  Kosev

COO, Product and Operations Lead
Sep-2015








View all 
Peers (57)







Heather Fernandez

Co-Founder of New Venture









Hilarie Koplow-McAdams

President of New Relic









Neelie Kroes

former vice president of European Commission









Craig Conway

Chief Executive Officer of Kazeon Systems, Inc









Alan Hassenfeld

Chairman of Sendia









Stratton Sclavos

Board Of Director of Duo Security












View all 



Sarah  FriarRecommended Market Profiles (16)








Mobile

10,000 or More employees
141 companies








Seamless Payments

10,000 or More employees
21 companies








Direct Mobile Payments (Trinity Ventures)

10,000 or More employees
4 companies








Mobile Point of Sale

10,000 or More employees
14 companies








Mobile Wallet

10,000 or More employees
7 companies








Card Payment Enabler (Mobile LumaScape)

10,000 or More employees
14 companies


















