
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



Security Check Required





Jump toSection of this PageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuFacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017







Friends of Two Cranes LLC - Commercial- Ford  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Friends of Two Cranes LLC

      Industry: Commercial
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    5541 Wallingford Ave. N.  
    Seattle, WA, 98103Phone: (206) 675-1300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-27


New


$1,100,000


$1,100,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Bryan L. Ford 
 Executive, Promoter 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















2 Cranes Inn - Zion

































2 Cranes Inn- Zion
 



2 Cranes Inn- Zion
Spring view from nearby Rockville Bench




2 Cranes Inn- Zion
Lizard Zen Garden




2 Cranes Inn- Zion
Zion Canyon view from Deertrap Mountain




2 Cranes Inn- Zion
River Stone & Lawn Labyrinth




2 Cranes Inn- Zion
Front Porch Water Garden




2 Cranes Inn- Zion
Zion Canyon in Winter






Welcome
to a
  contemplative
whimsical
eco-conscious inn
for all your
Zion Canyon explorations 








offerings




    4 Bedrooms
four distinctive bedrooms, each with their own private bath and window vistas




   Large communal kitchen
fully equipped, allowing you to plan and prepare your meals in any way that suits your own travel style




   Extensive Garden Areas
with fire pit, hammocks, fruit trees, bbq grill & "river eddy" stone & lawn walking labyrinth







   Location!
Just 5 miles from Zion's south gate, 3 miles from Springdale restaurants, & centrally located for several other parks including Bryce, Grand Canyon, Cedar Breaks...

MAP and MORE...




   An eco-conscious business
Low-impact local and global approaches, fully solar powered! Fine-tuning and improving all the time...




   A community supported inn
Trailhead shuttling, adventure guiding, exploring and relaxing... many community partners that support us, and you!

See OUR PARTNERS...













Location!
We are located on Utah State Hwy 9 in quiet, tree-lined Rockville, Utah at the mouth of Zion Canyon, just around the corner from lively Springdale and only 5 miles from the south gate of stunning Zion National Park.
Two Cranes Inn is also just a 2 hour drive to Bryce Canyon National Park, 90 minutes to Cedar Breaks National Monument and Brian Head ski resort, less than 3 hours to Glen Canyon/Lake Powell, Grand Staircase-Escalante, and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon. We are less than an hour from several other colorful recreation areas, including Snow Canyon, Coral Pink Sand Dunes, Quail Creek, Kolob and Sand Hollow Reservoirs, and several world class mountain biking trail networks, including Gooseberry Mesa and Guacamole. We are a 2.5 hour drive from Las Vegas airport, where there are convenient and affordable shuttle services right to the area: (St George Shuttle and St George Express.) The Inn is also less than an hour’s drive from either Saint George or Cedar City airports.
You will never run out of things to do here!
Find your own way to us...



( close )




Our Guest and Visitor Services Partners
Two Cranes Shuttle
A personal hybrid trailhead shuttle service, here to help you make the most of your hiking miles. Many trailhead options starting from east to west rims and beyond, with most hikes ending conveniently at Zion Canyon's natl park shuttle, and/or your own waiting car. To reserve us today for any shuttle within Zion Park, contact Zion Guru directly, or for many other destinations, contact 2 Cranes Shuttle directly, at go@2cranesshuttle.com

A professional human development cooperative

Holistic outfitting, Narrows equipment rentals and guided tours in and around Zion National Park, Utah.
               We help you with the What, Where, and How so you can explore the "Why."

( close )







Guest Spaces at 2 Cranes Inn

Cozy, roomy, peaceful, playful, comfortable...

Set back from the main road, there are four comfortable bedrooms to offer, each with their own full private bathroom. Three rooms are queen-sized, one king, with extra bed options if needed. One room is on the ground floor with easy access.

Two Cranes Inn invites guests to relax and mingle in our many common areas, including the lounge, dining area and communal kitchen. Learning from our time working at a local outfitting/guiding shop, and mindful of the many different food preferences and allergies, we offer a different model than a typical B&B prepared breakfast, so you can better plan your meals in any way befitting your adventure schedule and eating routines. In our large and fully equipped communal kitchen you will hopefully find all you need, including complimentary fresh-ground coffee, an assortment of teas, a room-specific cupboard for all your shelf-stable items, and a shared refrigerator. There are some convenient food items available (oatmeals, juices, non-dairy milks, trail bars, late snacks) especially helpful if you happen to arrive late. There are also excellent grocery and restaurant options in the nearby town of Springdale, just up the road at the entrance to the national park.
Outdoors, guests are welcome to relax on the wrap-around porch and use the large gas grill on the covered back patio. There is a large sandstone-lined fire pit and extensive garden with fruit trees in which to meditate, or swing in a hammock. There is also a large river-stone and grass walking labyrinth in which to wind, and unwind.

To support and enhance your canyon retreat experience there are no televisions. Our free high-speed wireless internet is available throughout the property should you need to dip back into the digital world during your stay. There is also a digital printer available for guest use.
        








                                    The Kolob Elk Room
                                
The colorful Suite. Stretch out and stay awhile. Sleeps four.










                                    The Red Fox Room
                                
Sleep in... Northern room with Zion bluff views out back.










                                    The Dragonfly Room
                                
Sunny, with southern Eagle Crags and labyrinth views.












                                    The Desert Tortoise Room
                                
Sunny, downstairs, with view of large lawn and trees.










                                    Cozy Living Room
Browse our reading library and game collection.










                                    Large Communal Kitchen
                                
Treat yourself, with your own style, menu and schedule.












                                    Lovely Dining Room
                                











                                 Lizard Zen Garden   
                                











                                    "River Eddy" Walking Labyrinth
                                    









The Kolob Elk Room is our spacious and colorful upstairs suite with a queen-sized bed, full private bath, and an extra table and loveseat, or quickly covert to another full-sized bed to comfortably sleep four. With windows at each end of the room, it offers a bright and open atmosphere. Perfect for stretching out on longer stays.

The Red Fox Room is our peaceful upstairs den room with a California King bed, full private shower and tub bath, and northern views of the red rock bluffs. Great for sleeping late.

The Dragonfly Room is our sunny upstairs room, with queen-sized bed, full private bath, personal writing desk, and southern views. It overlooks the front lawn with river-stone labyrinth and many fruit trees, and offers a peek of spiring Eagle Crags. Great for early risers.

The Desert Tortoise Room, our smallest, is downstairs and sunny with queen-sized bed, easy access, and full private bath. The window faces our spacious front lawn and enormous pecan trees.

Most upstairs rooms can accomodate an additional single roll-away or air bed upgrade if needed.

All rooms may be reserved at once for larger gatherings, retreats, weddings, holidays, corporate off-sites, or other special events.

Check availability & reserve



see  our policies




Our Policies


    

MINIMUM STAY: A two-night minimum stay is preferred for most bookings. A three-night minimum stay is required for some holiday weekends. If you happen to need a room for just a single night stay, please call us for availability.

CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT TIMES: Our preferred check-in guideline is from 3 PM to 6 PM Mountain time. However, we are happy to accommodate later arrivals with advance notice and timely updates upon your approach. Our preference is always to greet you when you arrive, though self-check-ins may be arranged as needed. Check-out is no later than 11 AM.

CLEANING FEE: A one-time cleaning fee (per room) will be added to your room charge..

TAX: Combined Utah, Washington County, and local sales and room tax is 11.30%

DEPOSITS: A credit card is required to book a reservation.  A deposit of one night's stay will be used to confirm your reservation. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and Discover.

CANCELLATIONS: Wait, what? Seriously, because we are a small inn, cancellations can affect our business significantly.  If your travel plans change and you find you must cancel your reservation, we ask that you give us as much advance notice as possible. If you cancel with more than 14 days advance notice, we will refund your deposit. Otherwise, if you cancel within 14 days of your arrival, we can only refund your deposit if we are able to rebook your room.

EARLY DEPARTURES: Wait, you want to leave us? Seriously, because we are a small inn, early departures can affect our business just as much as cancellations. If your travel plans change after you've checked in, you will be responsible for 50% of the balance due. The good news is that if we are able to rebook your room for any of the unused nights, we will refund the amount held for each of those rebooked nights.

CHILDREN AND PETS: Well-behaved, responsible children 10 years and older are welcome to accompany their adult parents or legal guardians. As much as we love four-legged friends, for the comfort of all our guests, we cannot accommodate pets. (If needed, there is a wonderful pet hostel just up the road, by the name of Doggy Dude Ranch: (435) 772-3105 )

SMOKING: In the interest of the health and safety of our guests, our property is 100% smoke-free. Open flames of any kind, such as candles and incense, are prohibited. Violation of this policy will result in a $250 fee.

COMMUNICATIONS: We offer complimentary high-speed wireless internet throughout the Inn. Cellphone coverage is available in all rooms and throughout the property.

COMMON AREAS AND COMMUNAL KITCHEN: Indoors, our living room, kitchen and dining areas are open for our guests to enjoy. (We ask that shoes are not worn specifically on the Persian rug in the living room, as it is almost a century old and delicate! Slippers are provided at the entry for your stay, if needed.) The communal kitchen offers guests their own cupboard cabinet for storage and shared space in the refrigerator.

QUIET HOURS: For the benefit of all our guests and neighbors, we request that the house honor quiet hours from 10PM to 8AM Mountain time.

LOST KEYS: Oooh, bummer. Please contact us immediately. We're sorry, but for the security of all our guests, missing keys must incur a $75 charge for hardware replacement.

Close












About Us







Formerly operated as the quaint Rockville Rose Inn, this beautiful property changed ownership in 2016 and soon thereafter took flight with new vision as 2 Cranes Inn - Zion.
The 2 Cranes Inn proprietors, Lisa Benham and Lizette Byer, are originally from the San Francisco Bay Area and between them bring a broad range of professional, academic, and life experiences to the venue. These include tech development and design, fine arts, music, parenthood, environmental and sustainability education, meditation instruction, mindful running, and professional Integral Coaching. Their additional work with the local business Zion Guru as canyoneering outfitters,  guides, and as operators of their custom hybrid trailhead shuttle service, 2 Cranes Shuttle all provide guests with a broad package of adventure information and options.
2 Cranes Inn now has a custom river-stone walking labyrinth and continuing plans to gently expand the function of our property to accommodate yoga, massage, meditation, and other engaging and restorative offerings.
May this broad arc of joys, passions and intentions inform the inn's ambiance and your experiences during your stay here in the canyon.








Our Values

In no particular order (because that's so mutually exclusive and linear...)

 
global awareness

 
presence

 
balance

 
connection with nature



 
creativity

 
kindness

 
joy & awe!

 
great guest experience







Testimonials

What our guests have to say...



We THOROUGHLY enjoyed staying at 2 Cranes Inn. BEAUTIFUL location, comfortable accommodation, with everything we needed to enjoy our visit to Zion. WOW - you have a winner here! We can't wait to return!




2 Cranes Inn is "the" home base for your forays into Zion National Park. It's an idyllic place to hang out after spending your days exploring Zion and all its wonders. 




Not only do the pleasant, easy-going innkeepers, Lisa and Lizette, provide a comfortable place to retreat, they have very keen knowledge about the region and how to make the most of your stay.




it worked really well for us since it has a well organized community kitchen along with honor bar where emergency supplies of non-dairy milks and other goodies can keep you going.




We actually wished we could have spent more time at the house because it has all kinds of cool books about the area and Zion National Park, games, a library and even a take a book/leave a book library...




...Additionally, it seems that Lisa & Lizette really go out of their way to make sure guests are comfortable and help to answer any questions people have about the house or the area, whether it be hiking, restaurant or other.




Had a wonderful stay at this beautiful property so close to Zion National Park. Lisa and Lizette were charming hosts that made my stay all the more enjoyable and memorable!




Fully equipped common areas available to guests, and great outdoor areas. Easy seamless check in and out. Very close to Zion, but far enough away to be peaceful and avoid any crowding. Highly recommended.




This "hostel for grown-ups" was a great place for us. 2 Cranes is spotless, comfortable and well-located. We used the kitchen for all of our meals - all the guests were respectful of shared space...




...We took advantage of the park shuttles and appreciated being a little removed from the gateway town of Springdale (which is actually quite pleasant).




This house is spectacular. My sister and I came to Zion for the first time and could not have asked for a better place to stay. I could tell a lot of attention and care was put into all the rooms in the house. 




Two Cranes is a little home away from Home with cozy, comfortable rooms. Great base camp for exploring Zion. We were delighted to find out that Lisa is a guide for a local adventure Outfitter. She is a font of Zion info! 




Loved our stay in the dragonfly room. Lots of beautiful creative design details in the house. We had a really great time talking with Lizette and socializing with the other house guests. Would definitely come back for our next trip to Zion! 








fun facts 

semi-random facts about  where we live

 
10
millions of years evidenced that cranes have been on earth

 
1
hours the sun beams to Earth more than enough energy to satisfy global needs for an entire year

 
229
square miles of red rock landscape preserved within zion National Park

 
3500
distance in FEET from your 2 Cranes Inn backyard to nearest Zion Natl Park Boundary  (as crow flies)







Contact Us


Book with us immediately right here: 
Availability & Reservations

Questions?See our policies here.




Our Policies


    

MINIMUM STAY: A two-night minimum stay is preferred for most bookings. A three-night minimum stay is required for some holiday weekends. If you happen to need a room for just a single night stay, please call us for availability.

CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT TIMES: Our preferred check-in guideline is from 3 PM to 6 PM Mountain time. However, we are happy to accommodate later arrivals with advance notice and timely updates upon your approach. Our preference is always to greet you when you arrive, though self-check-ins may be arranged as needed. Check-out is no later than 11 AM.

CLEANING FEE: A one-time cleaning fee (per room) will be added to your room charge.

TAX: Combined Utah, Washington County, and local sales and room tax is 11.30%

DEPOSITS: A credit card is required to book a reservation.  A deposit of one night's stay will be used to confirm your reservation. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and Discover.

CANCELLATIONS: Wait, what? Seriously, because we are a small inn, cancellations can affect our business significantly.  If your travel plans change and you find you must cancel your reservation, we ask that you give us as much advance notice as possible. If you cancel with more than 14 days advance notice, we will refund your deposit. Otherwise, if you cancel within 14 days of your arrival, we can only refund your deposit if we are able to rebook your room.

EARLY DEPARTURES: Wait, you want to leave us? Seriously, because we are a small inn, early departures can affect our business just as much as cancellations. If your travel plans change after you've checked in, you will be responsible for 50% of the balance due. The good news is that if we are able to rebook your room for any of the unused nights, we will refund the amount held for each of those rebooked nights.

CHILDREN AND PETS: Well-behaved, responsible children 10 years and older are welcome to accompany their adult parents or legal guardians. As much as we love four-legged friends, for the comfort of all our guests, we cannot accommodate pets. (If needed, there is a wonderful pet hostel just up the road, by the name of Doggy Dude Ranch: (435) 772-3105 )

SMOKING: In the interest of the health and safety of our guests, our property is 100% smoke-free. Open flames of any kind, such as candles and incense, are prohibited. Violation of this policy will result in a $250 fee.

COMMUNICATIONS: We offer complimentary high-speed wireless internet throughout the Inn. Cellphone coverage is available in all rooms and throughout the property.

COMMON AREAS AND COMMUNAL KITCHEN: Indoors, our lounge and kitchen and dining areas are open for our guests to enjoy. We ask that shoes are not worn in these areas. The fully equipt communal kitchen provides each guestroom their own cupboard cabinet for food storage, and shared space in the refrigerator.

QUIET HOURS: For the benefit of all our guests and neighbors, we request that the house honor quiet hours from 10PM to 8AM Mountain time.

LOST KEYS: Oooh, bummer. Please contact us immediately. We're sorry, but for the security of all our guests, missing keys must incur a $75 charge for hardware replacement.

Close






Or contact us directly with any lingering quandaries. We are happy to help!
    email us: rest&commat;2CranesZion.com
   phone us: 435.216.7700+1 (435) 216.7700
   map & directions: 
125 East Main Street (Hwy 9)  Rockville, UT 84763



































 
	Manitowoc to Highlight Over 80 Years - General News - News | Western Pacific Crane & Equipment











Skip to main content























SITE SEARCH:









For More Information: 855-9-CRANES
927-2637





ABOUT US


Affiliates


Calendar of Events





Equipment


Truck Mounted Cranes - Grove


All Terrain Cranes - Grove


Rough Terrain - Grove


YardBoss Industrial - Grove


Lattice Boom Crawler Cranes - Manitowoc


Telehandlers - Manitou


Telescoping Cranes - Stand Up Controls - National


Telescoping Cranes - Swing Seat Control - National


Used Equipment





PARTS



SERVICE



CONTACT US


Locations










Print this Page
Email a Friend



Home.Article





SECTION

 

	 

	 






			CONTACT US
		Check out all of our locations













Manitowoc to Highlight Over 80 Years




Manitowoc MLC 165
© Manitowoc



	 

	News Release

1/28/2013

	Manitowoc has been manufacturing cranes since 1925 and will use this year’s bauma 2013 trade fair to reinforce the product quality and industry expertise it has acquired in 88 years of serving the industry. The company will present the latest lifting innovations from its Grove, Manitowoc and Potain brands, and provide information and demonstrations of its full product line and support services. Occupying a large area on stand N1018/5, Manitowoc will have a strong presence at the Munich, Germany show, with at least seven new models on display

	Philippe Cohet, executive vice president of Manitowoc in EMEA, said the company’s products at the show demonstrate the results of the past few years’ efforts in developing innovation and engineering excellence to deliver better performance, quality and reliability from its cranes.

	“For the past five years we have focused on improving quality at our factories and reinforcing our new product development,” he said. “It has been an intense process that has required us to leverage the experience of our global team. But the results make it worthwhile. Many of our customers have seen the changes firsthand at our factories, but bauma 2013 is our first opportunity to show the global industry how the changes have allowed us to create some of the best new cranes on the market.”

Manitowoc

	One of the seven new models on show is the MLC 165, a new 165 t capacity Manitowoc crawler crane that is making its international debut at bauma 2013. The mobile and easy-to-assemble crane replaces two cranes in the product range, the Manitowoc 777 and Manitowoc 555. Because of its modular design, ease of transport and variety of configurations, the crane is likely to attract strong interest from contractors who can use the crane for pile-driving, clamshell, grapple work and a host of other duties, including general lifting.

Potain

	Manitowoc’s Potain brand will introduce the 270 LVF 100 hoist for large top-slewing tower cranes. This is the most powerful frequency-controlled hoist ever built by Potain. The winch’s intelligent design allows it to function off different power supplies, while a number of features keep it operating on even the most demanding construction sites.

	The 201 kW (270 hp) winch will be installed at ground level on the counterjib of a new MD 610 tower crane. The crane is designed for maximum lift capacity and durability, yet its design uses the same assembly method as other tie-bar Potain cranes, making transportation and assembly simple. It is available in two versions with either a 25 t or 40 t maximum capacity.

	Completing the Potain cranes on display will be the Igo 36 and the Igo T 85 A from the self-erecting range and the MDT 248 from the topless series. The MDT 248 is the latest crane from the topless line and is making its first appearance at an international trade show.

Grove

	Manitowoc’s Grove brand will present several new cranes. The GMK6400 all terrain crane has a 400 t capacity, a self-rigging Mega Wing Lift attachment and a Megadrive travel system. The crane has been nominated for an innovation award from the European Association of abnormal road transport and mobile cranes (ESTA).

	The new GMK3060 is an updated version of the popular GMK3055 all terrain crane. The crane features the new Manitowoc Crane Control System. Also on the Manitowoc booth with the Manitowoc CCS is the new RT550E rough-terrain crane.

	On display is the new RT770E. It has a 65 t capacity and a huge 42 m boom. This gives customers extremely long reach and a five-section boom without having to upgrade to the bigger 70 t to 80 t class, where cranes are heavier and take up more space on the job site.

	Rounding out the Grove offering on the booth will be a new YardBoss industrial crane, the Grove YB5520. This 18 t industrial crane is the first to be fully CE-certified in line with the latest European EN 13000 regulations.

Manitowoc Crane Care and new technology

	In the multimedia information area, several computer screens will be available, demonstrating on-line capabilities, including CraneSTAR demonstrations, where Manitowoc will highlight the latest changes to this remote asset-management tool.

	Manitowoc Crane Care, the customer support division of Manitowoc, will present information on its comprehensive range of services including OEM parts, service support, technical documentation and professional training. Manitowoc Crane Care will also formally launch its partner program for EnCORE, its rebuild and refurbishment operation, in the EMEA region. Under the program, Manitowoc dealers can now qualify to carry out Manitowoc-approved repair and refurbishment work on cranes, making it faster and more cost effective for owners.  

Manitowoc Finance

	In addition to showing equipment, Manitowoc will have a significant area of its stand dedicated to customer services. Among these will be funding for cranes, with a variety of options highlighted by Manitowoc Finance. The finance division partners with De Lage Landen and BNP Paribas in EMEA, and representatives from both financial organizations, together with senior management from Manitowoc Finance, will be at the show. In addition, there will be several “show specials” presented during bauma 2013, with discounted payment schedules and attractive interest rates.

Looking ahead

	Philippe Cohet said Manitowoc’s emphasis at the show will be on reinforcing core values.

	“We’re showing cranes that offer real advantages, not only in performance but in terms of reliability, which is a direct result of the factory improvements and processes we’ve made recently,” he said. “It’s important that lifting technology keeps pace with changing market demands, and we want to help our customers complete jobs faster and more efficiently using one of our cranes.”

	“Our company is one of the oldest crane manufacturers in the world, and our global staff knows this business far better than anyone. It is essential that we continue to focus on developing stronger customer relationships. We’re looking forward to welcoming friends and colleagues to Munich, to share our latest developments with them.”

Among the cranes appearing on the Manitowoc stand at bauma 2013 are:


		Grove GMK3060 (new)

		Grove GMK6400

		Grove YB5520 (new)

		Grove RT550E (new)

		Grove RT770E (new)

		Potain MD 610 (new)

		Potain MDT 248 (new)

		Potain Igo T 85 A

		Potain Igo 36

		Manitowoc MLC 165 (new)

 
Back
 



 

 



CONTACT US

				WESTERN PACIFIC CRANE & EQUIPMENT LLC
				8600 Calabash Ave. Fontana, CA 92335
				Toll Free: (855) 927-2637
info@wpcrane.com


OUR LOCATIONS



Los Angeles Area (Fontana)

San Francisco Area 

Portland Area

Seattle AreA (Arlington)

Alaska

Hawaii (Kapolei)

Guam & Marshal Islands




INFO



Site Map

CONTACT US

Careers

Credit Application

Terms and Conditions




			 



			Designed and Developed by Americaneagle.com
		© 2017 Western Pacific Crane & Equipment LLC. All Rights Reserved.









Market analytics 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Friends of the Wild Whoopers - Page 8 of 129 - Whooping Crane conservation.



Friends of the Wild Whoopers - Page 8 of 129 - Whooping Crane conservation.



























































 



 





Friends of the Wild Whoopers
Whooping Crane conservation.













Featured
Welcome Friends


Friends of the Wild Whoopers,  (a.k.a FOTWW) is a 501c3 nonprofit conservation organization whose mission is to help preserve and protect the Aransas/Wood Buffalo population of wild whooping cranes and their habitat.
We would like to educate those who have an interest in protecting this beautiful American bird, as well as bringing you the latest news on the Whooper.
Make sure you subscribe to stay informed. If you would like to contribute in any way, we would love to hear from you. Donations are always welcome to help with our expenses.
 






March 22, 2017 by Admin 
Are whooping cranes destined for extinction?


Are whooping cranes destined for extinction? Climate change imperils recruitment and population growth
Matther J. Butler, Kristine L. Metzger, Grant M. Harris
First published: 21 March 2017
Summary
Whooping Cranes on their wintering grounds at Aransas NWR. Photo courtesy of Kevin Sims
Identifying climatic drivers of an animal population’s vital rates and locating where they operate steers conservation efforts to optimize species recovery. The population growth of endangered whooping cranes (Grus americana) hinges on juvenile recruitment. Therefore, we identify climatic drivers (solar activity [sunspots] and weather) of whooping crane recruitment throughout the species’ life cycle (breeding, migration, wintering).
Method and Model
Our method uses a repeated cross-validated absolute shrinkage and selection operator approach to identify drivers of recruitment. We model effects of climate change on those drivers to predict whooping crane population growth given alternative scenarios of climate change and solar activity. Years with fewer sunspots indicated greater recruitment. Increased precipitation during autumn migration signified less recruitment. On the breeding grounds, fewer days below freezing during winter and more precipitation during breeding suggested less recruitment. We predicted whooping crane recruitment and population growth may fall below long-term averages during all solar cycles when atmospheric CO2 concentration increases, as expected, to 500 ppm by 2050. Species recovery during a typical solar cycle with 500 ppm may require eight times longer than conditions without climate change and the chance of population decline increases to 31%.
Future climate change threat
Whooping cranes on nesting grounds at Wood Buffalo National Park. Photo by John D. McKinnon / ©Parks Canada / Wood Buffalo National Park
Although this whooping crane population is growing and may appear secure, long-term threats imposed by climate change and increased solar activity may jeopardize its persistence. Weather on the breeding grounds likely affects recruitment through hydrological processes and predation risk, whereas precipitation during autumn migration may influence juvenile mortality. Mitigating threats or abating climate change should occur within ≈30 years or this wild population of whooping cranes may begin declining.
To read full research article, click here.
 
***** FOTWW’s mission is to help preserve and protect the Aransas/Wood Buffalo
population of wild whooping cranes and their habitat. *****
Friends of the Wild Whoopers is a nonprofit 501(c)3 organization.
friendsofthewildwhoopers.org
 






Help us help the whoopers! Please Donate. 






Follow us on:Subscribe!Never miss a new article. Leave Blank:Do Not Change:Your email: 
We respect your privacy and your email address will not be shared. 
Search



  Recent Posts 

TransCanada biologist disputes claim that Keystone XL pipeline would harm endangered whooping cranes


Prison time for whooping crane shooter after probation violation


Gueydan Man Pleaded Guilty for Illegal Shooting of Whooping Crane


Amazon Prime Day is here!


Berm-focused Platte River Recovery Implementation Program water project to proceed


 Archives Archives

Select Month
 July 2017  (5)
 June 2017  (4)
 May 2017  (1)
 April 2017  (4)
 March 2017  (4)
 February 2017  (2)
 January 2017  (3)
 December 2016  (4)
 November 2016  (3)
 October 2016  (4)
 September 2016  (3)
 August 2016  (4)
 July 2016  (3)
 June 2016  (1)
 May 2016  (2)
 April 2016  (5)
 March 2016  (2)
 January 2016  (3)
 December 2015  (7)
 November 2015  (6)
 October 2015  (4)
 September 2015  (4)
 August 2015  (5)
 July 2015  (6)
 June 2015  (5)
 May 2015  (4)
 April 2015  (12)
 March 2015  (6)
 February 2015  (8)
 January 2015  (5)
 December 2014  (10)
 November 2014  (14)
 October 2014  (8)
 September 2014  (5)
 August 2014  (9)
 July 2014  (11)
 June 2014  (13)
 May 2014  (8)
 April 2014  (16)
 March 2014  (15)
 February 2014  (18)
 January 1970  (1)

Wild Whoopers on Facebook 

Article Categories 
Aransas National Wildlife Refuge (55)

Aransas NWR Updates (60)

Endangered Species (131)

Flock Status (56)

Habitat Threats (66)

Historical (16)

Keystone XL Pipeline (2)

Louisiana Whoopers (3)

Migration (38)

Quivira NWR (3)

Tracking the flock (29)

What is new? (247)

whooping crane nesting area (7)

Wood Buffalo National Park (20)

Wood Buffalo NP Updates (38)



July 2017


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Jun
 
 




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


24252627282930


31
 



















Loyalty is a Two Way Street

























































 

























Toggle SlidingBar Area







FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagramLinkedinEmail 

 












  














Loyalty is a Two Way Street


Home/Communication Powerhouse/Loyalty is a Two Way Street 







Previous Next 

Loyalty is a Two Way Street 
Loyalty and Relationships.  Many people have asked me why is it that 1000 Cranes has been able to continue to grow and thrive for over 10 years?  I always tell them, it’s because we have loyal clients and we are loyal to them.  They call on 1000 Cranes to help them, and they support us continuously when we start innovative new programs.
Potential Conflict.   We also know that if there is another client that may be a potential competitor, we reach out to our current clients first before pursuing any business that could cause conflict.  We show loyalty to our clients just as much as they show loyalty to us.  Having a loyal following and continued business relationship is important for sustaining your business.
11 Year Anniversary.  We are blessed to be celebrating our 11th year soon on September 30th!  Several friends of mine started their consulting practices in 2008 when the recession was officially announced by the government.  Many of them were unable to survive because they had not built those long term relationships.  In those dark years, we had six projects that all dried up because customers needed to tighten their belts and reduce outside funding.  I am very grateful that today, we are still continuing our important work and also venturing into new projects.  No doubt, we would not have survived if it wasn’t for our loyal clients and continued growth.
Appreciation.  Never take customers, customer loyalty or customer relationships for granted.  One thing that is so important in life and especially with clients is to continuously show respect to each other and value your customers.  Take the time to value your client’s patronage and truly work to understand their specific needs.
Communication Powerhouse Tip of the Week:   Loyalty is a Two Way Street.  When you begin negotiations with a client, always remember the fourth principle of the 1000 Cranes Philosophy which is “Success Comes from Collaborative Relationships.”
Collaboration means that there is give and take.   Take the time to understand what the needs are of your clients and how you can best serve them with your skill set.   Make the effort to know what is important to them, and as you start working with them, loyalty is built from that long term collaboration.
What do you think it takes to build a long term collaboration?

What are the risks when you lose loyalty?
What can you do to build loyalty to your business or to yourself?

 
I look forward to hearing your comments!  Feel free to comment below or contact Naomi here.




admin 


			2017-01-17T17:22:26+00:00		
July 16th, 2014|Communication Powerhouse|Comments Off on Loyalty is a Two Way Street 


						Related Posts					













Keeping Accountable to Yourself and Your Business





Keeping Accountable to Yourself and Your Business


June 25th, 2015









Earning Loyalty





Earning Loyalty


June 9th, 2015









Wise Words from Maya Angelou





Wise Words from Maya Angelou


May 21st, 2015









Becoming a Superhero and Rolling with the Punches





Becoming a Superhero and Rolling with the Punches


February 25th, 2015









What is your "Hail Mary" Pass?





What is your "Hail Mary" Pass?


February 9th, 2015













 
 

 
 
 
 













