










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP
                    

•   LA JOLLA, CA
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Frontier Market Select Fund is based out of La Jolla.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-09. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 8



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




frontier market select fund lp


7776 IVANHOE AVENUE

LA JOLLA
CA
                                                        
                                                    92037


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      858-456-1440







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/09/2016
D/A filed on 12/10/2015
D/A filed on 09/26/2014
D/A filed on 09/26/2013
D/A filed on 07/16/2013
D/A filed on 12/07/2012
D/A filed on 12/09/2011
D/A filed on 12/13/2010
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
42,516,907
INDEFINITE


2015-12-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
41,307,907
INDEFINITE


2014-09-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
42,343,861
INDEFINITE


2013-09-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
39,917,760
INDEFINITE


2013-07-16
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
39,917,760
INDEFINITE


2012-12-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
33,551,792
INDEFINITE


2011-12-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
22,809,660
INDEFINITE


2010-12-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
24,763,189
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




LAWRENCE S.  SPEIDELL

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















HedgeZ Fund Profile
































Frontier Market Select Fund
II, L.P.

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        The Frontier Market Select Fund, LP invests in listed equities in frontier stock markets in Africa, Asia,  Eastern Europe and Latin America.  The Fund uses a bottom-up value strategy to identify high quality growth business trading at very attractive valuations. The Fund runs an unleveraged long-only portfolio. We are building a diversified portfolio consisting of a maximum of forty stocks trading in up to twenty countries.
 
                                    

















 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Frontier Market Select Fund LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Frontier Market Select Fund LP  Financing
Frontier Market Select Fund LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  Frontier Market Select Fund LP was able to sell $42,343,861. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 77 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $100,000. The financing document was filed on 2014-09-26. Frontier Market Select Fund LP is based in  7776 IVANHOE AVENUE SUITE 150 LA JOLLA 92037. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  Lawrence Speidell.





SEC FORM D/A


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

  
None

Entity Type


0001377682

Frontier Market Select Fund II LP
Frontier Market Select Fund L P




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Frontier Market Select Fund LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


X
Over Five Years Ago


  
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)



  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Frontier Market Select Fund LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


7776 IVANHOE AVENUE
SUITE 150


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


LA JOLLA
CALIFORNIA
92037
858-456-1440


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Speidell
Lawrence
S.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


7776 Ivanhoe Avenue
Suite 150


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


La Jolla
CALIFORNIA
92037



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Member
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


  
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2006-10-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


X
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$100,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$42,343,861

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
77


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Frontier Market Select Fund LP
s/ Lawrence Speidell
Lawrence Speidell
Managing Member of the General Partner
2014-09-26


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Frontier Market Select Fund LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-09Amended Form DIndefinite$42,516,907Indefinite$100,00014006b 3C 3C.1[view]2015-12-10Amended Form DIndefinite$41,307,907Indefinite$100,00014006b 3C 3C.1[view]2014-09-26Amended Form DIndefinite$42,343,861Indefinite$100,0007706b 3C 3C.1[view]2013-09-26Amended Form DIndefinite$39,917,760Indefinite$100,0008406b 3C 3C.1[view]2013-07-16Amended Form DIndefinite$39,917,760Indefinite$100,0008406 3C 3C.1[view]2012-12-07Amended Form DIndefinite$33,551,792Indefinite$100,00012106 3C 3C.1[view]2011-12-09Amended Form DIndefinite$22,809,660Indefinite$100,0007306 3C 3C.1[view]2010-12-13Amended Form DIndefinite$24,763,189Indefinite$100,0008006[view]
Frontier Market Select Fund LP List of ExecutivesLawrence Speidell, Lawrence Speidell











Last visited: Illumitex, Inc., Illumagear, Inc., ImageTag, Inc., Imanis Life Sciences, LLC, Immedia Semiconductor, Inc.

								© 
							















FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP - LA JOLLA, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LA JOLLA



Grocery Stores



Grocery Stores



                            FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP
                                    



 





















F 


FRONTIER MARKET SELECT FUND LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7716 ROSELAND DR LA JOLLA, CA 92037
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $200,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Grocery Stores
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Explore | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












ABOUT US
 


 
The Road Less Traveled: A Different Way to Invest in Frontier Markets 

The virtuous cycle of development in frontier markets goes from improved productivity to economic growth to a higher standard of living and back to more improving productivity. Investors who provide patient capital to the cycle through disciplined approaches may achieve desirable outcomes in terms of both risk and reward. 



Unconstrained and Disciplined 

Investment opportunity in frontier markets may occur in any of five regions (Africa, Asia, Caribbean/Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East) and in more than 60 different markets. Transaction costs can run high, liquidity conditions can be complex, and business practices are anything but standard. The ratio of participation between local and outside investors varies widely from country to country. As a result, the characteristics of individual markets and stocks are colored by market-specific human behavior and trading nuances. 

We add value through country analysis, security analysis and portfolio construction. We focus on businesses that are integrated to the development of frontier market consumers.  Investment candidates must offer quality products and service and also have good growth prospects, solid management, and transparent accounting practices. 

In this pursuit, there is no substitute for direct contact with company managements, field research, and hands-on confirmation. There is no standard form of analysis. Sometimes the greatest opportunities lie in places that are far from comfort, but have the potential for sweeping change. Our passports bear stamps documenting frequent travel to some of the world's least developed but most interesting locations. Likewise, our research dossiers bulge with customized financial analyses, interview notes, and qualitative reporting source material. 

All of this is essential to an investment strategy that seeks the best opportunities not the emulation of a benchmark. Our strictly opportunistic style means we won't drift into emerging or developed market stocks when more challenging conditions arise. 

With more than 40 years of experience in researching and analyzing the global marketplace and identifying growth trends and market opportunities, as well as more than a decade of exclusive frontier markets focus, we believe our philosophy and process will continue to deliver unique, investable insights and compelling outcomes from the frontier.







CONTACT FORM




















Core Beliefs  

At Frontier Market Asset Management we dutifully follow core tenets and apply rigorous disciplines.

We believe value provides protection and profit in frontier stock markets.
	Value must be complemented by sound businesses - we look for quality companies at reasonable prices (“QUARP”).

	Quality is defined by good growth prospects, competitive products and services, solid management, and transparent accounting practices. 

	We look for companies that Graham and Dodd would like for their value and Warren Buffett would like for their growth.


In following these disciplines we find that we are often co-owners of companies along with managements and long-term, local investors. We find ourselves less often in the company of larger, high-turnover funds.  



 

REACH US   +1 858 456 1440































Contact 2 | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












CONTACT
 


 






 

CONTACT US
Frontier Market Asset Management provides investment services to institutions, individuals and pooled investment funds. For additional information, please call or send us a note.



 




CONTACT INFORMATION
 Telephone : +1 858 456 1440
 Fax : +1 858 456 2040
 E-Mail: info@frontiermkt.com

 Address  : 7776 Ivanhoe Avenue Suite 150 La Jolla, CA 92037
						



STAY IN TOUCH

















CONTACT FORM
















































disclosure | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












FULL DISCLOSURE
 


 

Frontier	 Market	 Asset	 Management,	 LLC	 (the	 “Firm”	 or	 “we”)	 is	 registered	 as	 an	 investment	
adviser	with	the	SEC.	Information	contained	herein	is	based	on	data	obtained	from	recognized	
statistical	services,	issuer	reports	or	communications,	or	other	sources	believed	to	be	reliable.	
However,	we	have	not	verified	such	information	and	we	do	not	make	any	representations	as	to	
its	accuracy	or	completeness.	Non-factual	statements	constitute	only	current	opinions,	which	are	
subject	to	change.
This	 website	 is	 not	 intended	 as	 and	 does	 not	 constitute	 an	 offer	 to	 sell	 any	 securities	 to	 any	
person	or	a	solicitation	of	any	person	of	any	offer	to	purchase	any	securities.	Such	an	offer	or	
solicitation	can	only	be	made	through	the	confidential	offering	memorandum.	Information	on	
this	website	omits	most	of	the	information	material	to	a	decision	whether	to	invest	with	the	Firm.	
No	 person	 should	 rely	 on	 any	 information	 in	 this	 website,	 but	 should	 rely	 exclusively	 on	 the	
confidential	offering	memorandum	in	considering	whether	to	invest	with	the	Firm.	An	offering	
will	be	made	only	by	means	of	the	confidential	offering	memorandum,	only	in	those	jurisdictions	
where	permitted	by	law,	and	only	to	persons	eligible	to	make	an	investment.
No	documents,	methodologies,	charts,	graphs	or	information	contained	in	this	website	should	
be	construed	as	a	device	whose	purpose	is	to	determine	which	securities	to	buy	or	sell,	or	when	
to	buy	or	sell	them.	Investing	in	the	stock	markets	involves	the	risk	of	loss,	including	the	loss	of	
the	 entire	 investment,	 and	 any	 information	 provided	 within	 this	 website	 acknowledges	 the	
limitations	 and	 difficulties	 of	 stock	 market	 investments.	 Past	 performance	 is	 not	 indicative	 of	
future	returns.
Except	as	otherwise	permitted	by	Frontier	Market	Asset	Management,	LLC,	no	materials	from	
www.frontiermkt.com	may	be	copied,	reproduced,	republished,	uploaded,	posted,	transmitted	
or	 distributed	 in	 any	 way.	 You	 may	 not	 distribute,	 modify,	 transmit,	 reuse,	 report	 or	 use	 the	
content	of	this	web	site	for	public	or	commercial	purposes	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	
Frontier	Market	Asset	Management,	LLC.































Frontier Market Asset Management























































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 








 







The Frontier: A World of Growth and Optimism Often the most interesting investments are unconventional.   Nowhere is this more evident than in the world's distant corners of the world. These outlying countries provide us with both a singular investment focus and a name. We are Frontier Market Asset Management, a team of investors who have pioneered investing in equity markets that were clearly not within the sights of the investment establishment. Over the course of a decade, we have shown that frontier markets can be the source of impressive returns, effective diversification, and irrepressible optimism. Consider investing with us in the people, companies, and countries where positive change is most forceful and profound.
Reach Us: +1 858 456 1440 






The Frontier: A World of Growth and Optimism Often the most interesting investments are unconventional.   Nowhere is this more evident than in the world's distant corners of the world. These outlying countries provide us with both a singular investment focus and a name. We are Frontier Market Asset Management, a team of investors who have pioneered investing in equity markets that were clearly not within the sights of the investment establishment. Over the course of a decade, we have shown that frontier markets can be the source of impressive returns, effective diversification, and irrepressible optimism. Consider investing with us in the people, companies, and countries where positive change is most forceful and profound.
Reach Us: +1 858 456 1440 






The Frontier: A World of Growth and Optimism Often the most interesting investments are unconventional.   Nowhere is this more evident than in the world's distant corners of the world. These outlying countries provide us with both a singular investment focus and a name. We are Frontier Market Asset Management, a team of investors who have pioneered investing in equity markets that were clearly not within the sights of the investment establishment. Over the course of a decade, we have shown that frontier markets can be the source of impressive returns, effective diversification, and irrepressible optimism. Consider investing with us in the people, companies, and countries where positive change is most forceful and profound.
Reach Us: +1 858 456 1440 








 
 

Journey of Lifetimes


 

Rough travel? Language barriers? Unfamiliar practices and customs? The Frontier Market Asset management team lives to experience these. Our professionals hail from diverse backgrounds that deliver complementary perspectives to match team members' patience, discipline, and indomitable spirit for discovery. They thrive on a collaborative approach to investing and a collective embrace of countries and enterprises poised for growth and the development of the middle income consumer class.
Read more


 
 

Quality Companies at Reasonable Prices


 

Frontier markets present unique challenges and rewards. They are inherently and attractively inefficient, brimming with opportunities for discerning investors to own stakes in high quality companies at relatively low share prices. They are also rife with potential pitfalls for less discriminating and passive investors. In frontier markets there is no substitute for proprietary research, analysis, and on-site exposure to the intricacies of the enterprises, their markets, and the social, financial, regulatory and government structures in which they operate.
Read more


 

Frontier Markets: Where Opportunity and Optimism Reign
The world’s frontier markets are often home to a dynamic private sector. They stand to deliver considerable economic growth and a marked improvement in living standards, which should create compelling equity investing opportunities for disciplined, patient investors.


 





























Team | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












TEAM
 


 

Our Team: Diverse Perspectives, Singular Focus
Rough travel? Language barriers? Unfamiliar practices and customs? The Frontier Market Asset management team lives to explore the unknown. Our professionals hail from diverse backgrounds that deliver complementary perspectives to match team members' patience, discipline, and indomitable spirit for discovery. They thrive on a collaborative approach to investing and a collective embrace of countries and enterprises poised for growth and the development of middle class consumer classes.


 










 
Andrea M. Clark
CFA, Partner, Portfolio Manager

 





 










 
Christopher Herrera
Partner, Portfolio Manager


chris@frontiermkt.com

 





 










 
Ning Ma
Partner, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research


ning@frontiermkt.com

 





 










 
Andres Martinez
Research Analyst

 





 










 
Lawrence S. Speidell
CFA, Founding Partner, Chief Investment Officer


larry@frontiermkt.com

 





 










 
Sunshine Alexis Stein
Partner, Chief Operating Officer


sunshine@frontiermkt.com

 





 










 
Horacio Valeiras
CFA, Partner, Director

 





 










 
Libby
Head of Security and Snuggles

 

































Markets | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












MARKETS
 


 

Why Invest in Frontier Markets?
The case for equity investing in frontier markets draws from multiple factors: strong historical precedent, the power of economic globalization, the compelling diversification benefits demonstrated by frontier investments, and the unbridled optimism and entrepreneurial spirit of the people who live and work in these countries. 
Why invest in frontier markets? Here are just a few reasons:



Frontier Markets are Young 

The demographics of frontier market populations are tilted more toward the workforce than the retirement home, as seen  in developed and emerging markets. These characteristics point to potential for productivity growth and expanding consumer classes -- the stuff investment returns are made of.    




Frontier Markets Act Differently 

Stock market return patterns in frontier markets don't parallel those of the rest of the world. In fact, return patterns from country to country on the frontier show low correlation to each other, providing investors excellent potential to diversify any portfolio.



 Economic Development has Proven a Powerful Return Engine 

The ability of economic development to generate investment return has proven efficacious in the world's emerging markets, from the rapid growth of the Asian Tiger economies of the 1980s to the advances in Chile, Israel, and Brazil in the 1990s to the ascent of China and India in more recent years. Frontier markets tread this same path to development.



 Life is Getting Better Faster for People in Frontier Markets and this Positive Change is Fueling Optimism 

 People in developed markets do not necessarily believe life will be better for themselves and their children in the future. People in frontier markets have little doubt that their quality of life will improve and they are motivated to work hard to augment the change.   



 A Flatter, Shrinking World is Rapidly Delivering Benefits and Opportunities to Frontier Markets 

 Many business owners, workers, and consumers in frontier markets will never know a landline phone or fax machine. Leapfrogging technology is bringing incredible depth of information and power to the shirt pockets and fingertips of emerging entrepreneurs on the frontier.       



 Frontier Markets are Inefficient 

 For all of the modernity arriving on the frontier, investment information on the perimeter still needs to be retrieved through human sources, site visits, and traditional analysis. This means greater potential for investors who are able to enlist the resources of a focused and experienced professional team.


 
 
 




























Research | Frontier Market Asset Managemet






















































MENU

EXPLORETEAMMARKETSRESEARCHCONTACTNEWS 












RESEARCH
 


 
 

Insight and Ideas
We are an organization dedicated to research, analysis and ideas. Thank you for reviewing this sampling of our publications library. 


Research Trip Reports  

We travel extensively, seeking out opportunities in countries where few foreign investors participate, where information is scarce and the markets are inefficient. Here are our recent research trip reports:
Water is Wide - Wading around Eygpt and Romania

 March 2017

European Frontier Revisited Balkans

October 2016


Back to the Future in Argentina

August 2016


Draining the Swamp - Zimbabwe, Zambia and Keyna

May 2016


Why Not Bangladesh and Vietnam

January 2016


From Almaty to Cairo

October 2015


Rough Seas in the Gulf of Guinea - West Africa

June, 2015


Trip to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka

February, 2015


Dawn in Karachi?

March, 2015


Kenya Sits in the Heart of East Africa

March, 2015


Trip Georgia, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine

August, 2014


Trip Jordan, Dubai, Sri Lanka, Vietnam

August, 2014


Trip Ghana, Cote Similaries and Differences

March, 2014


Trip Argentina Counting to 2016

December, 2014



Learning Lessons… in Bangladesh, Laos & Vietnam
December 2013. “The best way to predict the future is to invent it.”


In Search of the Good: Kenya, Serbia, Romania & Ukraine
September 2013. The perfect is the enemy of the good - Voltaire, La Bégueule.


Eight Days of Southern Summer: Kenya, Mauritius & South Africa
June 2013. If you stay at the venerable Stanley, you would sleep where Teddy Roosevelt and Ernest Hemingway did when they came to shoot nearby lions.


Springtime in Africa: Mozambique and Zimbabwe
March 2013. These days, in urban Africa, money is often accepted by the bride’s family in lieu of cows.


Kazakhstan - Twenty Years Young
December 2012. The demographic changes and an increased disposable income lay the foundation for more business opportunities.


Frontier in the Southern Cone
October 2012. Frontier in the Southern Cone - Uruguay, Paraguay, Argentina.


Eastern Europe
July 2012. Strength is in Unity - Georgia, Ukrraine, Romania, Bulgaria.



The old order changeth, Tunisia
May 2012. The Jasmine Revolution. A Tunisian graduate's story resonated through the region.


Mount Kenya and the Land of a Thousand Hills
February 2012. Much has changed in the world since our last visit.



Between the Seas – Jamaica, Panama, Costa Rica, and Papua New Guinea
December 2011. “Faithful to my past, when they try to stop me, I go on.”



Daughters of Time - Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Croatia
June 2011. The history of the Balkans is written in blood.


Asian Travels - Vietnam, Bangladesh, UAE, and Sri Lanka
April 2011. The choice of countries seemed timely.


Late at the Gate - Romania shuffling toward a new dawn
January 2011. Struggling to shake off the old ways of Communist rule.


Please, Please, Me - Bangladesh and Vietnam
September 2010. It is a world of poor, but proud people.


Rich World - Poor World - London, Abidjan, Accra, Nairobi & Doha
July 2010. A study of contrasts and whether those dimensions relate to investment opportunity.

Beyond the Great Wall – Mongolia the Saudi Arabia of Asia
April 2010. With both opportunities and problems, patience will be key in resource rich Mongolia.

Tale of Three Cities – Big Bad Lagos, Upscale Amman and a Better Beirut
November 2009. A worthwhile visit to the up and coming markets of Nigeria, Jordan, and Lebanon.

Return to Eastern Europe – The Lone Travelers
October 2009. Following the boom in the ex-communist world of Croatia, Bosnia, and Serbia.

Lions in Winter
April 2009. Kenya, Tanzania and an optimistic view of their challenges.

Sur le Chemin de la Pax (On the Path to Peace)
March 2008. Optimists on Africa, we find value looking at troubled spots and witnessing progress.

On the Silk Road: Kazakhstan & Uzbekistan
January 2008. Exploring the Central Asian markets of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.


Under the Southern Cross – Barely: Kenya, Uganda & Zambia
November 2007. Observing the great dispersion of values in the markets of Kenya, Uganda, and Zambia.


The Rich Frontier: UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait, & Ukraine
June 2007. An exciting trip to frontier countries with bright futures.


Published Research 


“The Journal of Investing”
Spring, 2017. Looking Both Ways


“The Journal of Investing”
Winter, 2016. Active Versus Passive

“Frontier Market Equity Investing: Finding the Winners of the Future”
May 2011, Research Foundation of the CFA Institute
“Emerging Markets For Dummies”
January, 2011. Lawrence S. Speidell, CFA, and CIO of Frontier Market Asset Management, Technical Editor

“The Gloom, Boom, & Doom Report”
June, 2010. The Final Frontier – Orphan Markets

“The Journal of Behavior Finance”
May, 2009. Investing in the Unknown and the Unknowable

“The Journal of Investing”
Winter, 2008. Diversification Snapshot


“The Journal of Investing”
Fall, 2007. The case for Frontier Markets


White Papers  


The Winter of Trade Discontent

March 2017


Active Versus Passive

July 2016


Frontier Misunderstanding

June, 2014

 Frontier Markets – Worth the Risk?
December 2009. Radical restructuring of economies and macro fundamentals are often sound and encouraging.

Frontier Market Indexes
December 2009. A look at the frontier market position.

Case for Frontier Markets Revisited
June 2009. Presenting the case for frontier market investing.

Frontier Market Liquidity – A Rising Tide
June 2009. Liquidity has made a huge recovery as seen in the relatively good performance during these crisis times. We believe more investor interest is headed this way.


Frontier Markets and Commodities – Not much Linkage
June 2009. Frontier markets tend to be driven more by local factors than by the influence of the S&P or commodities such as oil, gold, and copper.


Frontier Market Liquidity in a Dry Season
March 2009. We believe that frontier markets remain an attractive opportunity, specifically on the consumer sector with the prospect of rising discretionary income.


Investing in the Unknown & the Unknowable-Behavioral Finance in Frontier Markets
November 2008. Frontier markets are prone to behavioral biases but the road less traveled may lead to gold.


Diversification Snapshot: Frontier Markets in a Troubled World
November 2008. Frontier markets have held up better than the rest since 2007.


Frontier Markets: Asset Class or Curiosity
July 2008. With further progress, it will not be possible to ignore frontier markets.


Diversification Snapshot: Frontier Markets in a Troubled World
July 2008. The following results offer evidence that frontier markets continue to provide useful diversification benefits.


Where are the Optimists
April 2008. We find optimistic people in the poorest of countries.


Frontier Markets & the Global Credit Crisis
February 2008. Frontier market’s independence from the credit crisis is a result of dominance by local investors who are more concerned with local economics and politics than with sub-prime loan problems.


Frontier Benchmarking – Too much of a Good Thing…or Not Enough
January 2008. Why indexes should not be interpreted as defining frontier markets in the same sense as the developed and emerging markets are.


Thoughts on Frontier Markets
2007. Discussing the reasons for forming a frontier market investment vehicle.


























