










 



  TUNDFRF Quote - Tundra Frontier Opportunities Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Tundra Frontier Opportunities Fund   TUNDFRF:SS          17.86EUR   0.02   0.11%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/28/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   15.55 - 18.96    1 Yr Return   13.69%    YTD Return   3.00%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   17.84    52Wk Range   15.55 - 18.96    1 Yr Return   12.77%    YTD Return   3.00%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Market Stock    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/28/2017)   17.86    Total Assets (m SEK) (on 05/31/2017)   566.191    Inception Date   10/16/2015    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   MATTIAS MARTINSSON    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   2.50%    Expense Ratio   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BRAC:BD   BRAC Bank Ltd    3.36 m 27.01 m 5.32      ACTVC:BD   Active Fine Chemicals Ltd    4.42 m 23.82 m 4.69      FEROZ:PA   Ferozsons Laboratories Ltd    472.80 k 22.73 m 4.48      FPT:VN   FPT Corp    1.28 m 21.94 m 4.32      MEBL:PA   Meezan Bank Ltd    3.63 m 21.93 m 4.32      SQUARE:BD   Square Pharmaceuticals Ltd    640.00 k 19.75 m 3.89      INBR:US   International Brands Inc    3.39 m 19.26 m 3.79      AUTO:EY   Ghabbour Auto    15.00 m 19.22 m 3.78      VNM:VN   Vietnam Dairy Products JSC    302.80 k 17.03 m 3.35      MSN:VN   Masan Group Corp    873.20 k 16.12 m 3.17           Profile   Tundra Frontier Opportunities Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in Sweden. The Fund's objective is to provide the Unit Holders with a maximum long-term return on their invested capital by generating financial exposure to economic development in emerging markets and frontier markets.    Address  Tundra Fonder ABEriksbergsgatan 10StockholmSweden   Phone  -   Website   www.tundrafonder.se              


FRONTIER MARKET OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FRONTIER MARKET OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LTD.
                    

•   LA JOLLA, CA
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Frontier Market Opportunities Fund, Ltd. is based out of La Jolla.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-09. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 7



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FRONTIER MARKET OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




frontier market opportunities fund, ltd.


7776 IVANHOE AVENUE

LA JOLLA
CA
                                                        
                                                    92037


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      858-456-1440







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/09/2016
D/A filed on 12/10/2015
D/A filed on 09/26/2014
D/A filed on 09/26/2013
D/A filed on 07/03/2013
D/A filed on 06/27/2012
D filed on 06/27/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2015-12-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2014-09-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2013-09-26
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2013-07-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2012-06-27
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE


2011-06-27
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




FRONTIER MARKET   ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



LAWRENCE S.  SPEIDELL

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Templeton Frontier Markets Fund - TFMAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Frontier Markets Fund - TFMAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email




















                    [alert-heading]
                






May 31 2017
Templeton Frontier Markets Fund Re-opened to New Investors
                            - 
            Read More
        

Effective May 31, 2017, Templeton Frontier Markets Fund re-opened to new investors. If you have further questions regarding this change, please contact your financial advisor or call Franklin Templeton Investor Services at (800) 632-2301.














TFMAX





Templeton Frontier Markets Fund





            Share Class
         A 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/27/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.00


$12.88




            POP


$13.67




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

18.38%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

15.49%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

0.93%





            Since inception
        

            Inception:
        10/14/2008

5.04%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   19R   674




            Fund Number
        

096




            Inception Date
        


Oct 14, 2008




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$127.0  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 08/01/2016 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        


2.15%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

2.05%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

5.75%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.25%














            Fund Description
        




Templeton Frontier Markets Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by normally investing at least 80% of its net assets in securities of companies located in "frontier market countries"—which, in general, are a sub-set of those currently considered to be developing by the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, the United Nations, or the countries' authorities, or countries with a stock market capitalization of less than 3% of the MSCI World Index.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Frontier markets have gained recent attention due to notable growth rates and low correlation to developed markets. They may be an option for long-term investors with above-average risk tolerance."                                            
                                            












Management







Mark Mobius, Ph.D

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1987
Managed Fund Since 2008










Tom Wu, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1987
Managed Fund Since 2011











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017






            Rating Category:
         Diversified Emerging Mkts




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



1 
            Stars
        



634


5



2 
            Stars
        




436


10



 
            Stars
        
            —
        

—







            Morningstar Style Box
        

            We do not publish a style box for this fund.
        





            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for over half a century.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Frontier Markets Exposure. The fund's investment mix is designed to take advantage of dynamic emerging market growth opportunities as they arise across the globe.
Unsurpassed Global Resources. Our global reach includes offices in Hong Kong, Buenos Aires, Bucharest and Ho Chi Minh City, as well as Singapore, Mumbai, Cape Town and Dubai.
Low Correlation. Stock markets in frontier market countries are uniquely positioned in terms of industry strengths and economic drivers, which has contributed to a record of low correlation among these countries.
Unparalleled Emerging Markets Experience. Investors can benefit from lead manager Dr. Mobius, a trailblazer in emerging markets investing with over 30 years of investing experience.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments.
Investments in emerging markets, of which frontier markets are a subset, involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets.
Because these frameworks are typically even less developed in frontier markets, as well as various factors including the increased potential for extreme price volatility, illiquidity, trade barriers and exchange controls, the risks associated with emerging markets are magnified in frontier markets.
To the extent the fund focuses on particular countries, regions, industries, sectors or types of investment from time to time, it may be subject to greater risks of adverse developments in such areas of focus than a fund that invests in a wider variety of countries, regions, industries, sectors or investments.
The fund’s ability to invest in smaller company securities that may have limited liquidity involves additional risks, such as relatively small revenues, limited product lines and small market share.
The fund is designed for the aggressive portion of a well-diversified portfolio.
These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund’s prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        
$1,000.00



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging markets, of which frontier markets are a subset, involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Because these frameworks are typically even less developed in frontier markets, as well as various factors including the increased potential for extreme price volatility, illiquidity, trade barriers and exchange controls, the risks associated with emerging markets are magnified in frontier markets. To the extent the fund focuses on particular countries, regions, industries, sectors or types of investment from time to time, it may be subject to greater risks of adverse developments in such areas of focus than a fund that invests in a wider variety of countries, regions, industries, sectors or investments. The fund's ability to invest in smaller company securities that may have limited liquidity involves additional risks, such as relatively small revenues, limited product lines and small market share. The fund is designed  for the aggressive portion of a well-diversified portfolio. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI Frontier Markets Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI Frontier Markets Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include an expense reduction contractually guaranteed through 7/31/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 







Frontier Markets: An opportunity for growth and diversification






















Skip to Main Content



CLOSE
Welcome to the Financial Advisors Site.
Looking for more information?
Visit our other sites: 





Institutional Investor / Consultant







Individual Investors





 TIAA

Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change

Financial Advisors Home 




Institutional Investors Home






Other TIAA Sites 



Individual Clients
TIAA Direct® Bank
Trust Company
Women's Community
Retirement Community
Starting Your Financial Life
Plan Sponsors
Plan Sponsors
Consultants
Financial Professionals
Plan Consultants
Financial Advisors
3rd Party Administrators
Planned Giving and Endowments
Other
TIAA.ORG
TIAA Institute






Contact Us
LOG IN


Search






  
  
  

Open or Close Mobile Navigation




Log In

							Log Out








{ page:{ pageinstanceID: "PROD:Asset Management", pageInfo: { pageName: "Commentary & Perspectives:Investment Perspectives:Frontier Markets: An opportunity for growth and diversification", pageURL: window.location.href, channel: "Asset Management", siteSubSection: "Insights", breadCrumbs: "", language: "en-US" }, category: {}, attributes: { feedback: "true", amcontent: "AssetManagement", amctype: "" } }, event:[] }Frontier Markets: An opportunity for growth and diversificationAnupam Damani, Portfolio Manager, TIAA Emerging Markets Debt Fund; and Alexander Muromcew, Portfolio Manager, TIAA Emerging Markets Equity Fund 
ShareEmailPrint

Click here for a downloadable version (PDF)Ten years ago, frontier markets were largely unexplored and mostly unavailable to investors. Political instability, very high inflation, lack of infrastructure and limited access made investing in these areas too risky for most. Few of their major corporations had shares traded on a public exchange, and those that did were often off-limits to foreigners. The sovereign bond issues in existence were illiquid, difficult to value, and denominated in volatile local currencies.Over the past five years, however, investor interest in frontier markets—such as Paraguay, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Kenya, Nigeria and Vietnam—has been growing amid low interest rates in the developed world, slowing growth across many emerging markets, combined with better political stability in frontier countries and improving economic stewardship in frontier markets. With Brazil, Russia, India and China (the BRIC countries) and other traditional EM countries, such as South Africa, Turkey, Mexico and Indonesia dominating most emerging market portfolios, investing in higher yielding and less correlated frontier markets offers a compelling way to improve a portfolio’s diversification, while also providing another potential source of attractive risk-adjusted returns.Article Highlights Investors have shown an increased interest in frontier-market stocks and bonds, which have shown compelling yield, return, and diversification benefits in recent years.Higher growth, improved policy making, and better political stability have been driving attractive returns in these markets.Underpinning the economic activity in frontier markets are positive demographics, increasing urbanization, hard and soft commodities, technological development, and an effort to bridge the large infrastructure deficit.While frontier markets have much in common, there are also significant differences when it comes to their political and policy environments, natural resource base, economic structures and cycles.Frontier markets can be an added source of return and diversification for an Emerging Markets portfolio when combined with rigorous analysis, careful security selection, and appropriate sizing, however, risks must be carefully weighed, because these markets can be volatile and illiquid at times. 

Growing interest in frontier-market stocks and bondsFrontier markets are a relatively new and small corner of the financial universe. Definitions of “frontier market” vary, but generally these markets are characterized as smaller and less mature than emerging markets, yet still accessible to foreign investment. On the equity side, MSCI, an index provider, currently classifies 24 nations as frontier markets, and its MSCI Frontier Markets Index includes 127 constituents with a total market capitalization of $92.8 billion. U.S. mutual fund and ETF investors have invested about $4.4 billion in frontier-market equities since 2010; that is a small number for the industry, but considering the first retail funds in the space launched about a decade ago, this growth has attracted attention. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index, by comparison, includes 833 constituents and has a market capitalization of $4 trillion. U.S. retail fund investors have put about $72.7 billion to work in these markets since 2010.1Fixed-income investors are also finding more opportunities in frontier markets.  According to Thomson Reuters data, in 2014 frontier markets issued $19.7 billion in hard-currency debt (local bonds issued in dollars, euro, or yen)—an almost 50% rise from 2013 and nearly three times the 2012 level. This represents nearly one-fifth of the more than $100 billion in hard-currency bonds issued by emerging markets overall. Many frontier-market debt issues were heavily oversubscribed; when the Ivory Coast sold $750 million in 10-year notes yielding 5.623% in July 2014, investors placed orders worth $5 billion. Ethiopia’s sale of $1 billion 10-year notes yielding 6.63% in December 2014 drew bids worth $2.6 billion.Improving macroeconomic policy managementInvestors have been warming up to frontier markets for many reasons, including improved macroeconomic policy management and coordination between fiscal and monetary authorities. Additionally, in order to issue debt in US dollar markets, most of these governments have to bear the constant scrutiny of ratings agencies and investors which helped to improve transparency and increase data reporting frequency. Many frontier markets countries have also undergone positive structural reforms including reforming the power sector, which has been a key drag on both economic activity and cost of doing business. Others have reduced fuel subsidies, which have historically siphoned critical budget resources away from other needs. Most frontier economies have also improved their governance and ease of doing business with only a handful stalling or reversing recently. This helps frontier markets attract not only portfolio investments in the form of equities and bonds, but also long-term foreign direct investments and multilateral/bilateral loans that are crucial for growth.Increasing political stabilityIt is not only economic improvement, but politically—as well, there is increased stability overall. Military in most frontier countries is now behind barracks and democracy, even if less robust than other developed countries, is increasingly the norm.  A recent example is the Presidential election in Nigeria, which was remarkable given that a sitting incumbent lost—setting the stage for the first peaceful transfer of power from the ruling party PDP that had led since the country ended military rule in 1999.Attractive returns and favorable equity correlations, though risks remainRecently, the economic buoyancy of frontier markets has translated into compelling returns for equity and bond investors (see Exhibits 1 and 2). The MSCI Frontier Markets IMI posted a 6.42% gain in 2014, compared with a 1.72% decline for the MSCI Emerging Markets IMI. Meanwhile, frontier-market bonds, as represented by J.P. Morgan’s Next Generation Markets Index (NEXGEM), which has now 32 frontier countries, returned 10.5%, outperforming the 5.5% return for the more followed J.P. Morgan EMBI Global Diversified benchmark index (where NEXGEM countries now represent close to 12% of the index for emerging-market bonds.Exhibit 1Frontier Market equity correlations versus developed markets have been lower than Emerging Markets versus developed markets in all time periods, making a good case to add securities from this asset class. Correlations for Frontier Markets versus U.S., Europe and Emerging Markets have been declining notably over the past three years, suggesting greater divergence of returns from the other markets and thus increased diversification potential (see Exhibit 2).Exhibit 2Risks also need to be understoodWhile frontier markets have performed well in recent years, investors should understand the myriad risks involved, which are often amplified compared to other markets. Terrorist attacks, military coups, currency volatility and developing regulatory infrastructure are just some of the risks that investors face.Frontier market securities also may become highly illiquid during periods of volatility, making it difficult for investors to sell when needed. This was evident during the 2008 financial crisis; frontier-market equities experienced a lower “bottom” (-66%) than the U.S., Europe and emerging markets (see exhibit 3).Exhibit 3Young, expanding populations create growthWhile sometimes volatile with a high degree of risk, there are many positive trends taking shape in frontier markets, including population growth, demographics, and improving economic vibrancy and stability in many countries.By comparison, some BRIC countries have seen a downshift in growth. For example, while the International Monetary Fund (IMF) expects Brazil’s gross domestic product (GDP) to grow by a mere 1.4% in 2015, neighboring Peru is expected to see 5.1% growth. Russia, hurt by the drop in the price of oil and international sanctions due to its involvement in Ukraine, may just escape recession in 2015 with 0.5% growth. Meanwhile, a former Soviet Republic, Uzbekistan, is predicted to grow 6.5%.Underpinning the economic activity in frontier markets are young, growing populations entering their peak working years, and an urban migration that has historically presaged improved standards of living, greater consumption, and economic growth. Of the 24 countries that MSCI classifies as frontier markets, seven placed in the top 50 countries for population growth, according to 2013 World Bank statistics. In contrast, just one of the 23 nations the MSCI classifies as emerging markets—Qatar—makes the top 50 list.Not surprisingly, these growing countries have a large percentage of young people. In Nigeria, 44% of the population was 14 years old or younger as of 2013, while in Pakistan and Jordan 34% fell into that age bracket, according to World Bank data. That compares with 13% for Germany and Japan, 18% for the United Kingdom, and 20% for the United States.Exhibit 4Economically, some key risks are also receding in frontier markets. Better economic management and coordination with monetary policymakers have brought inflation down in many countries. Costa Rica, Ecuador, and Kazakhstan had double-digit inflation rates as recently as 2000, but those rates are all now 6% or lower. In Sri Lanka, the economy is benefiting from a “peace dividend” after a 25-year civil war ended in 2009. Since that time, the country’s local stock market has grown five-fold in capitalization, from $3.7 billion before the war ended to $24 billion.Diversity along the frontierAlthough frontier markets have some common traits, there are significant differences in their individual political and economic systems, access to natural resources, and progress on infrastructure development. For these reasons, returns from one frontier market don’t usually track returns from others; economic trends influencing Sri Lanka, for example, tend to be quite different than those affecting the Ivory Coast or Paraguay.For example, Nigeria and Kenya are both African nations that have suffered terrorist attacks in recent years. However, their differences are much more significant than their similarities. Nigeria has a population of almost 200 million, compared with fewer than 45 million people in Kenya, and the Nigerian economy is almost 10 times the size of Kenya’s. About half of Nigeria’s population lives in urban areas, while less than one-quarter do so in Kenya. GDP per capita is much higher in Nigeria than in Kenya.  Nigeria is a large oil producer and exporter, while Kenya’s economy is more diversified, focused on domestic manufacturing and tourism and to a lesser extent on agriculture/soft commodities. As a result, Nigeria’s oil revenues make up a hefty 75 percent of the total, making it vulnerable to a fall in prices.  In the case of Kenya, on the other hand,  domestically generated revenues through income and VAT taxes are what constitute the bulk of the revenues (around 80 percent), making it a far more resilient economy.These and other differences among frontier markets, even those in relatively close proximity, call for a highly selective approach. For instance, many but not all frontier markets are large exporters of natural resources such as oil. Nigeria, Angola, Kuwait and Kazakhstan are major oil exporters, while Pakistan, Kenya, Jordan and Jamaica are energy importers. From an investment perspective, it generally makes sense to invest in oil-exporting nations when oil prices are strong or rising, and in oil importers when oil prices are weak or falling.The Frontier futureWe consider frontier markets a deepening and extension of emerging markets. An investment strategy that incorporates frontier markets, using rigorous, bottom-up fundamental analysis and paying careful attention to the countries’ political stability and policy frameworks, has the potential to add risk-adjusted returns and diversification to a portfolio.  Although future performance can never be guaranteed, frontier markets, if added selectively, can add value to a portfolio through diversification and exposure to stronger growth potential and higher yield.To learn more about how frontier markets can help diversify an emerging-market stock or bond strategy, talk to your TIAA-CREF advisor, contact your TIAA-CREF representative, call 888-842-5433, and press 2, or visit the Financial Advisor website.
1 Morningstar data, open-end mutual funds and exchange-traded fund flows are estimated, period covers January 1, 2010-April 30, 2015.For institutional investor use only. Not for use with or distribution to the public.TIAA-CREF Asset Management provides investment advice and portfolio management services to the TIAA-CREF group of companies through the following entities: Teachers Advisors, Inc., TIAA-CREF Investment Management, LLC, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association® (TIAA®). Teachers Advisors, Inc. is a registered investment advisor and wholly owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association (TIAA). Past performance is no guarantee of future results.It is not possible to invest in an index. Performance for indices does not reflect investment fees or transaction costs.Foreign stock market returns are stated in U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise.Please note that equity and fixed income investing involve risk.Diversification is a technique to help reduce risk. There is no guarantee that diversification will protect against a loss.Funds that invest in foreign securities are subject to special risks, including currency fluctuation and political and economic instability.
 


 1 Morningstar data, open-end mutual funds and exchange-traded fund flows are estimated, period covers January 1, 2010-April 30, 2015.For institutional investor use only. Not for use with or distribution to the public.TIAA-CREF Asset Management provides investment advice and portfolio management services to the TIAA-CREF group of companies through the following entities: Teachers Advisors, Inc., TIAA-CREF Investment Management, LLC, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association® (TIAA®). Teachers Advisors, Inc. is a registered investment advisor and wholly owned subsidiary of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association (TIAA). Past performance is no guarantee of future results.It is not possible to invest in an index. Performance for indices does not reflect investment fees or transaction costs.Foreign stock market returns are stated in U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise.Please note that equity and fixed income investing involve risk.Diversification is a technique to help reduce risk. There is no guarantee that diversification will protect against a loss.Funds that invest in foreign securities are subject to special risks, including currency fluctuation and political and economic instability.C25672



