




Frontier Mid Cap Value Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Ballou  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Frontier Mid Cap Value Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Frontier Capital Mgnt. Company, Llc 99 Summer Street 
    Boston, MA, 02110Phone: 617-261-0777 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-21


Amended


$2,634,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-12-23


Amended


$2,634,000


$145,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-12-24


Amended


$2,489,000


$688,500


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-01-16


New


$1,800,500


$1,800,500


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William J. Ballou 
 Executive 


 Richard H. Binder 
 Executive 


 Michael A. Cavarretta 
 Executive 


 Stephen M. Knightly 
 Executive 





















 













 




Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:27 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by Brighthouse Investment Advisers, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Frontier Capital Management Co., LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the growth oriented value stocks of mid-cap companies, within the market capitalization range of the Russell Midcap Growth Index or the S&P MidCap 400 Index. It focuses on factors such as sound business models with strong management teams and secular growth prospects, unrecognized earnings pow...
Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by Brighthouse Investment Advisers, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Frontier Capital Management Co., LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the growth oriented value stocks of mid-cap companies, within the market capitalization range of the Russell Midcap Growth Index or the S&P MidCap 400 Index. It focuses on factors such as sound business models with strong management teams and secular growth prospects, unrecognized earnings power, and attractive valuations to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell Midcap Growth Index. It was formerly known as Metropolitan Series Fund - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio. Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio was formed on April 29, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


20th FloorOne Financial CenterBoston, MA 02116United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 617-578-2410








Key Executives for Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio




Mr. Alan Campbell Leland Jr., CFA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Peter Hanlon Duffy


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Andrew Lawrence Gangolf


      	Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Secretary
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Michael P. Lawlor


      	Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Jeffrey Paul Halperin


      	Senior Vice President
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio Key Developments

Metropolitan Series Fund - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Feb 24, 2017
Dec 20 16
Metropolitan Series Fund - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Feb 24, 2017, at 10:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: The offices of MetLife Advisers, LLC One Financial Center Boston Massachusetts United States Agenda: To approve a new investment advisory agreement between trust and the manager; and to elect trustees of the trust.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Brighthouse Funds Trust II - Frontier Mid Cap Growth Portfolio, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























AMG Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund Class I (MSSCX) Fund Performance and Returns








































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 












AMG Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund Class I
 MSSCX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartFund AnalysisPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementStewardshipPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseFilingsTotal ReturnsInvestor Returns










Collapsed View
Expanded View



Compare







Enter Tickers




Add








Add Benchmark


Morningstar Indices


U.S. Market TR



					Value
				



							U.S. Value TR
						



							Small Value TR
						



							Mid Value TR
						



							Large Value TR
						





					Core
				



							U.S. Core TR
						



							Small Core TR
						



							Mid Core TR
						



							Large Core TR
						





					Growth
				



							U.S. Growth TR
						



							Small Growth TR
						


Mid Growth TR


Large Growth TR





					U.S. Small Cap TR
				



					U.S. Mid Cap TR
				


U.S. Large Cap TR


Dividend Leaders TR


Wide Moat Focus 20 TR



					Information Sup. Sector TR
				


Manufacturing Sup. Sector TR


Service Sup. Sector TR





			US Indices
		



					DJ Industrial Avg. TR
				



					S&P 500 TR
				



					S&P MidCap 400 TR
				



					NASDAQ Composite TR
				



					Russell 2000 TR
				





			Canada
		



					S&P/TSX Composite TR
				



					S&P/TSX 60 PR
				



					S&P/TSX Venture Composite PR
				





			Europe
		


DJ Stoxx 50 TR EUR



					Euronext BEL 20 PR (BEL)
				



					Euronext Paris CAC 40 TR (FRA)
				



					FTSE 100 TR (GBR)
				



					FTSE 250 TR (GBR)
				



					FSE DAX TR (DEU)
				





			Asia
		



					Nikkei 225 PR (JPN)
				



					Shanghai SE Composite PR (CHN)
				



					CSI 300 CNY
				



					Hang Seng HSI PR HKD
				


S&P/ASX 200 TR





			South Africa
		



					FTSE/JSE All Share Capped TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE All Share SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 NR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE All Africa Ex South Africa ZAR



					FTSE/JSE All Share TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE SA Listed Property TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Small Cap TR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE Financials&Indl TR ZAR


FTSE/JSE SA Industrials TR ZAR



					FTSE/JSE SA Resources TR ZAR
				





			Primary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					Russell 2000 Growth TR USD
				





			Secondary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Analyst Assigned Benchmark
		



					Russell 2000 Growth TR USD
				



 

Add Morningstar Category

Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Allocation--85%+ Equity
Bank Loan
Bear Market
China Region
Commodities Agriculture
Commodities Broad Basket
Commodities Energy
Commodities Industrial Metals
Commodities Precious Metals
Communications
Consumer Cyclical
Consumer Defensive
Convertibles
Corporate Bond
Diversified Emerging Mkts
Diversified Pacific/Asia
Emerging Markets Bond
Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond
Energy Limited Partnership
Equity Energy
Equity Precious Metals
Europe Stock
Financial
Foreign Large Blend
Foreign Large Growth
Foreign Large Value
Foreign Small/Mid Blend
Foreign Small/Mid Growth
Foreign Small/Mid Value
Global Real Estate
Health
High Yield Bond
High Yield Muni
India Equity
Industrials
Inflation-Protected Bond
Infrastructure
Intermediate Government
Intermediate-Term Bond
Japan Stock
Large Blend
Large Growth
Large Value
Latin America Stock
Leveraged Net Long
Long Government
Long-Short Credit
Long-Short Equity
Long-Term Bond
Managed Futures
Market Neutral
Mid-Cap Blend
Mid-Cap Growth
Mid-Cap Value
Miscellaneous Region
Miscellaneous Sector
Money Market - Tax-Free
Money Market - Taxable
Multialternative
Multicurrency
Multisector Bond
Muni California Intermediate
Muni California Long
Muni Florida
Muni Massachusetts
Muni Minnesota
Muni National Interm
Muni National Long
Muni National Short
Muni New Jersey
Muni New York Intermediate
Muni New York Long
Muni Ohio
Muni Pennsylvania
Muni Single State Interm
Muni Single State Long
Muni Single State Short
Natural Resources
Nontraditional Bond
Option Writing
Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk
Preferred Stock
Real Estate
Short Government
Short-Term Bond
Single Currency
Small Blend
Small Growth
Small Value
Stable Value
Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Static Allocation--85%+ Equity
Static Intermediate Bond
Static Large Blend
Static Large Growth
Static Large Value
Static Mid-Cap Equity
Static Non US Equity
Static Short-Term Bond
Static Small-Cap Equity
Static US Government
Tactical Allocation
Target-Date 2000-2010
Target-Date 2015
Target-Date 2020
Target-Date 2025
Target-Date 2030
Target-Date 2035
Target-Date 2040
Target-Date 2045
Target-Date 2050
Target-Date 2055
Target-Date 2060+
Target-Date Retirement
Technology
Trading--Inverse Commodities
Trading--Inverse Debt
Trading--Inverse Equity
Trading--Leveraged Commodities
Trading--Leveraged Debt
Trading--Leveraged Equity
Trading--Miscellaneous
Ultrashort Bond
Utilities
Volatility
World Allocation
World Bond
World Large Stock
World Small/Mid Stock
 



Clear All

									Recent Securities & Benchmarks (max. active = 5)








Customize Interactive Chart
Growth of 10,000



 
 















							Trailing Total Returns
 MSSCX



							Daily

							Monthly

							Quarterly



















Quarterly & Monthly Total Returns
 MSSCX



							Quarterly

							Monthly










										S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.
Italics indicate Extended Performance. Extended performance is an estimate based on the performance of the fund's oldest share class, adjusted for fees.
        			




							Trailing Investor Returns
 MSSCX



							Monthly

							Quarterly






						Currency is displayed in USD.


 

  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.












 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mid Cap - Growth Strategies - Frontier Capital Management Company


































Mid Cap Growth
Investment Objective 
In our Mid Cap Growth strategy, we seek long-term capital appreciation
by owning mid capitalization companies with above-average earnings
growth potential that are available at reasonable valuations.


Managers:
 
Stephen M. Knightly , CFA and Christopher J. Scarpa


Inception:
 
January 1, 1992


Capitalization Emphasis:
 
Mid Cap 


Purchase Range:
 
 Within the capitalization of the Russell Midcap Growth Index at initial purchase 


Assets (as of 6/30/17):
 
$6.2 B


Vehicle(s):
 
Separate Accounts (Closed) / Limited Partnership (Open) 


Minimum Investment:
 
Separate Accounts (Closed) / Limited Partnership $1M 


 










Our Firm - Frontier Capital Management Company

























 
	  
	  
Our Firm 
Frontier
Capital Management Company, LLC is a Boston-based investment management
firm. Founded in 1980, the firm manages $14.3 billion in client assets as of June 30, 2017
in small, small/mid, mid and all cap U.S. equity strategies. These
strategies are managed under a style that is widely defined as “growth
at reasonable valuations.” In 1999, the product line was broadened to
include small cap value. In 2000, Frontier became an affiliate of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.
(AMG). Under this ownership arrangement, AMG has a majority interest in
Frontier, with the remaining ownership interest held broadly among
Frontier employees. Frontier employees control all of the firm's
management and the investment process.
Our primary
focus and key success factor has been our dedication to internally
generated detailed fundamental research. Through in depth analysis, we
identify companies on a “bottom up” basis that we believe have the
potential to show above average returns for our clients' portfolios.
Our integrated team of 18 investment professionals provides a wide
range of industry coverage and individual company analysis.

Nearly all of the assets at Frontier are managed for institutional
clients. We do not manage any hedge funds or proprietary mutual funds,
allowing for a focused business environment.
 Since
inception, Frontier has grown at a steady, manageable pace. We have a
deep appreciation for the importance of controlled growth at all
levels, placing a priority on long term investment performance. This
allows us to emphasize superior investment performance, while
delivering excellent client service and providing opportunities for our
employees.











FRONTIER MID CAP VALUE FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FRONTIER MID CAP VALUE FUND, L.P.
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Frontier MID CAP Value Fund is based out of Boston.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-21. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FRONTIER MID CAP VALUE FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




frontier mid cap value fund, l.p.


C/O FRONTIER CAPITAL MGNT. COMPANY, LLC

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02110


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-261-0777







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/21/2016
D/A filed on 12/23/2015
D/A filed on 12/24/2014
D filed on 01/16/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-21
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,634,000
INDEFINITE


2015-12-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,634,000
INDEFINITE


2014-12-24
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,489,000
INDEFINITE


2014-01-16
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,800,500
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




MICHAEL A.  CAVARRETTA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



RICHARD H.  BINDER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



STEPHEN M.  KNIGHTLY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



WILLIAM J.  BALLOU

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















AMG Funds: Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund - Overview
































 



For IndividualsFor Professionals




Login
Account Access
About AMG Funds
Careers



 





Funds

Mutual Funds
Aston Integration
Pricing & Performance
Morningstar Rated Funds
SEC Yields (PDF)
Monthly Dividends (PDF)
AMG Funds Income & Capital Gains Distributions
Distribution Calendar
Alternative Investments


Resources & Analytics

Fund Analytics
Product Literature
Prospectus & Reports
Applications & Forms
2016 Tax Guide (PDF)
Index Definitions
Glossary of Terms


Planning & Insight

Success Should Not Be Cyclical
Readiness Building Blocks
Wealth Management Trends in America
Today's Markets Require Flexibility


Separate Accounts
ManagersChoice

Overview
Latest News
Tools & Resources
Forms & Applications
Advisor User Guide (PDF)
Contact Us For Service


Services

National Accounts & Retirement


Research

2017 Market Outlook 
2016 Election
Impact of Brexit
AMG Funds Research
Fund Adviser Research
Video Gallery


Contact Us

BD Team
Independent BD/RIA Team
Shareholder Contact
Media Contact


 

Mutual Funds
Aston Integration
Pricing & Performance
Morningstar Rated Funds
SEC Yields (PDF)
Monthly Dividends (PDF)
AMG Funds Income & Capital Gains Distributions
Distribution Calendar
Alternative Investments





Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund






I





I
N
Z



 Select a Share Class



Overview
Performance & Risk
Fund Analytics












Find a Fund





Amundi Intermediate Government Fund*
Amundi Short Duration Government Fund*
Brandywine Advisors Mid Cap Growth Fund
Brandywine Blue Fund
Brandywine Fund
Cadence Capital Appreciation Fund
Cadence Emerging Companies Fund
Cadence Mid Cap Fund
CenterSquare Real Estate Fund*
Chicago Equity Partners Balanced Fund
Chicago Equity Partners Small Cap Value Fund
DoubleLine Core Plus Bond Fund*
Emerging Opportunities Fund
Essex Small/Micro Cap Growth Fund
Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund*
Fairpointe Mid Cap Fund*
FQ Global Risk-Balanced Fund
FQ Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Fund
FQ U.S. Equity Fund
Frontier Small Cap Growth Fund
Global Income Opportunity Fund
Guardian Capital Global Dividend Fund*
GW&K Core Bond Fund
GW&K Enhanced Core Bond Fund
GW&K Municipal Bond Fund
GW&K Municipal Enhanced Yield Fund
GW&K Small Cap Core Fund
GW&K Small/Mid Cap Fund*
GW&K U.S. Small Cap Growth Fund*
Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner Frontier Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner Global Equity Portfolio
Harding Loevner Institutional Emerging Markets Portfolio
Harding Loevner International Equity Portfolio
Harding Loevner International Small Companies Portfolio
High Yield Fund
Lake Partners LASSO Alternatives Fund*
LMCG Small Cap Growth Fund*
Loomis Sayles Bond Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Balanced Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Growth Fund*
Montag & Caldwell Mid Cap Growth Fund*
Pictet International Fund*
Renaissance International Equity Fund
Renaissance Large Cap Growth Fund
River Road Dividend All Cap Value Fund II*
River Road Dividend All Cap Value Fund*
River Road Focused Absolute Value Fund*
River Road Long-Short Fund*
River Road Small Cap Value Fund*
River Road Small-Mid Cap Value Fund*
Silvercrest Small Cap Fund*
Skyline Special Equities Fund
SouthernSun Global Opportunities Fund
SouthernSun Small Cap Fund
SouthernSun U.S. Equity Fund
Special Equity Fund
Systematic Large Cap Value Fund
Systematic Mid Cap Value Fund
TimesSquare All Cap Growth Fund
TimesSquare Emerging Markets Small Cap Fund
TimesSquare International Small Cap Fund
TimesSquare Mid Cap Growth Fund
TimesSquare Small Cap Growth Fund
Trilogy Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Trilogy Emerging Wealth Equity Fund
Trilogy Global Equity Fund
Trilogy International Small Cap Fund
Value Partners Asia Dividend*
Yacktman Focused Fund
Yacktman Focused Fund – Security Selection Only
Yacktman Fund
Yacktman Special Opportunities Fund








Downloadable Documents





Fund Information

Fact Sheet - 2nd Qtr
Commentary - 2nd Qtr
Holdings

Prospectus & Reports

Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Semi-Annual Report
Annual Report
Statement of Additional Information
XBRL Risk/Return









Daily Pricing 07/27/2017





I
NAV: 
$12.80

NAV $ Change: 
$-0.12

NAV % Change: 
-0.93%

YTD Return (as of 06/30/2017)

- at NAV 
10.52%







The performance shown represents past performance and is not a guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. The investment return and the principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. From time to time, the advisor has waived fees or reimbursed expenses, which may have resulted in higher returns. The listed returns and yields of the Fund are net of expenses, and the returns and yields of the indices exclude expenses.Unlike the Fund, the Index listed is unmanaged, is not available for investment and does not incur expenses. 








Fund Updates
Effective February 27, 2017, the share classes offered and/or fees paid by certain of our Funds are being restructured to better align with the needs of our investors. These changes may affect the amount of fees you will pay as an investor.  Please review the Fund's prospectus for details.

Effective January 1, 2016, the Fund was reopened to new investors.



MSSCX Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return Ratings as of June 30, 2017

Overall Rating
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Category



  (of 599 Funds)

  (of 599 Funds)

  (of 533 Funds)

  (of 398 Funds)
Small Growth




Fund Facts (as of 6/30/2017)





Investment Style: 
Small-Cap Growth



Benchmark(s): 
Russell 2000® Growth Index







Subadvisor(s): 
Frontier Capital Management, Co., LLC



Fund Net Assets: 
$17,654,300







Share Class Facts





Share Class: 
I


Ticker: 
MSSCX

Inception Date: 
9/24/1997

Expense Ratio:  (Gross / Net) 
1.44% / 1.05%







Minimum Investment: 
    Initial / Subsequent 
$100,000 / $100


Minimum IRA Investment: 
    Initial / Subsequent 
$25,000 / $100


Maximum Sales Charges: 
N/A


12b-1 Fees: 
N/A





Prior to October 1, 2016, the Fund’s Z shares were known as Institutional shares. 
Prior to October 1, 2016, the Fund’s I shares were known as Service shares.
Prior to October 1, 2016, the Fund’s N shares were known as Investor shares.
The Fund's investment manager has contractually agreed, through at least March 1, 2018, to limit Fund operating expenses. The net expense ratio reflects this limitation, while the gross expense ratio does not. Please refer to the Fund's prospectus for additional information on the Fund's expenses.
Learn more about share classes offered by AMG Funds.
Fund Focus
The Fund invests primarily in common stocks of small U.S. companies whose market capitalization at the time of purchase is within the range of the Russell 2000® Index. The Fund may retain securities that it already has purchased even if the capitalization drops below or outgrows the capitalization range. The Fund may also invest in stocks that are traded in the over-the-counter market. 
Frontier, the subadvisor to the Fund, believes that, over time, stock prices tend to follow earnings progress and that stocks owned must be purchased at reasonable valuations.

Where This Fund May Fit As Part Of Your Asset Allocation
The Fund may be appropriate for your overall investment allocation if you are:
Looking to gain exposure to small-cap stocks 
Seeking long-term growth of capital 
Willing to accept short-term volatility of returns 


Disclosure
Investors should carefully consider the Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. For this and other information, please call 800.835.3879 or download a free prospectus. Read it carefully before investing or sending money.
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. 
Morningstar Rating is for the share class indicated only (see ticker); other share classes may have different performance characteristics. The Ranking may reflect the waiver of all or a portion of the fund's fees. Without such waiver, the Rankings may have been lower. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

© 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.











Funds are distributed by AMG Distributors, Inc., a member of FINRA/SIPC.
Check the background of an investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
    

Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy
Email the Webmaster

© 2017 AMG Funds LLC. All rights reserved.



Funds are distributed by AMG Distributors, Inc., a member of FINRA/SIPC.
Check the background of an investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
    

Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy
Email the Webmaster

© 2017 AMG Funds LLC. All rights reserved.





You are now leaving the AMG Funds web site:
The link you have selected is located on another web site. Please click OK below to leave the AMG Funds site and proceed to the selected site. AMG Funds does not endorse this web site, its sponsor, or any of the policies, activities, products or services offered on the site, or by any advertiser on the site. AMG Funds has no control of the content or data shown on this site, and while AMG Funds has no reason to doubt the reliability of the data shown, its accuracy is not guaranteed. Furthermore, AMG Funds takes no responsibility for the accuracy or factual correctness of any information posted to third party web sites.
Thank you for your interest in AMG Funds.


Cancel
            Go back to AMG Funds site.
        

Ok
            Leave AMG Funds site.
        






Investment Professional Access

User ID:
Password:



Remember me on this computer.

LOGIN


Register Now
Forgot UserID or Password?





Account Access


Mutual Funds Shareholder
ManagersChoice







