










 













 




Frontier NanoSystems, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:27 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Frontier NanoSystems, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Frontier NanoSystems, LLC develops liquid chemical deposition and electroceramic lamination technology that integrates physically large materials with nanoscale properties to reduce the number of manufacturing steps required to produce a usable electronic product. The company was formerly known as Composite Ceramic Technologies LLC and changed its name to Frontier NanoSystems, LLC in 2009. Frontier NanoSystems, LLC was founded in 1994 and is based in Austin, Texas.


10505 South IH 35Unit 2015Austin, TX 78747United StatesFounded in 1994



Phone: 512-697-9336








Key Executives for Frontier NanoSystems, LLC




Mr. L. Pierre de Rochemont


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
      








Mr. John F. Melita


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 SolTech Inc. United States 1366 Technologies, Inc. United States 21-Century Silicon, Inc. United States 3AxisData LLC United States 3DSP Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 20, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Subsidized Markets Always Fail Macroeconomic Analysis of Today’s Wireless Industry—the Case for Disruption L. Pierre de Rochemont. -  ppt download




















Upload

Log in








My presentations
Profile
Feedback
Log out









Search

























Log in












Log in

Auth with social network: 











Registration
Forgot your password?









Download presentation



We think you have liked this presentation. If you wish to download it, please recommend it to your friends in any social system. Share buttons are a little bit lower. Thank you!
Buttons:




























Cancel
Download






 























 Presentation is loading. Please wait.







































Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Subsidized Markets Always Fail Macroeconomic Analysis of Today’s Wireless Industry—the Case for Disruption L. Pierre de Rochemont.
Published byWarren Cobb
Modified 10 months ago


































Embed




Download presentation















 Copy to clipboard
















Similar presentations                            


More



Presentation on theme: "Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Subsidized Markets Always Fail Macroeconomic Analysis of Today’s Wireless Industry—the Case for Disruption L. Pierre de Rochemont."— Presentation transcript:




1

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Subsidized Markets Always Fail Macroeconomic Analysis of Today’s Wireless Industry—the Case for Disruption L. Pierre de Rochemont GM/Founder Originally presented to Motorola in December 2006 & June 2007 Presented at NanoTx’07 in Dallas, October 2007 Tellabs has released a similar study that shows U.S. telecom service providers will become non-profitable in 2013 (Source: http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/tellabs-study-n-american-operators-may-be-unprofitable-2013/2011-02-02?utm_medium=nl&utm_source=internal)







2

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Business declines State of the Wireless Industry The Inflection Curve Business goes on to new heights “... a strategic inflection point is a time in the life of a business when its fundamentals are about to change. That change can mean an opportunity to rise to new heights. But it may just as likely signal the beginning of the end.”  Andrew S. Grove Former Chairman & CEO, Intel Corp. in “Only the Paranoid Survive” What is needed now in the wireless industry?  a reduced cost mobile terminal that allows wireless operators to transition their business to the sale of enhanced services and content as their subscriber base saturates. MAJOR SHIFT Unaffordable Mobile Terminal now Dominates Carriers’ “CapEx”







3

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Current Drivers in Handset Market 200 400 600 800 1,000 1,200 1,400 0 Handset Units Sold (Millions) 201020092008200720062005 Handset volumes skyrocketed causing the product to be commoditized sooner than anticipated $175 $170 $165 $180 Average Handset Price (across all interfaces) in US $ $155 $160 $150 $145 $140 $135 Prices are dropping faster than anticipated Chipset BOMs will continue to increase as devices become more sophisticated Unit Chipset BOM (averaged across all air interfaces) in US $ $40 $44 $42 $38 $36 Unit chipset BOM expected to increase by ~12% Handset price will drop >14% from peak average value







4

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC A Pain That Needs Attention “Too many” discrete components Section of a populated cell phone circuit board Semiconductor chips Passives







5

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Need Economy of Scale and Scope Thru a UNIVERSAL Radio Radio Systems User Interface Cell Phone Engine Electro-mechanical systems OEMs deploy identical subsystems across all handset models EXCEPT the radio  Antenna’s tuning is sensitive to component layouts







6

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Real Cost of Smart Phone Assembly Nokia N-95 Handset Discretes (mostly passives) IC’s Component 546 74 Count 40 sec † 5 † – 33 ‡ sec Assembly Time Considerable “cost-of-ownership” to “handling” large number of discretes † Estimated using 0.072 sec-chip -1 chip-shooter (50,000 parts/hour) ‡ Estimated using 0.45 sec-chip -1 for fine-pitch assembly (8,000 parts/hour) Source (part count): Portelligent, Austin, TX Source: major EMS company







7

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Real Cost of Base Station Assembly ComponentCountAssembly time Discrete 1,370 1 min 29sec* (mostly passives) IC 77 35sec** (incl. approx. 30 voltage regulators) PA’s and LNA’s on separate boards, SAW and other filters (30), VCOs, transformers, Xtals, couplers are not included above. Considerable “cost-of-ownership” to “handling” large number of discretes *Estimated using 0.072 sec-chip -1 chip-shooter (50,000 parts/hour) **Estimated using 0.45 sec-chip -1 for fine-pitch assembly (8,000 parts/hour) Source: major EMS company Digital Radio Board







8

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Cost Inefficiencies of Today’s Wireless Supply Chain Historical Model Acquisition chain with 7 mark-up layers Consumer (Level 0) Service Provider (Level 1) System Integrator (Level 2) - Cell Phones/PDA’s - Satellites/Base Stations Final Assembly (Level 3) - EMS House Subsystem Manufacturer (Level 4) - Memory / Radio / Processor Modules PCB Assembly and Packaging (Level 5) Component Devices (Level 6) - Printed Circuit Boards - Semiconductor Die - Substrates (Semiconductor Packaging) - Discrete Passives Raw Materials (Level 7) - Ceramic Powders - Organic Polymers - Semiconductor Materials Qualification Steps Mark-up Levels Poor visibility “Down” the food chain Suppliers market to next level “up” the food chain







9

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC It’s the Supply Chain Stupid!! Nokia aggressively attacked supply chain costs, sharply reducing the number of its suppliers...... Motorola was slower to react to these costs







10

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC It’s the Supply Chain Stupid!! Nokia aggressively attacked supply chain costs, sharply reducing the number of its suppliers...... Motorola was slower to react to these costs







11

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC The Hidden Cost of Supply Chain Inefficiency Nokia 2005 Cost Structure 66% 20% 14% 2005 Handset Market $126Global Revenues (billions) Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) Operating Cost Profit Margin Total Units (millions) Average Selling Price 816.6 $159 Semiconductor Chipset ASP/unit † Non-semiconductor component cost/unit ‡ $ 38.53 $ 37 $ 19 $ 78,879 ($ 31,460) Economic value lost due to assembly and multiple supply chain inefficiencies † Averaged over all air-interfaces and all semiconductor chipset types (processors, memory, RF, camera, etc.) ‡ JP Morgan reports $37 per unit for 3G models and $19 per unit for 2G models ($ 31,460) $ 78,879 Estimated Values Industry- wide (millions) UPPERLOWER ($ 30,214) ($ 15,515) $ 31,904 $ 17,205 “Inefficiency” Cost % unit price 25% 14% $/unit Value $20.67 $39.07







12

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Strain of Economic Cross Currents +15% +10% +5% 0% -5% -10% +20% Industry-wide Handset OEM Operating Margin Assumes Inefficiency Costs are fixed at 14% of unit price Assumes Inefficiency Costs remain fixed at $20.67 per unit 200 400 600 800 1,000 1,200 1,400 0 Millions of Handset Units 201020092008200720062005 Forecast Industry-wide Operating Margin as volumes  and chipset BOM  while prices  Handset Volumes   Price =Revenues Projected Revenues  20% = (Operating Costs) Handset Volume  (Unit Inefficiency Cost +  BOM)= (COGS) Operating Margin =Profit/(Loss)  Revenues







13

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Transformational Result of a Fully Integrated Passive Solution “Design Model” allows a consumer demand driven supply chain that will effectively lower costs by JIT, Lean, 6 Sigma methodologies Data Interchange Backbone of Design Model is a data interchange system to allow customers to design through all levels of the supply chain and for their design to be carried forward through fabrication. Enabled by nano-engineered ceramics!! Design Model Minimizes acquisition and mark-up levels while maximizing supply chain efficiencies Consumer (Level 0) Service Provider (Level 1) System Integration (Level 2) -Cell Phones/PDA’s -Satellites/Base Stations Design (Level 3a) -Semiconductor Die -Integrated PCB’s Integrated Component (Level 3b) -Semiconductor Die -Integrated PCB’s Qualification Steps Mark-up Levels Raw Materials (Level 4)







14

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Projection of our economic value to handset industry Industry Impact 201020092008200720062005 +15% +10% +5% 0% -5% -10% +20% Industry-wide Handset OEM Operating Margin Assume inefficiency cost (fixed at $20.67 per unit) is cut by 35% +15% +10% +5% 0% -5% -10% +20% Industry-wide Handset OEM Operating Margin Assumes inefficiency cost (14% of handset price) is cut by 50% Potential to cut passive component BOM AND “top-to-bottom” supply chain management and assembly costs by 35%-50% Assuming adoption rates of 15%, 50%, 100% of total market volume phased in over 3 years starting in 2008 Assumes inefficiency costs are fixed at 14% of unit price Assumes Inefficiency Costs stay fixed at $20.67 per unit







15

        Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Conditions Needed for Disruption Microelectronics industry has to embrace nano-engineered electronics NOW!!—in freer markets it would have been done10-15 years ago! The major Cost Benefit is not always measured by direct accounting methods! Having a disruptive technology is a necessary, but not a sufficient condition for market disruption... a busted market and the exhaustion of overbearing government influence is necessary for market entry!










Download ppt "Frontier NanoSystems, LLC Subsidized Markets Always Fail Macroeconomic Analysis of Today’s Wireless Industry—the Case for Disruption L. Pierre de Rochemont."











Similar presentations            








1 The reference tool of choice for China’s RF & Microwave innovators.












Market-Based Management












A c c e l e r a t i n g Y o u r S u c c e s s ™ Electronics Marketing: Electronic Components EMEA Core Distribution Services Financial Strength & Inventory.











Market-Based Management











Inventory/Purchasing Questions











Recommendation: Buy Intel (INTC). Key Investment Points Appears to be undervalued compared to the market Strong Research & Development High Dividend.90.











MEMBERS Agenda INTRODUCTION SITUATIONS QUESTION AND ANSWER.












Custom ICs for Radiation Detection & Imaging











ECONOMICS Chapter 5 Section 3. Key Terms  subsidy: a government payment that supports a business or market  excise tax: a tax on the production or sale.











Relationships in Supply Chain Management











Pricing I Professor S.J. Grant Spring 2007 BUYER BEHAVIOR, MARKETING 3250.











By; Kigozi Jimmy Andrew Graduate School of International Studies, Korea University











McGraw-Hill/Irwin © 2008 The McGraw-Hill Companies, All Rights Reserved Chapter 16 Integrating Wireless Technology in business.











© Copyright 2008 United Parcel Service of America, Inc. All rights reserved. Synchronizing Global Freight May 29, 2008.











TABLE OF CONTENTS System Plus Consulting is pleased to publish a reverse costing report on the new generation of GaN power transistors from EFFICIENT POWER.











Accelerating Your Success™ 1 Avnet, Inc. Overview FY ‘09.











Motorola China Failure of Success











Chapter 14 Supply chain management











OEM SCR Expectations in a Zero Defects Environment Leading Edge Ceramic and Tantalum Capacitors May 22-24, 2007 Perspectives from you Supply Base Automotive.











BT Transformation Working with the CWU. Defend Traditional Calls decline - 5 main factors Dial IP - Market declines, driven by Broadband Price - Market.












Similar presentations                                    















                    Presentation is loading. Please wait....
                    


                        OK


                                                            A c c e l e r a t i n g Y o u r S u c c e s s ™ Electronics Marketing: Electronic Components EMEA Core Distribution Services Financial Strength & Inventory.                                                    











About project
SlidePlayer
Terms of Service


Feedback
Privacy Policy
Feedback


© 2017 SlidePlayer.com Inc. All rights reserved.







Search







Ads by Google








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 




Frontier Nanosystems LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























frontier nanosystems llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Frontier Nanosystems LLC was founded in 1998. The company's line of business includes holding or owning securities of companies other than banks.




Corporate Information
Address:

12501 Tech Ridge Blvd
Austin, TX 78753
United States


Phone:
1-512-697-9336


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































FRONTIER NANOSYSTEMS LLC Austin TX, 78753 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Stone, Clay, Glass, and Concrete Products
Frontier Nanosystems LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Frontier Nanosystems LLC



12501 Tech Ridge Blvd, Apt 628

Austin,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 78753-1134
							
							 |  view map


(512) 697-9336

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

FRONTIER NANOSYSTEMS LLC is in the Porcelain Electrical Supplies industry in Austin, TX.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Headquarters
					

Industry:
						Porcelain Electrical Supplies
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1998
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Ideal Construction CO


Hammer & CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


Montgomery Marine Repair


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Frontier Nanosystems LLC
Rate Frontier Nanosystems LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Frontier Nanosystems LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOGUE
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VORA SHAILESH C MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
CONTORNO INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
AZURADISC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  


















What’s New with Frontier NanoSystems :: Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact




























What’s New with Frontier NanoSystems



February 27, 2017—Frontier NanoSystems has been selected to present as one of the Top Innovators at the annual Venture Summit | West by youngStartup Ventures. View the full press release.


November 29, 2016—Frontier NanoSystems has been honored as a winner of a prestigious 2016 Red Herring Top 100 Global award.  View the full press release.
June 26, 2016—Frontier NanoSystems has been named a winner of a 2016 Red Herring Top 100 North America award.  View the full press release.

May 18, 2016—Frontier NanoSystems has been selected as a finalist by Red Herring in its North America Top 100 Most Disruptive Startups for 2016. View the full press release. 

July 19, 2014—The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued multiple patents on fully integrated power management devices. U.S. Patent No. 8,749,054, “Semiconductor carrier Vertical FET Module”, protects proprietary claims to the monolithic integration of high-efficiency power management modules on semiconductor carriers to switch power at high-speed among co-located semiconductor die. U.S. Patent No. 8,779,489, “Power FET with Resonant Transistor Gate”, establishes proprietary claims to methods that switch arbitrarily large currents at arbitrarily high-speeds by embedding passive circuit elements within an elongated transistor gate.
May 15, 2014—Two newly issued U.S. patents consolidate Frontier NanoSystems’ proprietary claim to Big Nano across multiple material classes and in fully integrated microelectronic systems. U.S. Patent No. 8,715,839, ”Electrical Components and Methods of Manufacture”, establish broad claims to passive circuitry satisfying critical performance tolerances integrated within printed circuit boards, semiconductor packaging, and at the wafer scale. U.S. Patent No. 8,715,814 claims Big Nano in the form of a metal, superalloy, semiconductor, or ceramic as a composite layer for a free-standing body.
October 22, 2013—Frontier NanoSystems is awarded the first of a series of patent applications claiming high conversion efficiency (98+%) power management devices.  U.S. Patent No. 8,552,708 establishes claims to embodiments and methods that minimize magnetic material losses in our proprietary circuit technology.  Magnetic dielectric loss is the leading contribution to inadequate power conversion efficiencies in our competitors’ conventional product offerings.
January 15, 2013—Frontier NanoSystems has been issued two key patents to Big Nano embodiments and monolithic circuit integration.  U.S. No. 8,354,294, awarded today, establishes claims to metal, super-alloy, and semiconductor Big Nano embodiments and the manufacturing process needed to make this unique state of matter.  U.S. No. 8,350,657 B2, awarded last week, claims the integration of inductor coils that satisfy critical performance tolerances on the surface of silicon and other semiconductors, and the integration of tight tolerance passive components restricted to power management circuit modules.  
September 15, 2011—Frontier NanoSystems is awarded patent claims in Japan (JP 4,843,611) on the use of Big Nano electroceramics in meta-material dielectrics and antenna modules.  
June 16, 2011—Technology Profits Confidential investor newsletter covers Frontier NanoSystems as The Next Big Thing in Circuit Miniaturization.
February 24, 2011—Breakthrough Technology Alert investor newsletter covers Frontier NanoSystems as The Next Big Thing In Circuit Miniaturization.
October 4, 2007–Frontier NanoSystems’ GM/Founder presents a macroeconomic analysis at NanoTX’07 that predicts the wireless handset industry will become fiscally insolvent by 2009/2010 without systemic changes to the industry’s supply chain management that Big Nano will enable.
 
For additional information contact:  news@frontiernano.com.

















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	































Our New Frontiers :: Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact
















Our New Frontiers



Big Nano unbinds the inherent constraints convention imposes upon modern system architectures, circuit designs, and systems of production!
In recent years, the word Disruptive has been so misapplied it is now almost meaningless.  If you lived through the emergence of the Space Age, you witnessed how advances in the materials sciences fundamentally shifted economic paradigms. From the popularized “plastics, plastics, plastics” mantra to handheld transistor radios, the quality of our lives improved and the economic revitalization led to new wealth potentials.
History clearly shows that new and improved materials are always at the forefront of industrial progress and economic prosperity.  From the Bessemer process for steel production, which led to the expansion of many worldwide industries, to reverse osmosis polymer membranes used for water purification, higher quality materials have fundamentally improved productive industry and the human condition.
Vacuum tubes originally invented in the 1600’s were not commercialized until the 1850’s when advanced materials manufacturing technologies enabled them to be distributed at a profit.  This materials innovation birthed the dawn of the Electronics Era, the beginning of global communications, and the awakening of the human community.

The transistor, first invented in 1947, did not significantly penetrate commercial markets until advances in materials science in the late 1950’s and early 1960’s allowed 7 transistors to be integrated onto a single chip.  This innovation delivered the economic viability needed to commercially displace vacuum tubes from virtually all consumer products and birthed the panoply of devices that enrich our lives today.
Our Big Nano solutions satisfy technical and economic criteria needed to displace the economically exhausted microelectronic system assemblies built using 70 year-old printed circuit board technologies.
 
By eliminating compositional and grain size variations in our laminated electroceramics, high performance Big Nano microstructures satisfy “critical performance tolerances” needed to achieve the last step of microelectronic integration.  (See image above right).  Big Nano electroceramics enable passive components (resistors, inductors, and capacitors) having performance varying less than the ±1% from their design values over ALL standard operating temperatures to be integrated onto semiconductors without damaging transistors embedded beneath their surface.
Frontier NanoSystems is using this core competence to develop novel power management designs that improve the efficiency of our power grid and fundamentally change computing and radio architectures. Our patented power management systems will ultimately allow the capacity of a contemporary computer workstation to be held in the palm of a hand, and be driven by powers measuring 1 Watt or less.
 

















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	































Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact











We make nano BIG.






                                We make nano BIG.                             







Our New Frontiers






                                Our New Frontiers                             







Meet the Team






                                Meet the Team                             







Latest Company News






                                Latest Company News                             







Our Patent Portfolio






                                Our Patent Portfolio                             







Learn more about Frontier NanoSystems






                                Learn more about Frontier NanoSystems                             







OverlaysShareTweetPreviousNextPreviousNext















Our Worldview



At Frontier NanoSystems, we recognize that all industrial revolutions coincide with the bold introduction of advanced materials and reliable, high-quality manufacturing processes.  Learn about our plans to revitalize global economies through a manufacturing renaissance enabled via new ultra-high performance materials produced using operationally sound and environmentally conscious methods.





Winner of 2016 Red Herring Top 100 North America Award & Top 100 Global Award





















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	
































Contact Us :: Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact
















Contact Us




A New Frontier exposes limitless horizons.
We invite you to come explore them with us!




For Business Development & Partnering:
business@frontiernano.comFor Career Opportunities:
careers@frontiernano.com




For Investor Relations:
investors@frontiernano.com
 

















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	































We Make Nano BIG :: Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact
















We Make Nano BIG



Frontier NanoSystems has established a global patent position on a new phase of matter.  We call it Big Nano.
Nanotechnologies have not realized their full market potentials because the exotic properties of a nanoparticle are only observable in materials having physical size imperceptible to the human senses.  This size constraint places nanotechnology beyond practical utility in many commercial applications. To hold meaningful economic value, materials need to be big enough to be easily manipulated and integrated into higher value products.  Unfortunately, a nanoparticle’s exotic properties are diminished or lost when it is sintered within a collection of trillions upon trillions of nanoparticles into a material body large enough to be commercially useful.  Herein lies the fundamental paradox where nanotechnology’s promises have failed commercial and ROI expectations.
Frontier NanoSystems’ patented manufacturing solutions unleash nanotechnology’s full potential by forming physically large material bodies having nanoscale grains (20-50 nm in diameter) and compositional precision.  Our globally patented microstructure shown below is what we call Big Nano.  It is a material large enough to hold great economic value yet one that simultaneously possesses the exotic physical properties of its less useful nanoparticle equivalent.

We form these materials as laminates integrated into a higher value product or as free-standing bodies with atomic scale chemical uniformity regardless of the material’s compositional complexity.
Our low processing temperatures enable our proprietary Big Nano electroceramics to be integrated onto the surface of semiconductor chips without affecting embedded transistors—an innovative breakthrough that enables high efficiency power management systems to drive the next generation of microelectronic integration and system design.  Our principal waste products are water and carbon dioxide, the principal nutrients for the Earth’s oxygen-enriching plant life!
 

















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	































Our Global IP Estate :: Frontier NanoSystems, LLC
































































Home
Our Technology
Our New Frontiers
Meet the Team
News
IP Estate
Contact
















Our Global IP Estate




Our U.S. Patent Portfolio (some with global rights issued or pending)



U.S. No. 8,779,489“Power FET with Resonant Gate Transistor” claims passive circuit elements integrated within an elongated transistor gate to switch arbitrarily high currents at arbitrarily high speeds.


U.S. No. 8,749,054“Semiconductor Carrier with Vertical Power FET” claims the integration of a high efficiency power management module on a semiconductor carrier to manage power flows to adjacent semiconductor die co-located on the carrier at high switching speed.


U.S. No. 8,715,839“Electrical Components and Method of Manufacture” claims the use of Big Nano to fully integrate passive circuitry within a printed circuit board, chip package, or directly on the chip at the wafer scale.


U.S. No. 8,715,814“Liquid Chemical Deposition Apparatus and Process and Products Therefrom” extends claims to Big Nano in the form of a metal, superalloy, semiconductor, or ceramic, either as a free-standing body or laminated layer within a composite body.


U.S. No. 8,593,819“Ceramic Antenna Module and Methods of Manufacture Thereof” claims an antenna module comprising an ultra-low loss interconnect structure.


U.S. No. 8,552,708“Monolithic DC/DC Power Management Module with Surface FET” claims a monolithic power management device with ultra-low loss inductor/transformer coils formed on silicon and other semiconductors.


U.S. No. 8,354,294“Liquid Chemical Deposition Apparatus and Process and Products Therefrom” claims chemically complex materials with atomic scale compositional uniformity, Big Nano in metallic, superalloy and semiconductor embodiments, and the apparatus needed to make these unique materials.


U.S. No. 8,350,657“Power Management Module and Methods of Manufacture” claims monolithic inductor coils integrated on the surface of semiconductor wafers.


U.S. No. 8,178,457 B2“Ceramic Antenna Module and Methods of Manufacture” claims meta-material dielectrics having performance properties that remain stable with temperature.


U.S. No. 7,763,917 B2 “Photovoltaic Devices with Silicon Encapsulation Layer and Method to Make Same” claim solar cell panels with the world’s most transparent material as a protective window.


U.S. No. 7,405,698“Ceramic Antenna Module and Methods of Manufacture” claims electrically small antennas embedded in meta-materials having properties that remain stable with temperature.


U.S. No. 7,047,637 B2“Ceramic Composite Wiring Structures for Semiconductor Devices and Method of Manufacture” claims ultra-low loss interconnects with embedded capacitors.


U.S. No. 6.742,249 B2“Ceramic Composite Wiring Structures for Semiconductor Devices and Method of Manufacture” claims methods to produce ultra-low loss interconnects with embedded capacitors.


U.S. No. 6,323,549 B1“Ceramic Composites Wiring Structures for Semiconductor Devices and Method of Manufacture” claims the coolant microchannels embedded within a semiconductor interconnect.  


U.S. No. 6,143,432"Ceramic Composites with Improved Interfacial Properties and Methods to Make Such Composites" claims a variety of techniques to relieve thermally-induced stress and mitigate crack propagation in a composite ceramic body.


U.S. No. 5,707,715“Metal-Ceramic Composites with Improved Interfacial Properties and Methods to Make Such Composites” claims a variety techniques to relieve thermally-induced mechanical stress and mitigate crack propagation in metal-ceramic substrates.



Published U.S. Patents Pending (most have global intellectual property rights issued or pending)



U.S. Ser. No. 12/818,025NOTIFICATION OF ALLOWANCE RECEIVED: “RF Energy Collection Circuit for Wireless Devices” claims methods to harvest ambient RF energy to power a wireless device and extend the range of passive RFID systems from 60-100 ft. to 10 miles or more.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/163,645NOTIFICATION OF ALLOWANCE RECEIVED:“Frequency-Selective Dipole Antennas” claims methods to design antenna elements as a distributed network filter so they have signal transfer bands at any desired pass band, narrow or broad, with high instantaneous bandwith.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/182,405NOTIFICATION OF ALLOWANCE RECEIVED:“Chemically Complex Ablative MAX Phase Material and Method of Manufacture” claims cutting surfaces consisting of MAX-phase (complex carbide and nitride) ceramics with embedded diamond shards.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/288,922“Semiconductor Chip Carriers with Monolithically Integrated Quantum Dot Devices and Method of Manufacture Thereof” claims the application of our unique state of matter (Big Nano) to make 3-D quantum gas semiconductor devices, and there integration onto an active chip carrier interconnect platform.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/471,012 “Ceramic Antenna Module and Methods of Manufacture Thereof” claims the use of an ultra-low loss interconnect structure to electrically connect an electrically small antenna element to an integrated circuit.  (Issuance fee paid).


U.S. Ser. No. 13/602,019 “Fully integrated Thermoelectric Devices and Their Application to Aerospace De-Icing Systems” claims the application of Big Nano 3D quantum gases to thermoelectric devices, and their application to cool microelectronic circuits and electrical de-icing systems on flight systems.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/675,334“Liquid Chemical Deposition Apparatus and Process and Products Therefrom” claims Big Nano in the form of a metal, superalloy, semiconductor, and ceramic as a free-standing body or surface laminate.


U.S. Ser. No. 13/735,942“Power Management Module and Methods of Manufacture” claims 3D printer methods to form tight-tolerance inductor coils and a tunable inductor formed on the surface of a semiconductor device. 


U.S. Ser. No. 14/089,465“Ceramic Antenna Module and Methods of Manufacture Thereof” claims the use of high energy density dielectrics to impedance-match transmission lines to chips and the use of discrete wires to form embedded antennas”.  This is a divisional application to U.S. Nos. 7,405,698, 8,178,457 B2, 8,593,819 B2.


U.S. Ser. No. 14/268,082“Electrical Components and Methods of Manufacture” claims tight-tolerance network comb filters and their use in Fast-Fourier Transform calculations and antenna modules wherein the reactive near-field is fully constrained to the module structure.  This is a divisional application to U.S. No. 8,715,839.


U.S. Ser. No. 14/299,018“Semiconductor Carrier with Vertical FET Module” further claims power management modules and FETs with elongated transistor gate structures, and additional circuitry embedded on a semiconductor carrier.  This is a divisional application to U.S. No. 8,749,054.


U.S. Ser. No. 14/325,129“Power FET with Resonant Transistor Gate” claims additional innovations related to forming resonant gate structures and microelectronic modules containing such structures.  This is a divisional application to U.S. No. 8,779,489.



We have multiple pending applications that have not yet been published.
 
 

















		© 2017 Copyright Frontier NanoSystems, LLC, Raleigh, North Carolina
		All Rights Reserved
	



























