




Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd - Pooled Investment Fund- Frontaura Capital Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Frontaura Capital Llc 180 North Stetson Avenue, Suite 1935 
    Chicago, IL, 60601Phone: (312) 777-1500 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-03


Amended


$50,035,276


$7,919,105


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-14


Amended


$42,116,171


$3,700,000


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-10-01


Amended


$38,416,171


$1,000,000


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2013-10-16


New


$37,416,171


$37,416,171


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Frontaura Capital Llc 
 Executive 


 Stephen Charles Peter Mack 
 Executive 


 Nick Padgett 
 Executive 





















 


 

Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd raised $38,416,171 on September 30th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/286488-frontaura-global-frontier-fund-offshore-ltdsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=286488  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd raised $38,416,171 on September 30th, 2014.Get alertedif Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd gets funded!Amount:$38,416,171Company:Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore LtdInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesIllinoisChicagoKey people:Stephen Mack (Executive Officer) Nick Padgett (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd (0001588800) (Filer)Description:In September 30th, 2014, a 38M securities offering was completed by Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd. Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd is specialized in Finance.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND OFFSHORE LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND OFFSHORE LTD
                    

•   CHICAGO, IL
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore LTD is based out of Chicago.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-03. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND OFFSHORE LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




frontaura global frontier fund offshore ltd


C/O FRONTAURA CAPITAL LLC

CHICAGO
IL
                                                        
                                                    60601


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (312) 777-1500







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/03/2016
D/A filed on 10/14/2015
D/A filed on 10/01/2014
D filed on 10/16/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
50,035,276
INDEFINITE


2015-10-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
42,116,171
INDEFINITE


2014-10-01
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
38,416,171
INDEFINITE


2013-10-16
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
37,416,171
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




N/A   FRONTAURA CAPITAL LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



NICK   PADGETT

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



STEPHEN CHARLES PETER  MACK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Managing Frontier Market Portfolios -  ppt download






















Upload

Log in








My presentations
Profile
Feedback
Log out









Search

























Log in












Log in

Auth with social network: 











Registration
Forgot your password?









Download presentation



We think you have liked this presentation. If you wish to download it, please recommend it to your friends in any social system. Share buttons are a little bit lower. Thank you!
Buttons:




























Cancel
Download






 























 Presentation is loading. Please wait.





Video
Slideshow






                                                To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that
                                                supports HTML5 video












































Managing Frontier Market Portfolios
Published byLynne Neal
Modified about 1 year ago


































Embed




Download presentation















 Copy to clipboard
















Similar presentations                            


More



Presentation on theme: "Managing Frontier Market Portfolios"— Presentation transcript:




1

Managing Frontier Market PortfoliosNick Padgett, Managing Director, Frontaura Capital CFA Institute Investing in Africa Traveling Conference Series February 2013 Frontaura Capital LLC 180 North Stetson Avenue, Suite 1935 Chicago, Illinois USA Tel: Fax:   FRONTAURA CAPITAL LLC FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND LLC FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND OFFSHORE LIMITED © Frontaura Capital LLC







2

Most of the world’s stock exchanges are frontierFrontier markets are stock markets, categorized by country, that leading index providers typically do not classify as either “developed markets” or “emerging markets” MSCI World Countries MSCI Emerging Countries MSCI Frontier Countries Other countries with stock exchange Countries with no stock exchange 70% of countries with stock exchanges are not represented in the MSCI All-Country World Index 2







3

Frontier = 30% of world’s population; 13% of world’s GDP, but <3% of global market capFrontier Potential MSCI Developed Countries MSCI Emerging Countries MSCI Frontier Countries Other Countries w/ Stock Exchanges Countries w/ No Stock Exchanges Source:	IMF World Economic Outlook October 2012 for 2012 population and GDP estimates. Market capitalization data through 11 October 2012 if present on Bloomberg.  World Bank World Development Indicators database 2011 used to supplement Bloomberg. Market cap shown is the total market cap for all of the countries in each group, not just the total market cap for the companies within the MSCI index. 3







4

Why invest in frontier markets?Participate in the world’s fastest growing economies 23 of 25 fastest growing countries over next 5 years are frontier Capture additional returns by exploiting market inefficiencies Volatility and inefficiency allow for favorable entry and exit points Benefit from favorable return characteristics Dividend yields are high Low PEs are plentiful as there is a wide dispersion in valuations between and within countries High Return on Invested Capital companies with favorable earnings growth exist Complement existing developed and emerging market positions Frontier countries comprise 30% of the world’s population, 13% of the world’s GDP, but <3% of the world’s market capitalization Today’s frontier markets are tomorrow’s emerging markets 4







5

The fastest growing economies are frontier countriesThe end of the Cold War, a step change in communications infrastructure, and significant cost advantages are allowing the least developed countries to grow the fastest Of the 25 countries with local stock markets that are projected to grow fastest in , the MSCI All-Country World Index only captures 2 MSCI Emerging Countries MSCI Frontier Countries Other countries with stock exchanges 5 Source: International Monetary Fund October 2012







6

Frontier markets are inefficientFrontier markets are inefficient.  Limited information coupled with limited liquidity drive major price / valuation swings. Source: Bloomberg Volatility presents favorable entry and exit opportunities 6







7

Frontier markets have favorable return componentsStock market returns are attributed to capital appreciation due to earnings growth and change in valuation multiples, plus dividend yield Total Return = ∆ Earnings + ∆ P/E + Dividend Yield Return Component Frontier Market Attributes ∆ Earnings High GDP growth Growing middle class and integration of informal economy can provide market growth > GDP growth for listed companies ∆ P/E Inefficient security pricing provides excellent entry and exit opportunities High risk-free rates limit P/E ratios, but over time these rates will decline and P/E ratios will rise Dividend Yield Frontier markets feature high dividend yields Frontier market companies often have high ROIC/ROE, allowing for both high earnings growth AND good dividend yields Frontier Markets offer potential for outsized returns 7







8

Frontier PEs often lower than emerging, developedSource: MSCI data on Bloomberg 8







9

Frontier price/book ratios also lowerSource: MSCI data on Bloomberg 9







10

Frontier companies pay much higher dividendsSource: MSCI data on Bloomberg 10







11

Highest ROEs in emerging, frontierSource: MSCI data on Bloomberg 11







12

Frontier markets total return 2.4x since 2003Source: MSCI 12







13

Frontier markets underperforming since GFCSource: MSCI 13







14

Current environment may provide additional benefitsDeveloped world macro events will continue to impact frontier markets, but frontier markets have some structural advantages: Developed Markets Frontier Markets Corporate Deleveraging Reduced ROE as capital structures are normalized Drag on GDP growth as banks normalize balance sheets Low corporate leverage ROEs are high due to competitive advantage, not unsustainable leverage Banks in many frontier countries are well capitalized and conservatively run Consumer retrenchment Falling asset values, economic fears, and reduced credit likely lead to a thrift mindset Emergence of consumers Growing middle class becoming first time consumers Consumer credit is in its infancy Increased government role in private sector Increased government ownership in the financial services industry coupled with fiscal policy could reduce innovation and productivity Privatization & growth of free enterprise In most frontier markets, governments are adopting free market policies and privatizing state-owned companies 14







15

How do we think about and manage risk?We aim to invest in countries that are stable or improving; however, country diversification is ultimately the main tool to manage general market risk. The two specific risks we actively manage are sudden currency devaluation and incorrect securities valuation. Risk Mitigating Action Currency devaluation Country Score of macroeconomic indicators helps identify high-risk countries Company valuation models account for projected devaluations based on inflation differentials Incorrect securities valuation We select only securities trading at a discount to intrinsic value, providing a margin of safety We strongly prefer relatively simple businesses that we are confident in valuing 15







16

Investors have these common concerns…Factors to consider Corruption, political, and macro risks We monitor a number of indices that quantify macro risks.  Generally, the risk metrics for frontier markets are similar to, not worse than, emerging markets. Financial information quality; fraud Many countries have adopted or are in the process of adopting the IFRS standard for financial reporting. Most of the publicly traded firms we invest in are audited by the Big 4. Counterparty risk Most of our securities are held through our global custodian or local subsidiaries of leading global banks. We do not use a prime broker, and thus do not have prime broker counterparty risk. Taxation and capital controls Frontier markets are similar to, but perhaps slightly better than, emerging markets in this area. Frontier markets typically do not have capital controls or levy taxes on capital gains.  Many frontier countries have no dividend withholding taxes, but if dividend taxes are withheld, rates tend to be 10% – 15%. Risks and investor issues faced in frontier markets are generally no worse than emerging markets 16







17

Frontier investors must choose a fund type…Larger Funds Boutiques Pros Brand name manager; safe choice No performance fee Frequent fund liquidity Often available without high minimum Cons Unless you know manager personally, you probably have not heard of them High fee Lockups May have high minimum Business continuity of manager less certain The trade off for large fund size, superior liquidity terms are investing liquidity constraints that eliminate many countries and shrink universe to a few hundred stocks The most-liquid stocks often trade at higher PEs Manager may need to buy what they can instead of what they want Personnel not always exclusive to fund Investable universe is a few thousand stocks A broad range of valuations is available within universe Best values and opportunities more likely to be investable Managers live and breathe frontier markets Conclusion Larger frontier funds may behave similar to frontier index, for better or for worse Boutique frontier funds can perform significantly different from an index, for better or for worse Outperformance necessary to overcome high fees 17







18

Frontier markets are illiquid; a potential source of returnRecent Ibbotson research shows: Illiquid stocks outperform liquid stocks significantly (see table) This liquidity effect is present in every size quartile and every value quartile (not shown) The liquidity effect appears stronger than the well-known small-cap effect The liquidity effect exists globally (US, UK, Europe, and Japan) Not only do illiquid stocks outperform, they do so with less volatility Quartile Geometric Mean Standard Deviation 1 – Illiquid 15.46% 19.81% 2 13.57% 20.08% 3 11.66% 22.91% 4 – Liquid 7.11% 27.32% US data from Source: Zhiwu Chen and Roger G. Ibbotson, Zebra Capital Management, LLC.  All rights reserved.   Cited in Ibbotson SBBI 2009 Classic Yearbook, Chapter 9.Liquidity Investing.  Chicago: Morningstar, 2009. We experience this liquidity effect firsthand in frontier markets and it can work for us or against us.  Double-digit percentage discounts or premiums are common when no one else is willing buy or sell. 18







19

Example of an actively managed frontier portfolioIndustry Holding Banks 32% Consumer Staples 17% Industrials 15% Consumer Discretionary 12% Cash 9% Telecommunication Services 6% Specialty Finance 3% Materials 2% Energy Diversified 1% Country Holding Vietnam 13% Nigeria USA (cash only) 8% Tanzania 7% Zimbabwe 5% Iraq Ukraine Serbia 4% United Arab Emirates Pakistan Cambodia Estonia 3% Botswana Senegal Country Holding Qatar 3% Lebanon Rwanda 2% Romania Kazakhstan Cote d’Ivoire 1% Ghana Oman Laos Papua New Guinea Montenegro Cyprus Zambia <1% Kenya Portfolio Statistics Portfolio Price to Earnings 6.2 Portfolio Price to Book 1.1 Portfolio Dividend Yield 5.1% Return on Ending Equity 21.7% Market, portfolio, and most recent 12 months of reported fundamental data as of January 31, Portfolio PE and PB are the harmonic means of all positions, weighted by position size. Portfolio dividend yield and return on ending equity (ROEE) are the means of all positions, weighted by position size. The yield on Frontaura Global Frontier Fund is less than our portfolio dividend yield due to cash held, withholding taxes, management fees, and operating expenses. At present, we retain all income, rather than distribute it. 19







20

Characteristics of companies we invest inIntelligent capital allocation High return on invested capital Track record of using free cash flow wisely Reasonable growth prospects Ample expansion opportunities Product or service that benefits from growing middle class Franchise characteristics High market share or growing market share in fragmented market Low competition and low threat of new entrants Reasonable pricing power over customers Low risk Positive free cash flow, often in excess of net income Predictable business model that can be forecasted easily Margin of safety: valuation at a discount of our estimate of intrinsic value 20







21

Past Investment Example: Millat TractorsBusiness Description: Leading tractor assembler in Pakistan, selling Massey Ferguson brand. Thesis: In 2008, relatively unknown. No research on the company; local brokers had never met management. Management buyout during privatization Favorable cash cycle; 100% upfront cash payment required when order placed. At time of initial purchase: - LTM P/E: 8.2 - Dividend Yield: 8.8% - 5-year ROE: 25% Source: Bloomberg MTL PA price and running sum of dividends received MTL PA price 21







22

Past Investment Example: Kingdom HotelsBusiness Description: Owns and operates luxury hotels in primarily emerging and frontier markets. Thesis: Unlike many real estate investments: - Low debt - Book stated at cost - Portfolio largely complete and generating revenue Stock oversold in 2008 due to misperceived exposure to Dubai real estate due to HQ location.  Over 90% of operations actually outside Dubai. At low, traded at $1.00 (0.15 book) Acquired at $5.00 Source: Bloomberg *Kingdom Hotels was listed in Dubai as KHI DU and also in London as KHI LI. 22







23

Current Investment Example: Swissport TanzaniaBusiness Description: Leading airport baggage and air cargo handling service in country of 47 million. Valuation Price: 1,740 TZS Intrinsic Value: 2,821 TZS Market Cap: $39 million LTM P/E: 8.4 Price /  Book: 6.3 Dividend Yield 9.4% ROE: 74.6% Debt / Equity: 35% Investment Thesis: Global carriers gradually increasing flights to Tanzania. High returns on capital and oversight of multinational parent. Source: Bloomberg SWISSPOR TZ price and running sum of dividends received SWISSPOR TZ price Market data current  through 31 January 2013, and fundamental data current  through 30 June 2012. 23







24

Disclaimer This document is confidential and is for the exclusive use of the original recipient only.  No portion of this document may be reproduced without the written permission of Frontaura Capital LLC. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy the membership interests described herein.  No such offer or solicitation will be made prior to the delivery of a definitive offering memorandum and other materials relating to the matters herein.  Before making an investment decision with respect to the LLC, potential investors are advised to read carefully the offering memorandum, the LLC operating agreement and the related subscription documents, and to consult with their tax, legal, and financial advisors. This document contains a preliminary summary of the purpose and principal business terms of the LLC; this summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed discussion contained in the private offering memorandum and the actual text of the LLC operating agreement.  The LLC managing member has the ability in its sole discretion to change the strategy described herein. This document is being provided to you on a confidential basis solely to assist you in deciding whether or not to proceed with a further investigation of an investment in Frontaura Global Frontier Fund LLC.  Accordingly, this document may not be reproduced in whole or in part, and may not be delivered to any person without prior written consent of Frontaura Capital LLC. FRONTAURA CAPITAL LLC FRONTAURA GLOBAL FRONTIER FUND LLC © Frontaura Capital LLC 24










Download ppt "Managing Frontier Market Portfolios"








Ppt on obesity management matrix
Ppt on layer 3 switching explained
Ppt on biodegradable and non biodegradable materials problems
Ppt on power system harmonics books
Ppt on ram and rom definition
Ppt on sigma and pi bonds
Ppt on aircraft landing gear system ppt
Ppt on area of parallelogram and triangles geometry
Ppt on regular expression in javascript
Ppt on line drawing algorithms














Similar presentations            








Prudential Balanced Fund (PRUBF1) November 2011 Fixed information Licensed Date: 5 October 2006 Listing date: 4 December 2006 Base Currency: VND Tenure:












Stock Terminology (continued) Investors make money in stocks in two ways: –Dividends Companies may make payment to shareholders as part of the profits.












19-1 Financial Markets and Investment Strategies Chapter 19.











Chapter 9 An Introduction to Security Valuation. 2 The Investment Decision Process Determine the required rate of return Evaluate the investment to determine.











The basics of mutual fund investing Delivered by:.











Multinational Cost of Capital & Capital Structure.











© 2012 Cengage Learning. All Rights Reserved. May not scanned, copied or duplicated, or posted to a publicly accessible website, in whole or in part. Chapter.












Chapter 7 Stocks (Equity) – Characteristics and Valuation 1.











Copyright © 2003 South-Western/Thomson Learning All rights reserved. Chapter 6 Investment Companies.











Investments Vicentiu Covrig 1 Mutual Funds ( chapter 4)











Common Stocks: Analysis and Strategy











1 FIN 408 International Investment Factors affecting Risk and Return Size and Number of International Open-end Funds Global market Correlations Correlation.











Chapter © 2010 South-Western, Cengage Learning Investing in Mutual Funds, Real Estate, and Other Choices Investing in Mutual Funds 14.











G:\CS\UK\2007\!P\Gen07\HottestofthehotOct07 – James Henderson V4.ppt Can UK Equity Income funds keep providing good capital and income growth? Wednesday.











Chapter 4 Return and Risks.











For Professional Investors only – Not for public distribution The illiquidity argument – ways in which an inflation-plus return can be achieved using illiquid.











Copyright ©2004 Pearson Education, Inc. All rights reserved. Chapter 14 Stock Analysis and Valuation.











© Prentice Hall, Chapter 15 Dividend Policy Shapiro and Balbirer: Modern Corporate Finance: A Multidisciplinary Approach to Value Creation Graphics.











Ratio Analysis…. Types of ratios…  Performance Ratios: Return on capital employed. (Income Statement and Balance Sheet) Gross profit margin (Income Statement)











An Introduction to. An Introduction to What are Mutual Funds? Mutual funds are a type of investment that takes money from many investors and uses it.












Similar presentations                                    















                    Presentation is loading. Please wait....
                    


                        OK


                                                            Chapter 9 An Introduction to Security Valuation. 2 The Investment Decision Process Determine the required rate of return Evaluate the investment to determine.                                                    











About project
SlidePlayer
Terms of Service


Feedback
Privacy Policy
Feedback


© 2017 SlidePlayer.com Inc. All rights reserved.







Search







Ads by Google





















Hedge fund awards 2015 by AI Global Media - issuu



















































issuu company logo
issuu












            Explore
        






                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            









            Publisher Plans
        




















Close







                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            












        Sign up
    

        Sign in
    

        Sign in
    




InfoSaveLikeShareDownloadMoreHedge fund awards 2015  Published on Jan 27, 2015  aiglobalmediaFollowRead moreRead moreSimilar toPopular nowJust for youGo explore








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Barron's Market Lab Table - Barrons.com





































WSJ

WSJ



WSJ Live

WSJ Live



MarketWatch

MarketWatch



Barron's

Barron's
Facebook
Twitter





Product X

Product X









djx


rt


f


r&c


pe&vc


wsj


b






More


BigCharts


Financial News


Professor Journal


SmartMoney


Student Journal


Virtual Stock Exchange


WSJ Classifieds


WSJ Classroom


WSJ Radio


WSJ Wine









Search









	
 
	
			
			
			
					
					
						
							headline
						
						
							
							   goldman
							
												
					
				
					
					
						
							Companies
						
						
							
								
									GOLD
								
								
									Ran
									gold Resources Ltd. ADS
								
								
									U.S.
								
							
												
														
				
			
			
				
					
						View All Search Results »
					
				
			
			
		





































Subscribe
Log In






Welcome, 
Customer Center
Logout
Live Help






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Inside Scoop
Q&A



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center


Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's Next

































MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 2016 








Hedge Fund Performance
This table gives performance data for hedge funds that have reported assets for the month to the Morningstar Hedge Fund Database. The returns are net of fees. The funds are listed alphabetically. (The Morningstar Hedge Fund Database is the sole source of Hedge Fund and CTA data for Barron's.alternativeinvestments.morningstar.com
For inclusion in the Morningstar Database and for further information, please email 
Hedgefunds@Morningstar.com  , or call (312) 384-4039.)

      Funds of Funds
       
      | 
      
      Commodity Trading Advisors
      


Type/FundJuly % ReturnYTD % Return12 Month Percentage Return3 Year Percentage Return5 Year Percentage Return12 Month Annualized Standard Deviation12-Month % Maximum DrawdownAssets(07/31/2016) 


CISDM Equal Weighted Hedge Fund Index1.983.09


1060 Capital Opportunity Fund, LP0.7411.0317.2863.01...14.86-4.92...


1C Investment Fund I, LP3.18-5.65-5.92-0.37...12.73-12.591,290,000


36ONE Offshore Portfolio-0.74-3.32-1.5516.7055.937.20-4.93132,000,000


8 Dragons China Opportunities0.50-4.235.32......10.54-7.7514,000,000


ABRAX Merger Arbitrage Sgrgtd Ptfl SPC C-2.091.0012.5243.43...10.11-5.9294,439,267


ABRAX Merger Arbitrage Sgrgtd Ptfl SPC D-2.081.00...............11,546,947


Absolute Return Global Opportunities A3.6212.21...............3,006,926


Absolute Return Global Opportunities B5.89-1.20...............7,330,850


Access Turkey LLC-8.07-0.522.61-28.6514.7125.73-13.4127,331,135


Accretive Capital Partners, LLC3.365.3030.831.2819.1218.02-4.6524,000,000


ACK Asset Partners LP2.386.713.1327.0946.708.01-7.19387,000,000


ACL Global Fund Limited4.665.85-0.0648.7970.5414.97-10.8292,020,460


AD Capital GEM Fund Ltd3.9823.1418.929.046.4316.10-7.6956,230,000


AD Greater China Alpha Fund1.363.176.7748.2655.574.41-1.905,392,000


Advisory Research Energy Fund-0.245.89-13.04-39.86-41.1525.50-25.7076,449,056


AFINA Affinity Fund LP5.7013.153.10......18.50-13.421,243,830


Agilith Long Only Fund4.26-1.29-5.42......16.08-11.5718,471,817


AHF Credit Opportunities Series A2.087.902.19......6.57-7.042,697,713


AHF Credit Opportunities Series F2.158.293.04......6.41-6.4313,272,440


AHF Credit Opportunities Series I2.809.744.73......6.78-6.031,652,388


AHF Credit Opportunities Sr Prescribed A2.087.902.19............2,792,762


AHF Credit Opportunities Sr Prescribed F2.158.293.04............12,995,613


AIS Balanced Fund LP1.2017.4613.07-6.36-23.8914.18-6.3726,198,083


AIS Futures Fund II LP 2X-4X-8.346.72-10.40-55.54-68.1820.15-18.206,981,894


AIS Futures Fund LP 3X-6X-12.1011.36-15.24-71.64-84.0730.16-26.7215,794,843


AKAMATSU BONSAI FUND JPY CLASS A2.53-0.87-2.9252.09124.5117.39-11.86...


AKAMATSU BONSAI FUND USD CLASS B2.57-1.01-3.1650.55115.6017.54-12.33...


Alambic's Colombard Fund, LP1.963.1019.2742.63...9.16-4.33109,695,789


Alambic's Colombard Offshore Fund Ltd1.922.7618.6139.50...9.19-4.4846,042,591


Aleutian Fund6.59-3.47-0.0210.75...17.32-11.91...


All Seasons Global Alpha Funds6.6211.462.78-3.74...16.97-13.398,823,188


Allard Growth Fund5.077.641.9510.8910.7215.41-12.53421,000,000


Allard Investment Fund3.293.21-1.8426.8651.7010.45-10.95119,000,000


Alpha II Long/Short Equity Strategy-0.127.9510.51......14.30-6.02...


AlphaGen Capella Fund Limited (Class A)0.06-5.71-6.636.6227.555.33-6.9169,882,632


AlphaGen Capella Fund Limited (Class B)-0.05-6.17-7.206.1429.625.37-7.20...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Class B0.35-1.480.5715.2229.433.97-2.21...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Class C0.47-1.031.3316.9032.513.95-2.20...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Limited (Class A)0.46-0.931.3116.3031.373.84-2.03430,320,042


AlphaGen Perseus Fund Class B0.33-3.98-5.072.31...3.50-5.39...


AlphaGen Perseus Fund Class C0.39-3.38-4.493.91...3.43-4.85...


AlphaGen Perseus Fund Class F0.35-3.82-5.212.10...3.44-5.53...


AlphaGen Perseus Fund Limited (Class A)0.36-3.54-4.723.14...3.46-5.06...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Limited (Class A)2.91-1.73-4.95-0.02...9.59-8.21483,096,955


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class D)2.87-2.222.166.47...9.58-6.20...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class E)2.74-2.72-6.54-3.03...9.53-9.54...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class F)2.90-2.36-5.66-1.79...9.72-8.92...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd Class B2.79-2.47-6.11-1.779.289.55-9.22469,694,502


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd Class C2.95-2.08-5.20-0.29...9.72-8.55...


Alto Global Fund-0.515.698.5524.7358.539.55-4.53...


Altree Africa Opportunities Fd SAC Ltd-2.58-16.45-28.94-40.87-33.9113.24-28.9467,200,000


AM Capital8.68-21.77-56.46-60.39-58.7744.69-59.942,100,443


Amazon Market Neutral0.86-14.600.6828.8529.8316.97-17.27279,582,254


Anaxis Sabre Style Arbitrage Fd Ltd EUR2.88-0.631.8728.11...6.12-4.24...


Anaxis Sabre Style Arbitrage Fund - USD2.97-0.251.60......6.40-4.24...


Anson Investments Master Fund LP0.700.7115.2865.6755.586.47-1.25154,400,000


Apis Global Deep Value, LP3.1213.0617.0469.8698.1211.84-5.90...


Apis Offshore Capital, Ltd.3.285.655.5029.7167.8210.45-7.08...


Apollo Structured Opportunities Fund A10.000.000.00......0.00......


Apprecia Capital Fund I LP5.295.068.9633.7899.5618.27-11.029,362,158


APQ Emerging Markets Value and Income Fd6.0618.834.38......19.55-16.326,000,000


APS ASIA PACIFIC LONG SHORT (CAYMAN) A-0.10-4.101.5342.8751.3918.96-13.58274304015.00


APS ASIA PACIFIC LONG SHORT (CAYMAN) B-0.16-4.520.8240.1252.8418.95-13.6962180654.00


APS Greater China Long/Short Fund A0.45-10.27-7.4553.6050.9129.97-23.6867663402.00


AQS Frontiers Fund Limited-1.50-8.96-13.55......9.76-13.5586973650.00


Arbiter Partners Class C-0.63-6.43-7.74-4.6640.7920.42-16.08686000000.00


Ardsley Partners Fund II LP3.73-4.99-17.15-3.623.7918.33-23.68514185571.00


Ardsley Partners Renewable Energy LP3.624.69-7.8613.4718.1714.17-17.32130487476.00


Argonaut Global Equities Partnership LP0.22-30.10-36.02-4.73-17.6619.62-36.1621000000.00


Argonaut Global Macro Fund Ltd0.98-7.56-13.03-9.80-11.187.77-15.357000000.00


Argonaut Macro Partnership, LP1.16-6.80-11.70-5.63-7.127.83-14.3933000000.00


Aristeia International Limited0.815.831.300.4923.125.26-6.111653166831.00


Aristeia Partners, L.P. Unrestricted0.815.781.280.5223.105.26-6.131057271099.00


Aristides Fund LP3.17-1.941.9214.9453.715.93-5.2864800000.00


Aroya Investment Partners, LP Class A0.316.507.6424.94...27.13-17.10...


Aroya Investment Partners, LP Class B0.396.568.0326.53...26.33-16.78...


Arteaga Global Partners, LP0.877.464.626.4915.206.63-4.5335000000.00


Artorius Offshore Investments Ltd0.330.834.1120.6533.982.33-0.5931268000.00


Artorius Partners II, LP0.361.034.3621.7436.642.30-0.5660869000.00


Ascend Partners Fund I LP0.00-4.84-4.739.1911.533.18-4.847129805.00


Ascend Partners Fund I Ltd-0.02-4.94-4.948.619.503.15-4.9791577880.00


Ascend Partners Fund II BPO Ltd0.09-4.76-4.698.8810.543.26-4.96132372721.00


Ascend Partners Fund II LP0.12-4.67-4.519.8811.823.34-4.97665047973.00


Ascend Partners Fund II Ltd0.11-4.69-4.579.3911.933.25-4.92459622702.00


Ashford Capital Partners LP7.1917.5620.9946.1486.5319.46-10.1396688337.00


Asian Trade Finance Fund0.533.806.59......0.10......


Aston Hill Opportunities Fund Sr A1.95-1.70-5.5310.95...5.50-8.95883596.00


Aston Hill Opportunities Fund Sr F2.04-1.21-4.5913.81...5.52-8.20121760.00


Aston Hill Opportunities Fund Sr Y2.04-1.23-4.5817.7149.995.56-8.21726056.00


Asuka Opportunities Offshore Tr II JPY-0.89-3.79-3.5922.0140.554.50-4.99140993504.00


Athanase Industrial Partners Fd II E SEK3.244.24..................


Auctus Fund LLC0.6014.3824.78289.33...3.46...6134000.00


Avondale Conquest I2.900.90-1.698.6112.516.18-5.6125129000.00


Baker Street Capital Partners LP2.00-70.18-86.09......48.58-86.36146000000.00


Balestra Capital Partners LP-0.42-8.92-2.52-9.89-6.567.12-9.48130000000.00


Baobab Global Fund Quarterly4.0017.295.3610.4356.2018.73-16.466241098.00


Barington Companies Equity Partners L.P.6.027.82..................


Barnegat Investments Ltd - Class B3.153.715.5128.9590.156.67-3.71683055546.00


Barrington Opportunity Fund, LP4.4214.2117.3920.3948.4825.15-14.952677682.00


Bay II Resource Partners LP3.901.530.7916.6931.0913.07-9.261017000000.00


Bay Resource Partners LP3.303.111.2716.4626.5212.23-9.211128000000.00


Bay Resource Partners Offshore Fund Ltd4.501.32-0.3116.0429.9013.56-9.972113000000.00


Bayard Global High Dividend Yield Fd LP4.494.834.8330.8443.5812.67-5.9933364396.00


BCM Weston, L.P.5.3612.656.6437.3996.1725.34-19.2877824000.00


BDC Fund II1.874.524.93-3.71-10.9810.72-9.713443858.00


Bensboro Seasonal Futures Fund, L.P.2.87-2.64-3.69......14.41-11.833067603.00


Big Dividend Hedge Strategy4.234.911.8125.9748.0414.83-9.8920962712.00


Black Diamond Arb Partners LP (Carlson)1.115.5310.7526.6833.873.74-1.71...


Black Diamond Arbitrage Ltd (Carlson)1.085.139.6320.1023.883.91-1.91...


Black Diamond Ltd (Carlson)1.150.82-2.3111.3322.025.38-6.71...


Black Diamond Partners LP (Carlson)1.171.20-1.7310.9223.185.44-6.40...


Black Diamond Rel Val LP (Carlson)2.69-0.79-2.004.0914.495.86-5.48...


Black Diamond Rel Val Ltd (Carlson)2.67-0.93-2.282.4911.525.87-5.69...


Blackhorse Emerging Enterprises7.4320.077.87-10.378.1119.66-17.3277200000.00


Blau Capital Master Fund, LP0.115.959.11......5.02-0.85...


Blue Opportunity Fund LP2.827.369.5149.2493.495.04-3.14...


Bluebird Funds LP0.18-0.760.6020.0560.022.43-2.7570218226.00


BMO Canadian Alpha Plus Fund - Advisor3.824.32-5.7221.3440.9610.83-13.641369809.00


BMO Canadian Alpha Plus Fund - Series F3.915.89-3.84......10.61-12.351035.00


BNP Paribas China RMB Bond HKD0.943.15-1.502.399.848.70-6.0315548958.00


BNP Paribas China RMB Bond RMB0.484.095.0310.8113.764.14-2.57...


BNP Paribas China RMB Bond USD0.923.02-1.602.3310.338.84-6.01...


Boronia Diversified Program0.8511.1814.6828.5628.6911.85-5.3246000000.00


Braddock Partners LP3.345.521.6045.28129.8812.24-7.31349727842.00


Braddock Partners Offshore Ltd3.805.781.8042.85126.7014.69-8.7421051926.00


Bradford Capital, L.P.3.144.16-1.788.1722.5711.61-10.8523000000.00


Brasada Long-Short Equity Fund, LP0.400.88-4.250.654.949.90-10.5627539590.00


Bravia Brazil4.4924.29-7.05-61.81-68.0942.98-34.201889359.00


Bravia Equities Fund LP4.3323.39-6.94-61.26...41.30-33.3013537714.00


Bravia Equities Fund Ltd3.7518.87-9.39-62.10...37.25-31.96667885.00


Bresser Fund -Brazil Equities5.5528.6413.688.943.3724.60-13.4248785321.00


Bresser Fund -Brazil Equities Hedge1.1613.168.222.842.1528.26-16.634343234.00


Bresser Fund -Brazil Equities Hedge Plus1.2015.0410.053.77-0.6210.92-4.815288675.00


Brevan Howard Fund Limited A GBP-1.12-2.30-5.85-4.499.875.29-5.97...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class A EUR-1.19-2.91-6.69-5.637.995.47-6.69...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class A USD-1.12-2.22-6.00-5.238.525.47-6.02...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B EUR-1.19-2.89-6.68-5.956.455.49-6.68...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B GBP-1.12-2.40-6.07-4.818.335.45-6.20...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B JPY-1.20-2.95-6.85-5.896.545.48-6.85...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B USD-1.12-2.24-6.02-5.347.215.46-6.04...


Bridgewater All Weather 12% Strategy2.8713.243.9215.5129.9310.73-9.425984000000.00


Bridgewater Pure Alpha Strat 12% Vol0.17-7.67-11.500.156.636.96-11.658557000000.00


Bridgewater Pure Alpha Strat 18% Vol0.17-11.69-17.29-1.108.9710.41-17.4329497000000.00


Brightlight Capital Partners LP2.04-6.310.3034.9766.299.19-9.47...


Brightline Capital Partners, LP3.3318.21...............79000000.00


Bristol Gate US Div Gr Offshore SP A USD3.070.09-1.79......13.16-7.72...


Bristol Gate US Div Gr Offshore SP F USD3.150.67-0.81......13.17-7.56...


Broad Vision Steady 14.87-3.134.3646.6175.0732.20-23.67...


Broadmark Dynmc Enhnd Eqty Alpha Strgy4.830.042.249.6924.0711.75-6.1290506045.00


Broadwalk Select Services Fund Limited4.30-9.84-8.8735.2885.0514.03-13.5662126164.00


Brompton Energy Oppo Series 20100.8530.06-4.54-31.18-52.1724.32-26.60626378.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities 20090.8530.07-4.53-31.08-52.0924.32-26.601298128.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities Cl A0.8429.95-4.67-31.58-52.5024.31-26.64215940.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities Cl F0.9030.64-3.77-30.09-50.5024.33-26.341034430.00


Bronte Capital Callisto Fund LP4.401.321.9917.4665.7410.85-5.1315200000.00


Canepa Short-Term High Yield Offs Fd,SPC1.897.171.264.3514.246.73-8.3791541000.00


Canepa Short-Term High Yield Onsh Fd,LLC1.887.362.888.7822.586.72-7.161145000.00


Canterbury Growth Fund Ltd4.50-5.82-11.461.39-8.2116.16-19.002200000.00


Capital Returns, LP7.45-4.57-2.1016.8550.8517.28-12.27...


Capricorn GEM Fund A USD-3.00-16.65-4.2917.6862.8215.49-18.3898820500.00


Capstone Vol (Offshore) Limited1.986.627.798.6818.543.84-1.3990300000.00


Caritas Royalties Fund (Bermuda) Ltd0.140.97-1.9930.2649.261.31-2.9354470855.00


Caritas Royalty Fund LLC0.660.11-3.2329.1248.033.00-4.3229238931.00


Cassiopeia Fund - Class A0.532.724.482.0931.975.06-2.5036579183.00


Cassiopeia Fund - Class B0.622.964.831.9230.655.15-2.5946370310.00


Cassiopeia Fund - Class C0.522.454.300.7328.925.18-2.6272730943.00


Cassiopeia Fund - Class D0.462.404.02-0.2826.835.30-2.57105421683.00


Cassiopeia Fund - Class E0.542.324.00......5.13-2.591935439537.00


Catalysis Partners LLC4.833.52-1.35-10.05-0.3911.58-12.7327167200.00


Cavendish Investment Partners LP1.025.855.03......11.71-6.48...


CC Asia Absolute Return Fund7.754.775.52-9.71-6.4611.30-4.1562000000.00


CC&L Q Market Neutral2.134.8319.8956.72...10.12-3.801135400000.00


CCI Technology Partners, L.P.-0.281.12-1.6517.9126.516.72-6.79...


Cedar Ridge Investors Fund I LP2.7011.2913.2811.9835.356.20-3.3428342196.00


Cedar Ridge Short Term Fund, LP0.111.671.503.1712.501.03-0.8410785081.00


Cedar Street Offshore Fund LTD (Class A)3.793.691.529.9335.2511.31-7.7917600000.00


Cedar Street Offshore Fund LTD (Class C)1.871.272.107.6221.966.97-4.4718200000.00


Cedar Street Onshore Fund LP (Class A)3.693.631.9510.7435.5511.28-7.6412800000.00


Cedar Street Onshore Fund LP (Class B)1.861.452.257.6021.916.93-4.4512400000.00


Cedar Street Teton Fund CL A1.337.605.9046.57...9.70-6.8474800000.00


Cederberg Greater China Equity A6.95-2.96-3.7532.85...26.74-17.44119623517.00


Changjiang Absolute Return China Fund A0.32-21.16-26.42-23.65...21.02-26.9912000000.00


Cheyne European Event Driven Fd A Euro-0.49-6.21-13.27-4.07-0.4110.79-13.74293253498.00


Cheyne Real Estate Credit Holdings Fd A0.133.2910.7036.61...4.24...339646111.00


Cheyne Real Estate Credit Holdings III0.40-0.873.19...............


Cheyne Real Estate Debt Fund A1 GBP-0.47-2.04-1.7112.2830.632.31-2.08...


Cheyne Total Return Credit Fund 12/20196.6718.988.3045.23...30.48-19.3737921631.00


Cheyne Total Return Credit Fund-2017/124.1931.091.46...............


Chilton Investment Partners, L.P.0.65-6.91-3.9518.5556.438.29-7.51106000000.00


Chilton QP European Partners, L.P.2.65-3.96-1.389.1634.747.85-6.44314000000.00


China Absolute Fund Limited-0.35-5.38-4.0025.66...14.31-7.8648200000.00


China Alpha II Fund Limited2.57-0.88-2.4454.9059.037.31-4.92380200000.00


China Resources SZITIC Congrong Growth 24.89-11.45-16.9437.3550.1824.01-26.05...


China Resources SZITIC Congrong Growth 31.88-15.40-21.4430.0642.3022.97-26.98...


China Resources SZITIC Wudang Trust 14-1.82-19.33-8.1932.4513.2622.79-20.86...


Cinda Taicheng Longwu 1-0.10.....................


CIRRUS CAPITAL PARTNERS LP1.172.084.6714.2634.083.16-1.406400000.00


CITIC RongHui Select 30.27-3.87-31.98...............


CITIC Ronghui Select 3-10.00-4.11-12.48...............


CITIC YanHang 1-1.13-7.91-7.27......9.61-8.64...


Civetta Fund SICAV SIF S.A. EUR8.7025.899.3514.31...20.98-14.7033000000.00


CKC Credit Opportunity Fund0.452.033.4332.32...0.38......


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 EUR2.737.24-0.79-1.6738.0410.26-7.49...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 GBP2.837.04-0.61-1.3639.9210.59-7.14...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 USD2.737.40-0.63-1.1038.1410.42-7.47...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A2 GBP2.847.05-0.60-1.3639.9310.61-7.15...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A2 USD2.757.41-0.62-1.0937.7110.43-7.48...


Claritas G4 Fund - Brazil Equity Value0.0025.612.88-36.95-55.1432.40-23.164763808.00


Claritas G4 Fund Brazil L/S Mkt Neutral-0.21-2.85-2.01-13.78-13.104.68-3.772584379.00


Coast Value Fund I Ltd1.836.096.427.764.903.83-2.3225726000.00


Coherence Capital Spectrum Master,Ltd2.206.0910.2126.45...3.64-2.0297200000.00


COMPOUND Capital Investment Fund L.P.10.16-2.03-15.84-9.6515.5824.16-24.3428825043.00


Connective Capital Emerging Energy QP, L0.804.56-0.1859.3023.0615.67-12.3811624086.00


Connective Capital I Offshore Fund Ltd0.401.621.4918.075.119.03-6.744326000.00


Connective Capital I QP LP0.552.312.5621.089.848.33-5.8224612294.00


Consumer Metrics L.P.2.14-1.12-14.48-18.92-8.0212.03-21.105150267.00


Context BH Partners LP Class C2.604.5213.3145.5471.425.59-3.21...


Context BH Partners, LP2.604.5013.9248.6283.565.71-3.2166800000.00


Continental Healthcare Fund4.186.376.6126.1875.3016.00-10.58100619000.00


Continental Opportunities Fund6.538.671.53-7.6218.7619.41-14.2439217000.00


Continental Partners, L.P.6.27-5.05-9.92-2.9937.6818.89-18.05119761000.00


Contrarian Capital Fund I3.545.10-2.239.0438.878.07-10.24259264316.00


CONTRARIAN EM OFFSHORE FUND, LTD.7.071.357.0728.6640.4311.05-7.73...


Contrarian Emerging Markets, L.P.7.071.357.0728.6640.4311.05-7.73...


Contrarian Fund I Offshore3.548.852.089.0438.878.07-10.24...


CoreCommodity Program - Founders I, LLC-4.238.78-9.25-32.45-47.2317.06-20.30239000000.00


CoreCommodity Program-Diversified I,LLC4.9218.591.11-22.61-41.3715.23-17.751017000000.00


Corre Opportunities Fund LP3.4420.157.2324.8544.6313.11-14.8773806466.00


Corsair Capital Partners LP3.103.47-4.394.4617.3611.24-12.20916000000.00


Corsair Select, L.P.2.303.39-8.245.7722.2317.26-18.80367000000.00


CQS ABS Feeder Fund Ltd Class B CHF2.34-0.73-4.837.2328.667.25-11.66...


CQS ABS Feeder Fund Ltd Class B EUR2.36-0.58-4.308.2230.757.21-11.24...


CQS ABS Feeder Fund Ltd Class B GBP2.45-0.33-3.789.5732.447.36-11.10...


CQS ABS Feeder Fund Ltd Class B USD2.44-0.14-3.769.0330.897.25-11.05...


Crawford Lake Enhanced Onshore Fund LP2.9712.6925.50......6.66-0.36...


Crawford Lake Offshore Partners, Ltd.1.425.55...............32000000.00


Crawford Lake Onshore Partners LP1.425.6711.1033.6369.413.48-0.35...


Crctrust Fulin Trust 4-0.020.011.09492.57596.095.37-2.57...


Crctrust Wudang Steady Growth-2.05-17.36-8.4655.6930.6719.99-18.19...


Credence Global1.537.7414.0857.87123.343.38-0.2649850000.00


Crescat Global Macro Composite-0.890.9510.1146.6558.279.44-5.8529717129.00


Crescat Long/Short Fund LP-0.181.445.8536.6653.977.27-4.554850771.00


CRM Global Opportunities1.272.443.5614.3321.334.18-2.0369400263.00


Crosslink Emerging Growth Fund, L.P.1.76-2.542.3424.9331.5911.54-9.74562000000.00


Crosslink Partners Fund LP2.10-2.382.2423.1929.7811.09-9.4788000000.00


CSI CHINA A-SHARE QFII FUND LTD HKD0.01-19.82-28.32......26.44-28.41213305159.00


Curvature Market Neutral Fund Class A0.121.693.3319.0535.302.76-0.719708000.00


Curvature Market Neutral Fund Class F0.192.184.4222.2941.522.78-0.64...


Cuttyhunk Fund II Limited Unrestricted3.69-1.08-11.140.7216.3216.98-17.6810000000.00


DAFNA LifeScience Ltd6.09-2.93-5.8724.22117.9621.97-20.93104939000.00


DAFNA LifeScience Select Ltd6.36-4.06-6.9429.75138.1123.15-22.2267108000.00


Derns Market Opportunity Fund, LP2.352.80-4.260.129.248.52-10.7921000000.00


DGHM Enhanced Value4.168.97-0.577.9934.979.98-10.3115093794.00


DGHM Enhanced Value Ltd4.168.53-1.685.4830.7110.10-11.024943790.00


DGXT Huixin Fushun 1-3.47-12.81-5.38......17.45-13.47...


DGXT Pearl Trust 15.05-16.54-19.38-25.31...31.59-24.01...


Diamond A Partners LP0.38-2.7620.3242.56109.3539.97-28.9927800000.00


Diamond Capital Fund3.703.574.2229.0150.1115.05-7.2022741662.00


DKAM Capital Ideas Fund LP1.95-7.79-17.0548.9385.2215.45-18.64258200000.00


DongGuan Huixin Golden Lily Trust 10.60-15.30-1.2289.47...34.06-19.52...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde 7-0.06-17.16-20.50......19.00-20.50...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 10.11-16.81-16.5936.37...18.39-16.96...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 30.15-16.78-20.50......20.14-20.82...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 60.43-16.20-15.11......18.10-16.59...


DongGuan Huixin Huizheng 1-1.01-4.97-3.03171.45...18.77-13.58...


DongGuan Huixin JingHen Pioneer Trust-3.91-11.89-15.57......21.10-16.19...


DongGuan Huixin JingLin Trust 17.305.064.89......17.26-10.10...


DongGuan Huixin Rabbit 22.53-4.56-7.35......15.32-13.11...


DongGuan Huixin Xincheng 1-0.27-17.97-12.38......20.42-18.49...


DongGuan Rabbit 52.42-3.46-2.02......16.16-10.02...


Doric Asia Pacific Small Cap Fd4.00-0.64-2.1049.7771.8614.83-14.93218000000.00


Dorset Energy Fund Ltd Series A0.5748.214.01-34.35-36.4350.48-38.60103700000.00


Dorset Fund-0.087.3812.11......13.77-7.404000000.00


Double Black Diamond LP (Carlson)1.170.73-0.4211.3924.584.40-4.23...


Double Black Diamond Ltd (Carlson)1.050.50-0.719.9721.054.34-4.28...


Double Haven Asia Absolute Bond Fund2.896.751.877.10...6.79-7.11...


Downtown Associates I, L.P.-1.8413.008.3011.86-4.3012.63-4.9137901981.00


Downtown Associates II, L.P.-2.7912.7710.0715.391.9212.96-4.7129401695.00


Dwight Securities Fund, LLC2.495.1511.20......2.79-0.2649164770.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance1.93-1.64-3.1211.0115.164.69-5.81131008643.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series FH1.98-1.57-2.7511.5717.424.89-5.50...


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series H1.88-1.99-3.578.1811.664.62-6.06...


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series T1.93-1.74-3.2310.8414.924.77-5.906793608.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance Sr F1.99-1.08-2.2613.9320.724.67-5.34273588822.00


Dynamic Credit Absolute Return A0.330.075.48......7.33-4.76915522.00


Dynamic Credit Absolute Return F0.410.826.94......7.48-4.6512593987.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opp Fund A34.920.36-9.92......12.98-20.492667188.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opp Fund F34.961.02-8.92......12.94-20.00319607.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opportunities A4.980.41-9.85......12.97-20.451234958.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opportunities F5.121.02-8.70......12.88-19.818034533.00


Dynamic Income Opportunities2.852.07-0.8526.4640.276.58-8.2016278346.00


Dynamic Income Opportunity Series F2.952.690.2729.7946.766.64-7.6326558713.00


Dynamic Multi Strategy Hedge Fund A0.40-12.95-8.03......12.74-16.83244000.00


Dynamic Multi Strategy Hedge Fund F0.36-12.42-6.786.15...13.33-16.841786000.00


Dynamic Offshore Fund Ltd-2.01-9.95-9.3040.6620.7119.98-14.41242000000.00


Eachwin Investments LP - C-Interests1.822.243.4523.32...13.74-8.49...


Eagle I LP4.39-4.27-9.506.32-0.5716.06-17.9615000000.00


East Coast Invest Grade II Fd Class G0.977.834.955.27...7.22-4.73...


East Coast Invest Grade II Fd Class U0.887.113.90......7.10-5.14...


East Coast Investment Grade II Fd Cla A0.897.264.464.63...7.07-4.75...


East Coast Investment Grade II Fd Cla F0.957.725.287.04...7.05-4.35...


East Coast Investment Grade Income Fund0.765.701.20......6.50-6.34...


ECF Value Fund II LP6.7026.434.219.0546.2322.83-25.30978700000.00


ECF Value Fund International Ltd6.6625.612.926.3740.7622.96-25.81400600000.00


ECF Value Fund LP6.7226.314.088.8646.3622.89-25.39431600000.00


Ecofin Vista Long/Short Fund0.28-5.08-8.948.74...8.69-11.51...


ECP Emerging Europe Value Fund0.397.362.10-11.81-36.5312.58-6.4813000000.00


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class A5.5017.853.465.59...24.27-20.81...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class B5.9917.782.612.35...24.60-21.48...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class C5.3117.533.886.09...24.00-20.22...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class D5.6917.362.954.00...24.29-20.88...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class E5.2617.584.535.55...23.83-19.72...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class F5.6317.523.662.84...24.15-20.43...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class G5.4517.183.373.89...24.07-20.68...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class H5.8717.032.461.64...24.38-21.35...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class I5.6017.713.354.64...24.42-21.10...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class J6.1317.672.391.50...24.85-21.88...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class K5.3617.173.588.17...24.00-20.46...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class L5.2717.102.635.48...24.34-21.22...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class M5.2716.723.435.31...23.73-20.15...


Edelweiss Volatility Fund Ltd Class N5.7416.632.481.78...24.11-20.89...


Eden Alpha, Limited Partnership3.69-1.761.4236.12...20.21-11.3820000000.00


EHP Advantage Fund3.087.03-0.5447.87...9.62-8.99...


EIP Overlay Fd0.00-3.92-2.841.887.576.42-4.0611743863.00


ELARA FIXED INCOME FUND6.8231.88-0.40......21.00-25.72...


Electron Global Fund, LP2.090.372.1528.51...7.20-4.64...


Eleven Fund3.4413.026.3414.71...9.40-7.7612000000.00


Elliott Aggressive Long/Short Fund7.837.69-23.28......38.91-33.56...


Elysium India Fund4.1715.738.18102.33...12.92-8.85...


EMC Alpha Program2.3910.677.2029.14...8.07-3.14127192151.00


Endeavour Pembroke Fund Limited2.745.041.5829.5415.628.15-6.9734200000.00


Enhanced China Index Fund1.15-3.46-13.386.46-3.7224.45-23.6413466344.00


Enhanced Indonesia Index Fund0.0016.7212.82-5.71-16.2427.60-21.0015058853.00


Enhanced Malaysia Index Fund0.007.79-2.33-17.68-12.3524.50-17.2338343459.00


Enhanced Philippine Index Fund0.0013.102.3614.8571.6819.72-15.3024205981.00


Enhanced South Korea Index Fund0.003.974.66-0.01-15.3921.42-13.5251850829.00


Enhanced Taiwan Index Fund0.008.84-1.0413.296.1417.39-13.0973697384.00


Enlihtan Global Opportunity Fund3.0910.4812.1120.0421.607.88-3.409073476.00


EnTrustPermal Global Opportunities Ltd1.640.17-6.143.6728.6714.95-12.95264000000.00


Episode2.670.49-2.2416.3611.018.19-6.1842000000.00


Esplanade Capital Electron Partners LP0.80-3.91-2.498.8725.3017.35-7.86...


Esplanade Capital Partners I LLC2.32-2.83-1.5610.9730.6411.60-7.76...


Estlander & Partners Alpha Trend II P0.749.53-3.401.52-26.6241.68-28.3516900000.00


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 13.03-1.411.1039.7449.4710.02-5.33...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 33.31-1.890.3238.2546.4010.14-5.98...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 42.88-1.470.6332.6739.819.32-4.84...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund-Class 22.64-1.510.5336.2644.368.96-4.8442232830.00


European Conviction Fund Ltd EUR2.17-1.57-5.75-7.801.088.90-7.90...


European Conviction Fund Ltd GBP2.18-1.46-5.24-6.672.749.10-7.55...


European Conviction Fund Ltd USD2.28-1.03-4.89-6.792.638.95-7.53...


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR A1.46-9.68-11.040.5915.428.86-13.05...


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR AX1.46-9.68-11.030.5915.428.86-13.05341400000.00


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR AY1.54-9.16-10.083.46...8.84-12.21...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP C1.34-9.77-10.651.56...9.12-12.60...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP CX1.33-9.77-10.651.5614.099.12-12.60...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP CY1.42-9.24-9.684.3922.579.09-11.79...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD B1.55-9.18-10.191.6516.868.91-12.31...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD BX1.54-9.17-10.191.6516.858.90-12.31...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD BY1.62-8.64-9.194.5522.578.89-11.46...


Evenstar Sub-Fund I1.702.204.1340.5975.313.24-1.50140600000.00


Ewing Morris Opportunities Fund LP A3.4511.0512.0430.86...10.43-4.9571993547.00


FAMA Brazil Cayman Feeder Fund9.89101.7536.00-34.82-43.3548.60-35.60...


Fat Pitch Capital, LP0.429.24-17.247.1727.7123.52-28.966000000.00


Fiera North American Market Neutral - R2.495.085.3131.9631.304.84-2.65243900000.00


Fifth Street Oppo Fund, L.P.0.745.804.7223.97...3.52-2.00...


Financial Opportunity Fund LLC2.76-1.1310.0751.95124.8211.59-8.84151100000.00


Finisterre Credit Master Fund0.650.92-3.055.6916.804.97-6.54465925098.00


First Capital All-Win Dayan Quantization1.82-11.5718.42......26.82-19.79754232717.00


First Capital Dayan Quantization 10.97-5.61-6.20......21.88-15.71754232717.00


First Eagle Pacific2.065.05-0.755.6217.3210.56-10.3092228898.00


FISCH Trend Navigator CHF B1.403.35-4.7411.03...14.31-13.096059307.00


FISCH Trend Navigator CHF M1.514.10-3.5719.00...14.30-12.1931397043.00


FISCH Trend Navigator USD B1.554.43-3.6312.61...14.28-12.4511314935.00


Five Corners Partners LP1.911.110.7115.2554.638.82-7.9999500000.00


Forge First Long Short LP0.771.800.3561.38...7.60-5.08...


Forge First Multi Strategy LP0.610.70-0.9040.48...5.78-4.69...


Formula Growth Alpha Fund1.262.464.0119.93...8.43-5.7374400000.00


Formula Growth Global Opportunities Fund3.22-0.28-11.12-10.98-13.4912.60-17.6345900000.00


Formula Growth Hedge Fund3.473.839.2320.2828.9515.69-8.59194200000.00


Forum Global Opportunities Fund, Ltd-17.69-49.42-15.33-19.34-28.7589.22-61.0442200000.00


Foundation China Opportunity Fund1.42-4.89-15.4222.1533.6517.23-18.5075000000.00


Foundation USD Assets Income+Growth Fund1.43.....................


FPC Small Cap Growth Strategy4.844.94-3.2429.1771.3120.48-18.16769378450.00


FPP Global Emerging Markets Bond Fd USD1.004.761.04-9.86-10.136.27-5.152293475.00


FPP Seven Seas Fund Ltd1.218.98-19.86-35.05-47.1218.87-27.0011020458.00


FPP Seven Seas Fund Ltd. USD1.309.78-19.27......19.33-26.9414173960.00


Friedberg Global Macro Hedge Fund Ltd3.675.7916.06-6.42-20.8618.19-12.29566587628.00


Friedberg Global Macro Hedge Fund U$3.805.3115.67-8.97-30.5718.16-12.39140250576.00


Front Street CDN Energy Resource Fund B3.0866.7141.357.01-56.8730.23-16.7212468401.00


Front Street CDN Energy Resource Fund F3.1867.9542.9010.61-55.0330.34-16.363484682.00


Front Street Hedge Fund Series B3.09-0.71-4.9724.046.4710.99-12.43105119956.00


Front Street Hedge Fund Series F3.180.04-4.1227.5910.9811.10-12.156373067.00


Frontaura Global Frontier Fund LLC1.594.720.891.2824.309.69-8.78119000000.00


FrontFour Capital Partners Fund LP0.261.86-7.830.7030.9115.30-16.66130000000.00


FrontFour Opportunity Fund0.601.008.9315.2546.1215.98-10.1420000000.00


FTM0.764.518.5026.7348.000.48...3724824.00


Fuanda Ansheng 11.35-9.5222.24125.7657.4371.03-31.65...


Fullerton RMB Fixed Income Fund A1.173.79-0.318.2119.416.71-4.6065759109.00


Fullerton RMB Fixed Income Fund B0.95-1.74-2.1414.0833.214.63-4.4712950889.00


Fullerton RMB Fixed Income Fund C0.724.866.4017.0623.242.33-0.68741893927.00


G10 Rosseau Special Situations (US) LP3.16164.76120.0118.80-40.3759.96-20.942000000.00


G10 Rosseau Special Situations Fund3.20163.71120.9022.22-37.6059.38-20.3517000000.00


Gabelli Associates Limited0.322.883.8710.0016.412.75-1.57137179299.00


Gabelli Performance Partners2.463.25-0.483.3312.999.31-7.24239075159.00


GalNet Alpha Fund, LLC2.767.472.9416.9649.919.65-7.5055500000.00


Galtere Strategic Commodity Master Fund0.121.73-2.74......3.49-3.3048873693.00


GAM Absolute Return Bond Fund USD0.884.131.541.3511.154.88-4.409695952.00


GAM FCM Cat Bond EUR Open0.381.783.8413.2437.151.05-0.075710000.00


GAM FCM Cat Bond GBP Open0.512.474.9515.4440.621.06...13310000.00


GAM FCM Cat Bond USD Instl0.552.825.4116.4742.471.01...585730000.00


GAM FCM Cat Bond USD Open0.522.554.9414.89...1.02...43740000.00


GAM Talentum Emerging Long/Short A EUR0.31-3.73-3.28-5.8520.586.27-5.8251000000.00


GAM Talentum Emerging Long/Short B USD0.42-3.18-2.60-4.7522.266.16-5.492000000.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S A EUR1.67-8.180.1914.1355.808.43-9.6966000000.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S B USD1.75-8.190.3113.6955.238.56-9.77108000000.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S C EUR1.67-8.180.1914.1355.818.43-9.69...


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S D USD1.75-8.190.3013.6855.308.56-9.77...


GAM Talentum Europe Long/Short A EUR0.72-4.85-0.735.0022.014.34-5.5336000000.00


GAM Talentum Europe Long/Short B USD0.92-4.33-0.045.6922.404.38-5.2114000000.00


GAMA Select Energy Plus LP-0.31-2.21-4.48-9.57...2.75-4.481291725.00


Gargoyle Enhanced Alpha Fund L.P.-0.02-10.31-17.26-11.26...8.26-17.2621000000.00


Gargoyle Hedged Value (Master) Fund3.290.20-3.1017.6243.0010.62-8.50138000000.00


GCI Japan Hybrids2.712.086.4814.5674.239.57-4.74...


Geraty Investment Partners, LP0.980.19-0.78-1.9844.083.14-2.448000000.00


GFM Levant Fund-1.44-10.10-3.25-19.5525.7819.78-12.1229240563.00


Giano Capital Ltd EUR0.11-5.46-0.583.0712.198.93-6.6311153376.00


Ginga Service Sector Fund1.903.1112.46......6.56-2.8910948875000.00


Ginga Service Sector Fund USD1.863.5813.31......6.49-2.5897000000.00


Glazer Capital Management LP0.412.054.2311.1617.191.13...22000000.00


Glazer Enhanced Fund LP0.933.997.9321.8436.272.12...211000000.00


Glazer Enhanced Offshore Fund, Ltd0.994.499.3526.0542.052.86-0.12404000000.00


Glazer Offshore Fund Ltd0.452.575.3714.0321.081.35...52000000.00


Global Sigma BondVOL,LP1.142.916.46......4.76-3.6325665093.00


Golden China Fund4.80..................65537483.00


Golden China Plus Fund2.96-13.29-16.5912.68...25.98-22.83132302795.00


Golden China US Fund4.80..................2706919.00


Goldstein Cap Mngd Bond Port Master Fund0.20-0.081.8614.9621.892.17-0.9830759000.00


Gondor Partners LTD3.4413.5121.5519.98...5.48-1.193300000.00


Gondor Partners, LP3.1114.2722.5642.00...4.12-0.116400000.00


Goodwood A5.313.38-18.4712.368.6414.51-22.808327914.00


Goodwood B5.313.37-18.4812.328.6914.51-22.8116481923.00


Goodwood Capital Fund4.691.02-17.7718.2519.2112.67-18.77...


Goodwood Milford Fund LP1.514.661.3329.8754.477.55-7.67...


Graham Discretionary-0.06-0.26-2.054.8213.082.96-2.44...


Graham Discretionary Enhanced Vol-0.14-0.73-4.428.8224.125.91-4.911122400000.00


Graham Proprietary Matrix Series A-0.06-0.45-4.1526.5719.479.26-7.31852100000.00


Granada Europe Fund Ltd CHF0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Granada Europe Fund Ltd EUR0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Granada Europe Fund Ltd USD0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Grand Slam Capital Offshore Fund1.37-11.83-16.0014.6154.2518.28-20.284843755.00


Grand Slam Capital Partners Fund1.42-13.36-17.0415.7359.0617.80-21.3027518206.00


Granite Point Capital LP2.80-2.18-10.6236.2157.3912.94-16.02110100000.00


Green Dragon Fund1.695.38-2.3711.78-5.2530.43-23.329210000.00


GreenWoods Steady 27.61-15.28-19.80......31.40-30.24...


Greylock Global Opportunity Fund LP2.037.969.3821.2351.6310.71-8.7190000000.00


GUARDIAN5001.504.96-3.07-2.7327.218.83-7.92...


Guepardo Master Fund12.9043.85-11.79-51.92-52.7356.73-48.6433540000.00


Guosen Taicheng Longwu Quant Hdg 1-0.31-3.50..................


Guotai Junxiang Quantitative0.79-2.77-16.86-9.79-2.7917.42-20.44...


Gutzwiller ONE USD4.290.52-6.574.8641.5021.40-18.4379590922.00


HADOH V1 Fund Ltd.1.72-7.10-7.5432.6061.399.00-9.101737000000.00


Hadron Fund EUR Class A2.670.12-0.1915.1924.336.53-4.55...


Hadron Fund EUR Class B2.690.05-0.2514.6523.716.53-4.56...


Hadron Fund USD Class A2.630.690.4616.2926.206.50-4.46...


Hadron Fund USD Class B2.630.640.3815.7025.576.50-4.46...


Haidar Jupiter International Ltd8.7515.02-6.8244.04125.8026.32-26.60...


Haidar Jupiter LLC8.7515.57-6.6044.80127.1426.50-26.4958000000.00


Haitong Jinxiu Taicheng Longwu series 170.99-3.92..................


Haitong Jinxiu Taicheng Longwu series 180.54-3.92..................


Hanover Strategic Value Fund, LP4.67-3.31-13.946.3014.3015.31-18.5724042000.00


HarborWalk MLP Fund, LP-0.1915.51-15.37-1.04...27.30-33.54...


HarborWalk Opportunistic Alpha Fund, LP2.753.613.5917.3148.288.27-3.69...


Harmonic Alpha Plus Macro Fund-1.17-4.711.724.1913.4010.93-8.97101000000.00


Harmony Feeder Fund-0.09-30.82-47.51-47.73-31.5526.37-47.5120243186.00


Hartwell Capital Partners LP6.91-2.62-5.3915.9920.1712.96-11.50...


Hayate Japan Equity Long-Short Fund JPY-0.174.425.6551.75202.8212.74-9.482279469009.00


Headlands Strategic Opportunities Fd LP1.457.12-0.46......20.36-13.98...


Helium Special Situations Fund CHF4.94-9.91-0.93-18.4842.7216.86-14.156560000.00


Helium Special Situations Fund GBP4.93-9.780.20-16.0050.6017.38-14.0253360000.00


HGI Real Estate Securities Fund, LP2.230.11-1.6217.47...9.44-8.54...


Highclere Emerging Markets SMID Fund6.3322.828.51......21.98-15.22629440000.00


Highclere International SMID Fund6.726.282.1710.1533.7517.35-9.612411710000.00


Highclere Int'l Smaller Companies Fund6.5210.827.7326.6345.1916.33-9.161888870000.00


Highland Capital Management Inst Fd LLC-0.752.065.0916.5322.692.50-0.75...


Highland Capital Management LP-0.772.025.0116.3022.252.51-0.77...


Hillsdale Canadian Long/Short Equity3.175.846.9834.2829.617.85-3.574000000.00


Hillsdale Canadian Performance Equity4.7926.3521.8844.8243.4615.86-8.829000000.00


Hillsdale Global Long/Short Equity U$2.76-11.15-9.625.8024.9611.82-13.53781666.00


Hirsch Performance Fund4.050.99-1.3440.1952.7210.21-9.3435157804.00


HIT Capital LLLP4.7211.285.4148.38...18.36-11.70840000.00


HMI Capital Partners, L.P.5.253.89-3.5243.1091.9119.98-18.55...


HonTe Advisors LLC0.0731.19..................


Horizon Credit Opportunities Fund Ltd1.615.90-4.53-16.06-14.007.89-11.434425555.00


Horizon Credit Opportunities Fund, LP1.797.38-1.92-11.561.057.81-10.067370593.00


Horizon Growth Fund NV2.10-7.57-15.174.9048.2121.98-22.56118000000.00


Horizon Multi-Disciplinary Fund, LP1.805.98-0.64-0.6714.445.53-7.0011062302.00


Horizon Multi-Disciplinary Offshore Fund1.775.80-1.06-1.6113.285.54-7.259460768.00


Horseman European Select Fund LP-4.39-29.02-35.82-20.016.6520.51-36.7468000000.00


Horseman European Select Fund Ltd EUR-4.53-28.02-35.01-18.08...19.55-35.91574000000.00


Horseman European Select Fund Ltd USD-4.53-28.02-35.01-17.637.5119.55-35.91322000000.00


Horseman Global Fund LP-2.712.2213.3943.68...22.34-13.38278000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd A EUR-2.683.1315.4143.2870.1922.95-13.50965000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd A USD-2.683.1315.4142.9072.5622.95-13.501145000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd B EUR-2.683.1315.1843.7570.2522.86-13.501145000000.00


Huaxin Wanda Taicheng Longwu 150.30-6.17..................


Huntic Pengyuan China High Quality Trust-0.13-6.720.38...............


Huntrise Capital Partners LLC-0.450.15-1.849.0922.136.25-4.2940030000.00


Huntrise Global Partners Ltd-0.65-0.70-2.714.4317.816.38-4.3540940000.00


IBS Opportunity Fund Ltd-0.24-1.73-20.47-18.30-24.449.75-22.0219593657.00


IBS Turnaround Fund-0.061.99-10.043.404.508.97-12.5161979919.00


IBS Turnaround Fund QP-0.012.17-10.772.195.529.40-13.38126751006.00


ICE Global Credit Fund (Cayman), Ltd.1.325.17-2.17-10.118.5610.66-11.40...


Iguana Healthcare Master Fund6.20-10.09-16.4126.4883.6721.14-24.19302700000.00


III Credit Opportunities Fund L.P., Seed1.560.95-0.1815.4754.743.74-4.5676632955.00


III Credit Opportunities Fund L.P.,A1.430.81-0.2013.75...3.66-4.44...


III Credit Opportunities Fund Ltd., Seed1.560.88-0.2814.4751.683.74-4.605014534.00


III Credit Opportunities Fund Ltd.,A1.470.79-0.2412.99...3.68-4.47...


III Fund LP0.733.310.5613.6840.032.31-2.99...


III Fund LP Series 20.733.310.5612.1830.772.31-2.99...


III Fund Ltd0.733.280.5011.8636.392.31-3.02...


III Fund Ltd Series 20.733.290.5111.8630.252.32-3.02...


III Global Ltd0.732.960.3210.6033.942.33-2.956000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ld1&21.403.60-3.314.3821.855.51-8.44...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 31.494.15-2.635.7122.155.61-8.15...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 41.403.52-3.394.1321.305.52-8.47...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 51.424.08-2.535.8523.015.52-7.99...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP1&21.403.52-3.394.1221.315.52-8.47...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 31.494.21-2.335.9923.095.52-7.90123000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 41.403.60-3.314.4321.905.51-8.44123000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 51.494.21-2.335.99...5.52-7.90123000000.00


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type A2.174.45-3.445.0723.116.29-9.42...


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type B2.215.44-2.596.4224.697.24-9.853314361.00


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type C1.714.50-2.996.0123.556.08-8.9312035229.00


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type A2.174.48-3.465.1223.296.30-9.46...


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type B2.214.78-2.985.9123.946.30-9.20110984.00


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type C2.255.09-2.506.6424.366.30-8.97176000000.00


India Capital A23.978.20-0.3665.55-5.0226.12-23.57220340000.00


Infiniti China Opportunities Fund3.76-7.98-19.80-17.81-21.7421.23-24.0326600000.00


IP All Seasons Asian Credit Fund5.2214.4610.1031.0350.5611.73-6.70146000000.00


IP All Seasons Bond Fund1.845.932.608.66...5.11-3.8747000000.00


iVim Asia Opportunities Fund1.51-2.80-10.16-16.89-18.5921.85-20.6923114688.00


JC Clark Adaly Trust Class D5.033.30-19.0752.0020.1316.88-26.1254000000.00


JC Clark Focused Opportunities Fund3.064.60-4.443.0418.3511.11-11.8919000000.00


JC Clark Preservation Trust2.152.57-1.5518.4729.018.75-7.1180000000.00


JENOP Global Healthcare Fund A USD0.77-18.09-29.302.87...18.74-29.84159300000.00


Jerica Commercial Mortgage Opportunity0.602.302.53......1.23-0.38...


JLP Credit Opportunity Cayman Fund Ltd3.6521.39-3.77-31.28-23.6220.57-27.31262300000.00


JLP Credit Opportunity Fund LP3.6521.39-3.77-31.28-23.6620.57-27.31206600000.00


JLP Institutional Credit Cayman Fund Ltd2.3012.833.30-4.13...12.07-13.0685900000.00


JLP Institutional Credit Fund LP2.3012.803.27-4.1113.1612.07-13.0685900000.00


JLP Partners Fund LP10.7118.417.4413.9745.0721.04-19.3615200000.00


JLP Partners Fund Ltd10.7118.437.440.6227.9921.04-19.37600000.00


JM Catalyst Fund2.404.729.2431.1675.584.65-2.1936600000.00


Juniper Targeted Opportunity Fund, L.P.-0.48-2.50-2.5936.1177.2922.97-13.5339900000.00


K2 Australian Absolute Return Fund AUD5.146.330.1931.0460.3611.70-10.64342100186.00


K2 Select International ARF2.90-5.36-8.1725.2253.0812.64-11.69121987155.00


Kalo Capital Management, LP4.281.3910.5523.9942.7613.05-5.1111842000.00


Kam Wang China Value Fund0.30-4.85-4.9334.0598.0310.77-6.6837476288.00


KARMA SELECT FUND (Karma Fd LP Series B)6.083.23-2.9579.2928.9623.68-24.80...


KARMA STAR FUND (Karma Fd LP Series A)4.095.830.8574.7643.0920.95-21.2725161000.00


KARMA STAR OFFSHORE (Karma Off Fd Ser A)4.085.540.4974.1554.1320.81-21.358473000.00


Kellner Catalyst Fund, LP1.16-1.29-5.801.78...9.84-8.4549900000.00


KeyPoint Real Est Opp Hdg Fd, LP Class A1.4019.339.294.4226.3713.92-11.62260000000.00


KG Investments Fund LLC5.88-2.49-3.4837.1080.2215.44-11.54136970000.00


Khaner Capital, L.P.2.276.127.5331.15...12.87-6.52...


Kingdon Associates3.00-1.97-12.4817.4427.5213.40-20.66616000000.00


Kingdon Credit Master Fund L.P.1.323.78-3.5114.0627.725.80-9.31324000000.00


KL Special Opportunities Fund Ltd.0.782.506.4517.2943.454.01-2.23231268950.00


Krema Absolute Return Fund LLC-1.74-11.25-15.36-31.56-31.356.56-18.08830000.00


Krensavage Offshore Fund, Ltd3.985.93-6.21......17.97-17.8074800000.00


Krensavage Partners LP4.057.56-4.64108.95307.3618.34-17.68167200000.00


KRIYA CAP SPC - KRIYA CN SEGREGATED PORT0.60-6.903.1210.3324.0313.86-9.216047000.00


KRIYA Cap SPC- KRIYA Asia Japan Alpha SP3.69-14.66-28.58-23.03-10.8422.77-34.053631000.00


KS Capital Partners, L.P.0.773.261.434.307.462.45-2.6276736775.00


KS International Inc0.773.111.202.836.172.43-2.7025122343.00


Kura Africa Fund1.56-6.78-18.67-27.61-8.9414.46-19.9175871790.00


Lake Street Fund LP7.4121.38...............38500000.00


Lakeroad Hedge Fund L.P.5.14-10.40-4.6243.53...15.98-15.1519530000.00


Lakewood Capital Partners, LP2.132.593.6819.0345.1010.94-6.38...


Land and Buildings Capital Growth Fund5.60-10.81-2.0835.4746.3321.50-15.54145500000.00


Landry Global Equity L/S0.563.624.269.519.737.81-5.327720793.00


Lasius Prosperity Fund Ltd.0.970.928.8722.12...12.74-6.258607020.00


Latin America Opportunity Fund Ltd2.1616.1727.6539.3056.9219.01-7.4750400000.00


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class A CAD0.281.79-10.97-13.04-5.387.99-15.30...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class F CAD0.372.45-10.00-10.14-0.077.99-14.76...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class G0.392.63-9.92-11.44...7.95-14.81...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class U0.291.96-10.92-14.27...7.94-15.35...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class A0.352.13-10.60-12.26...8.04-15.15...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class AI0.342.33-10.32-13.20-10.658.04-14.97...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class F0.412.77-9.63-9.76...8.04-14.60...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class FI0.412.78-9.61-11.21-7.438.04-14.58...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class G0.534.70-7.60......7.72-12.85...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class GI0.423.12-9.26-12.28...8.07-14.61...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class U0.392.18-10.29......7.90-14.95...


Lazard Global Credit II Fund Class UI0.332.22-10.29-14.19-12.787.95-14.95...


LDR Preferred Income Fund Class A3.1010.7510.4425.7251.689.59-5.19...


LDR Preferred Income Fund Class B3.2110.6010.0524.02...9.63-5.43...


LHC Capital Australia High Conviction F5.374.5324.0399.49206.6912.78-8.02172500000.00


Libertas Real Asset Opportunities Fund-3.85-20.24-17.59......37.68-32.67...


Lightwater Long Short Fund0.633.190.2561.0749.407.81-4.95...


Lightwater Nimble Fund0.55-0.83-4.87......10.56-7.54...


LIM Asia Multi-Strategy Fund A0.861.182.139.8015.924.39-2.31389300000.00


LIM Asia Multi-Strategy Fund B0.851.262.268.3014.604.35-2.28328900000.00


LIM Japan JPY-0.12-3.36-3.363.0317.804.02-3.62257000000.00


LIM Japan USD-0.01-2.99-2.723.6918.114.08-3.50209000000.00


LIM Special Situations Fund1.496.042.7114.0617.084.49-4.41307200000.00


LionGuard Opportunities Fund Class S0.927.028.65......12.78-4.88...


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited A USD1.71-7.48-17.170.17-14.3617.32-22.345236767.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited B Euro1.61-7.77-17.53-0.33-15.7517.09-22.21484387.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited C GBP1.76-7.95-17.69-0.44-14.9817.54-22.541063036.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited D NOK1.75-7.68-17.800.46-12.5517.21-22.753208907.00


Lippo Indonesian Growth USD5.1915.85-2.94-12.03-31.7230.84-19.9235268856.00


Lockbox Capital0.758.371.55......19.04-16.71...


Lowrisk Enhanced Bond 10 Fund0.964.6012.55......4.95-0.48...


Lowrisk Enhanced Bond Trust 21.532.657.63......2.26-0.47...


Lowrisk Marco Allocation 5 Fund-0.233.419.76......6.68-1.90...


Lowrisk Marco Allocation 8 Fund0.415.6320.26......9.90-1.72...


Loyola Capital Fund Ltd21.15-14.05-40.25-48.2783.0251.29-50.686641312.00


Loyola Capital Partners LP21.19-13.72-39.78-47.3283.0751.22-50.3132142666.00


LSQ Fund2.8620.6731.4160.94...6.55-0.5713000000.00


Lucas Energy Total Return Partners II LP-0.2517.42-6.56-44.84-51.5434.31-28.1610000000.00


Lucas Energy Total Return Partners LP-0.2320.24-13.83-50.72-56.9037.82-34.8522000000.00


Luminus Energy Partners QP, LP1.404.10-0.2437.9555.796.67-4.871141713481.00


Lynx Fund I Master Fund LP1.102.291.0210.143.663.36-3.48183000000.00


Lynx Plus Master Fund SP0.252.782.0919.7540.872.31-1.98123000000.00


M. De Groote Total Market6.6518.246.4644.35151.9328.26-19.331100084.00


M. Kingdon Offshore Ltd.3.04-1.94-12.5717.3422.7313.36-20.63933000000.00


M1 Capital Market-Neutral Fund-3.00-23.63-14.02......28.55-34.70443704.00


M1 Capital SA Equity Long Short HF-2.90-15.12-11.5421.6267.9914.78-17.92506950.00


Macquarie Asian Alpha Fund2.70-4.68-8.02-2.118.096.18-10.441081370000.00


Macromoney Global Investments Ltd.3.2412.5532.75105.80...18.06-5.99...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund EUR A0.93-6.18-5.3121.8036.687.13-7.05...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund EUR B0.93-5.95-5.0322.3737.426.89-6.82...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund USD A0.97-6.09-5.1322.1737.707.07-7.00...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund USD B0.97-5.87-4.8522.7438.536.82-6.78...


Maggiore Fund I, LP0.15-0.08-4.176.60...4.92-5.609000000.00


Malachite Capital Partners LP1.8412.851.70......9.16-11.00...


Malta Hedge Fund II, LP2.18-0.244.7920.3943.065.54-4.30...


Malta Hedge Fund, LP2.26-0.075.3820.9342.645.95-4.77...


Malta MLC Fund, LP3.14-1.312.1514.6932.108.77-7.352009.00


Malta MLC Offshore, Ltd.2.97-2.050.8411.9326.268.73-7.55...


Malta Offshore, Ltd1.75-1.053.5616.5334.505.25-4.29...


Man AHL Div Str Series 2 (USD) Tranche A1.053.340.6828.9112.9515.61-11.4448746633.00


Man AHL Div Str Series 2 (USD) Tranche B1.053.340.6828.9112.9515.61-11.4448746633.00


Man AHL Div Strategies (USD) Tranche A0.562.13-0.8218.775.6914.60-10.6525294668.00


Man AHL Div Strategies (USD) Tranche B0.562.13-0.8218.775.6914.60-10.6525294668.00


Man Gbl Str Div Ser 2 Ltd-USD Cap-0.080.11-0.010.485.490.48-0.256038477.00


Man Synergy Series A Ltd USD Guar Bds B-0.796.127.6718.63-3.205.34-1.845265337.00


Manalapan Oracle Eagle Fund LP2.294.208.0916.8825.557.06-2.3817557000.00


Mangart A Shares EUR2.8014.4925.14154.31...9.33-0.93...


Mangart A Shares USD2.8014.5025.1460.21139.229.33-0.94...


Marathon Partners LP5.6210.167.3729.6763.7214.23-8.69225000000.00


Marathon Special Opportunity Master Ltd1.282.73-6.09-3.7814.776.46-12.25...


Marco Polo Pure China Fund A1.55-10.05-9.3969.2329.9840.50-30.72...


Marlin Fund, Limited Partnership8.58-1.85-8.2933.71140.7224.48-16.83...


Marwyn Value Investors LP2.21-7.23-21.919.6424.0210.72-23.60171612889.00


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund A3.347.336.3355.4874.707.10-4.43...


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund C2.636.355.3647.45...6.81-4.44...


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund F2.716.766.2352.13...6.79-4.35...


Mayar Fund Class A USD4.286.012.2023.3456.6814.55-9.2315572206.00


Mayar Fund Class B USD4.67..................11163377.00


Medina Singh Investment Partners, L.P.4.153.383.4347.0094.118.71-5.4520416375.00


Merchant Commodity Fund0.059.085.1968.4578.8616.72-11.94233000000.00


Metolius Diversified Master Fund0.992.151.2412.435.616.95-5.1822730000.00


MGH Investment Fund Ltd5.094.683.7120.0528.3012.86-6.8716390217.00


MGM International Fund0.49-12.27-18.53-12.87-1.9010.33-18.937275593.00


MHB Investment Partners7.405.14..................


Midas 13.2810.32..................


Midway Market Neutral Fund1.756.613.6526.1854.094.48-3.58584000000.00


Millcreek SmCap Dyn Tactical AssetAlloc5.4921.262.6436.79...18.40-20.00...


Millennium International Ltd0.86-0.232.5332.9354.824.36-4.0521399426869.00


Millennium USA LP Fund0.830.142.8934.3357.724.19-3.788823721448.00


Miller Global Partners, L.P.3.107.054.6921.085.649.38-6.899700000.00


Millrace Fund LP2.17-0.01-1.0013.1129.567.27-6.3686700000.00


Minsen H Trust0.38-20.55-26.2835.13...23.64-28.22...


Minsen K Trust0.51-19.76-20.7743.2962.9924.73-23.77...


Mittleman Brothers Master Fund, Ltd.5.6714.637.47......20.78-13.31...


MKP Credit Offshore Ltd1.95-10.11-18.00-5.8717.306.34-19.561964000000.00


MKP Enhanced Opportunity-0.15-3.28-9.53-1.88...4.39-9.53775000000.00


MKP Opportunity Offshore Ltd-0.08-2.08-6.22-0.6716.882.82-6.282301680000.00


MLM Macro - Peak Partners, LP-1.57-7.01-10.1815.6712.9312.18-11.36228355422.00


MLM Macro Peak Partners Offshore Ltd-1.62-7.48-10.9613.019.4512.09-11.8441146110.00


Moab Partners LP3.102.953.1534.1248.454.66-1.57174000000.00


Moab Partners Offshore, Ltd.3.102.853.1233.4047.284.63-1.54133000000.00


Morea Greek Recovery A EUR Acc-0.58-8.7714.31-13.73...28.76-16.4810761132.00


Morgens Phaeton International (BVI) A1.59-7.98-14.30-15.46...8.86-15.65...


Mundane World Leaders Fund Ltd2.724.704.3428.4451.6016.83-10.75214500000.00


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 20.83-1.31..................


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 271.49.....................


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 80.668.00..................


Nanjia SAC-0.308.537.14......10.91-5.6521056361.00


Nashuk Partners, LP-0.10-2.22-12.312.155.2813.16-18.3413019423.00


NeuMark US Large Cap Market-Neutral I LP-0.28-4.21-3.76......3.76-5.30...


Neutron Asia Absolute Return Fund3.04-1.481.15......11.47-7.54...


New Paradigm Fund LP1.540.235.7615.8225.734.55-1.7471955547.00


New Russian Generation Limited8.3330.00-7.14............97302631.00


Newton Capital Partners, L.P.-0.522.881.133.489.623.03-2.7018000000.00


Nikko AM Glbl Inv (Cayman) Dyn Japan L/S-0.490.995.30......5.50-3.2557000000.00


NITIC Jintai Ruifeng Trust1.28-16.52-19.19......24.55-22.91...


North Loop Fund7.530.533.152.14...18.08-17.31...


North Star Partners II LP3.668.970.41-5.3223.8311.76-10.1938500000.00


North Star Partners LP3.609.000.43-5.2223.9211.76-10.1977810000.00


Northglen Aggressive Fund SPC0.02-0.19-0.0247.2926.250.19-0.2128000000.00


Northill Global Strategies SPC4.036.84-0.509.32...12.26-10.34...


NorthStar Fund III LP3.893.003.228.478.1211.92-8.1441569700.00


Northwest A USD Acc1.040.910.8110.53...6.11-6.0347807627.00


Numen Credit Opportunities Fund-0.701.250.669.9653.724.52-2.93111000000.00


Nuvest Real Return Fund1.012.76-1.962.53...6.27-5.15...


NuWave Large Cap Active Alpha Portfolio3.3712.398.96......14.94-8.915500000.00


NuWave Long/Short Portfolio Ltd-0.5616.0124.4726.0724.336.48-0.5628700000.00


O.E.I. MAC (US$)-4.06-29.86-29.97-39.11-23.4937.61-42.92263839310.00


OCCO Eastern European Fund0.695.937.1311.4534.393.92-1.07121129977.00


OCCO EASTERN EUROPEAN FUND B0.896.338.3017.8551.754.71-1.0312633250.00


OCCO EASTERN EUROPEAN FUND C0.724.876.0010.4932.633.87-1.06138462270.00


OCCO EASTERN EUROPEAN FUND G0.725.006.2611.99...4.01-1.101451703.00


OCCO EASTERN EUROPEAN FUND H0.494.465.3610.13...4.04-1.285644669.00


OCCO EASTERN EUROPEAN FUND I0.504.114.758.59...4.17-1.574487516.00


Octagon High Income Fund LLC2.268.012.5411.5939.537.45-7.59186965926.00


Odey European Inc Euro-3.71-29.21-28.66-29.81-13.5834.27-40.32164146432.00


Odey European Inc GBP A-3.63-27.57-26.62-27.53-9.6434.71-39.81173094013.00


Odey European Inc USD-3.57-28.92-28.09-30.21-12.6834.45-40.0780190300.00


Odey European Inc. GBP B class-3.63-27.59-26.64-27.57-10.4334.70-39.8173808532.00


Odin Raven Fund, L.P.3.645.865.1916.4324.3512.46-6.516589858.00


OEI Mac GBP A-4.11-28.47-28.45-36.42-20.1637.80-42.5712621666.00


OEI Mac GBP B class-3.51-24.60-21.71-32.45-15.0243.79-41.10106748126.00


Ogee Structured Opportunities Ltd.0.713.15-2.9811.79...10.49-8.04819277.00


Old Mutual Arbea Fund Limited A EUR4.06-2.96-0.27......9.65-7.06...


Old Mutual Arbea Fund Limited A USD4.21-2.300.9022.29...9.69-6.53116138.00


Old Mutual Arbea Fund Limited E USD4.25-2.011.5725.49...9.81-6.3475182130.00


Old Mutual Arbea Fund Limited I USD4.25-2.011.3723.82...9.66-6.33116772.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity EUR Acc2.192.3910.9725.4947.077.45-2.62106652.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity GBP Acc2.292.5711.2226.5149.147.39-2.633575563.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity USD Acc2.312.7911.2326.2447.937.22-2.5025616042.00


Old West Income Fund, LP1.8414.745.285.3430.9116.64-13.2637668042.00


Old West Investment Partners, LP9.8216.2410.81-1.1627.3821.46-14.6452051965.00


Olesen Value Fund L.P.4.91-1.821.6121.0263.5211.34-8.0626900000.00


Omnia Fund Ltd.1.865.01-10.5738.5477.5316.70-17.32159852706.00


onTREND Fund6.403.62-9.4323.66...16.16-24.003000000.00


OPEX Capital Partners Fund, LP1.087.6412.1450.37...3.40-1.5119938049.00


OPTIKA Fund Limited - Cl A4.33-7.78-22.10......15.68-29.2725520000.00


Optimal Japan Trust2.94-11.37-18.53-6.41...18.82-21.4022000000.00


OPTIS AFRICAN FRONTIER FUND LIMITED0.66-6.43-20.41-42.16-27.1619.69-24.3230330000.00


Osmium Capital II, LP12.07-7.23-14.31-48.47-14.2132.45-26.4710045559.00


Osmium Capital LP11.33-1.10-12.07-41.751.3128.75-22.9519212969.00


Osmium Spartan LP10.145.35-6.30-17.0824.4321.24-17.0512673216.00


Outer Islands Capital LP6.18-3.45-19.5356.60108.4726.03-33.6644460000.00


Ovington Fund Limited0.221.832.294.9515.971.41-0.55143000000.00


P.A.W. Partners LP1.911.07-4.16-2.325.196.25-7.4666000000.00


P.A.W. Small Cap Partners, L.P.2.240.13-4.34-11.4410.5312.64-11.6977000000.00


P2 Capital Composite5.2618.7415.2425.7673.7416.52-12.92...


P2 Capital Master Fund, LP5.4412.7810.5627.5773.3418.24-11.98...


Panacea Global Healthcare Fund4.60-8.70-27.99......28.28-33.9222000000.00


Pangolin Asia Fund4.3315.1110.128.7435.2816.18-10.9685000000.00


Panorama Offshore Fund, Ltd Class 152.1.146.39-3.34-4.03...12.42-12.532962701.00


Panorama Offshore Fund, Ltd Class I.1.186.70-2.85-1.503.8512.43-12.3141070923.00


Pantera Bitcoin Fund Ltd-5.5444.78117.87504.74...55.39-19.29...


PASKEWITZ CONTRARIAN STOCK INDEX-0.360.050.7715.7214.9711.42-8.98228740000.00


Pavadi Healthcare Value Fund, LP-1.92-3.41-9.0832.36...13.52-14.177515047.00


PCJ Absolute Return Fund LP2.45-3.26-2.1538.09...8.32-6.65167600000.00


Pedder Street Asia Absolute Return Fund3.172.58-4.13......11.18-11.13123175560.00


Pender Select Ideas Fund A5.884.37-6.29......14.96-19.02509396.00


Pender Select Ideas Fund F5.975.01-5.32......14.97-18.521623470.00


PENN Distressed LP1.441.84-28.80-31.92-26.5816.05-29.838736308.00


Performing Capital, LP0.805.19-1.48......10.52-10.94...


Perinvest Convertible Ltd5.98-8.88-11.5017.9828.9220.37-17.3914815555.00


Perlman Family Office2.0714.1915.7358.60...11.28-4.66...


Permal F/I Special Opportunities (AQ)0.193.63-4.232.2827.3011.98-10.46504000000.00


Permal F/I Special Opportunities (BQ)0.113.05-5.16-0.6621.2311.99-10.97...


Permal Global Opportunities (BQ)1.56-0.40-7.050.6822.4914.95-13.44...


Phillips Hager & North Absolute Ret Sr A4.6422.9310.6137.5969.8317.21-15.05210000000.00


Picton Mahoney Global Mkt Neutral Eq A-0.39-7.76-10.13-2.904.814.35-10.1331779000.00


Picton Mahoney Global Mkt Neutral Eq F-0.30-7.18-9.16-0.209.024.34-9.2297200000.00


Picton Mahoney Long Short Equity A2.811.70-3.8310.4520.158.38-9.6572865000.00


Picton Mahoney Long Short Equity F2.902.33-2.7713.5825.538.37-9.0669657000.00


Picton Mahoney Market Neutral Equity A0.34-4.41-5.640.436.562.97-5.95136533000.00


Picton Mahoney Market Neutral Equity F0.42-3.81-4.633.2011.252.98-5.03187507000.00


Pine River Convertibles Fund0.187.15-0.205.4935.838.62-9.83...


Pine River Fund.2.02-3.47-9.812.5330.897.06-10.17...


Pine River Liquid Rates Fund0.996.3114.0026.79...1.93......


Pinpoint China Fund2.161.7111.7338.1040.1710.11-5.89642000000.00


Pinpoint Multi-Strategy Fund-0.27-1.82-0.6028.9926.054.67-2.88324000000.00


Piolet Partners Fund Ltd0.26-1.39-9.650.44...5.68-10.8531382159.00


Platinum Fund Ltd Class A5.09-0.48-4.443.6514.7815.55-11.95416000000.00


Platinum Fund Ltd Class B4.96-1.72-5.820.267.7415.41-12.32450000000.00


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd EUR1.00-8.80-16.21-23.81-36.3511.16-17.07...


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd GBP1.00-8.72-16.08-22.09-34.0111.36-17.32...


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd USD1.01-8.11-15.57-21.36-32.7411.14-16.74...


Platinum Japan Fund Ltd Class A6.612.88-2.3324.8455.1813.95-12.3651000000.00


Platinum Japan Fund Ltd Class D6.721.70-3.9720.3744.5814.10-13.21...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible EUR1.191.230.236.4119.742.06-1.92...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible GBP1.231.520.737.7621.802.09-1.68...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible USD1.271.790.987.7321.672.08-1.65...


Polestar Fund LP-0.112.50-8.228.3261.7515.16-16.0686036575.00


Polestar Offshore Fund Ltd-0.151.98-7.985.5853.1412.96-14.5434348852.00


Polunin Emerging Markets Active Fund2.490.38-3.8213.3038.087.36-8.38403000000.00


Portland Adv Plus-Everest Fund A $-4.9843.35-33.04......87.21-67.871049866.00


Portland Adv Plus-Everest Fund A CN$-3.9735.27-32.83......79.81-65.421370757.00


Portland Adv Plus-Everest Fund F $-4.9044.59-33.97......88.06-68.562230581.00


Portland Adv Plus-Everest Fund F CN$-3.8936.43-31.94......79.90-65.232912358.00


Portland Adv Plus-McKinley Fund A $-1.3655.40-14.21......72.42-56.491222766.00


Portland Adv Plus-McKinley Fund A CN$-0.3146.63-12.49......64.51-52.371596505.00


Portland Adv Plus-McKinley Fund F $-1.2656.65-13.40......72.57-56.382988291.00


Portland Adv Plus-McKinley Fund F CN$-0.2247.81-11.45......64.59-52.153901662.00


Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Series A2.1717.1618.9856.29...18.81-9.67269797.00


Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Series B2.3318.4321.2364.30...18.75-9.194673301.00


Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Series BN2.5219.7622.6468.58...19.41-9.438275895.00


Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Series F2.2517.8020.0960.76...18.78-9.434906993.00


Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund A2.26..................12231.00


Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund F2.35..................30071.00


Post Traditional High Yield Fund, L.P.2.267.154.1818.4641.284.98-2.81...


Praxis Utility&Infrastructure Equity Fd1.500.905.7237.50...7.01-4.1640000000.00


Precog Capital Partners6.3416.085.679.68132.1623.49-14.526570000.00


Prescott Group Aggressive Mid Cap LP3.903.91-3.469.1156.1116.13-16.46125729000.00


Prescott Group Aggressive Small Cap5.9617.595.383.8118.1124.31-20.96350500000.00


Primevestfund10.3392.4990.47114.5237.2829.51-4.63...


Proteus Capital LP-5.11-25.12-9.28-2.073.5317.62-25.1232000000.00


Providence MBS Fund Ltd-1.700.290.42-7.7614.574.25-1.94...


Prudence Enhanced Income Fund3.564.847.8329.1267.4711.85-6.48...


Prudence RMB Income Fund-0.23-0.50-2.0711.3129.208.52-7.64...


PXP Vietnam Emerging Equity Fund Ltd4.8615.2014.4254.02107.9915.97-8.84129200000.00


QAM Global Equities Fund Ltd3.04-17.09-24.19-2.18-35.0725.62-31.0116000000.00


Qmetrica1.0213.2611.12......8.00-3.84...


Quam China Focus SP Class A2.35-8.77-23.99-2.7227.9329.79-30.62...


Quam China Focus SP Class B2.37-8.63-23.80-6.2021.0529.79-30.5417246000.00


Quam China Focus SP Class D2.60-5.53-16.946.61...27.44-25.65...


Quam China Focus SP Class E2.51-6.08-17.792.43...27.41-26.05...


Quantitative Tactical Aggressive Fd LLC-0.2942.9831.9550.72128.1121.51-9.38532000000.00


QuantZ Quark Equity Market Neutral, LP0.59-2.212.7112.12...7.15-6.8415000000.00


Quest Global Convertible Fund LTD1.010.591.6748.0989.081.92-0.78...


Quest UCL Pan Asian Fund Limited A3.43-0.94-6.4612.19...11.62-13.8114949134.00


Radin Global Opportunities Fund6.72-4.33-3.4024.49...13.19-11.12...


RAM I/O Strategy A USD1.160.454.69......11.21-7.17...


RBI Capital Kodiak, LP-5.83-5.652.53-16.66-34.1017.05-14.53564000.00


RBI Capital Partners,LP-2.0410.3912.218.854.5410.06-3.3317100000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd CHF6.71-12.38-11.8114.0727.2224.82-18.21145000000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd EUR6.70-12.19-8.2718.5733.5124.34-17.99145000000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd USD6.90-11.81-7.8719.6138.9924.22-17.90145000000.00


Red Oak Partners Long Only Fund1.842.692.7862.33128.007.82-7.5529906681.00


Red Oak Partners Long/Short Fund-0.58-1.501.7059.73101.336.62-6.2443507061.00


Redwood Point Global Opp Master Fund Ltd-1.60-1.730.537.538.596.08-4.14119000000.00


Rega Capital Dynamic Value Fund-4.75-21.53-27.76-8.32-0.7932.97-27.765760000.00


Regan Credit Opportunities Fund Intl Ltd0.703.36...............24304838.00


Regan Credit Opportunities Fund, LP0.733.49...............126075094.00


Regan Distressed Credit Fund, LP0.250.562.4934.46...1.46-1.10265540000.00


Regan No. 5-0.284.729.05......6.13-2.15115585000.00


Regan No. 60.082.461.95......1.64-1.0886665000.00


Relative Value Conservative-0.051.171.935.6510.041.66-0.7231000000.00


Relative Value Moderate-0.112.243.7110.5120.463.29-1.4531000000.00


Relative Value Plus-1.000.793.368.0716.995.91-3.1734000000.00


Renaissance Inst Diversified Alpha Fund1.1412.5426.3054.03...14.10-6.589630363410.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fd LLC B3.1117.3132.9567.51131.5111.37-4.091090619034.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fd LP B3.0616.8032.0264.03123.0711.36-4.151408086591.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fund LLC BB3.1217.4133.1468.17141.4211.37-4.071921203749.00


Renaissance Instit Divers Glbl Equity LP0.70..................1638711702.00


RGM Value Opportunity Fund LP II4.607.085.2234.4278.3817.40-13.8497000000.00


Robertson Opportunity Fund7.2812.062.657.2333.6115.90-15.17150000000.00


Ross Smith Capital Investment Fund-1.30-1.03-1.7114.0030.133.49-2.6034697727.00


Ross Smith Opportunities Fund2.100.54-3.1419.45...6.71-7.2837073837.00


Rosseau Limited Partnership0.49126.8298.1028.54-28.7347.39-19.0456000000.00


Roubaix Fund Composite1.720.64-3.6323.7644.056.83-9.891500000.00


Roy G. Niederhoffer Diversified Program1.83-4.643.6811.53-4.0320.04-17.9610944586.00


RRCM Onshore I LP0.2518.141.29-12.06-17.6318.07-17.8122977610.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund EUR-8.68-41.07-58.85......31.83-58.851405000.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund GBP-8.86-42.58-60.77......35.81-60.776765423.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund USD-8.45-41.40-59.56......34.35-59.567590178.00


Ruyi Capital Partners, L.P.0.674.552.6545.94101.604.32-3.25...


RV Capital Asia Opportunity Fund Class A1.354.052.0716.40...5.02-3.93189000000.00


RV Capital Asia Opportunity Fund Class B1.434.242.2017.52...5.07-3.9819500000.00


RYJ Fund, LP2.1120.86-6.95......37.85-34.41610920.00


Sagil Latin American Opportunities Fd LP2.4016.5825.4529.4545.1410.01-3.6396500000.00


SAM I Fund Limited4.21-1.32-3.0116.0224.6820.32-15.585922013.00


SAM Liquid Fund, LP4.215.189.9649.31...15.92-9.7125000000.00


Sandler Associates1.031.162.6215.0121.023.00-1.93194000000.00


Sandler Offshore Inc1.031.062.4815.5027.552.99-1.95126000000.00


Sandler Plus Domestic Fd LP2.092.355.3829.3641.965.98-3.81207000000.00


Sandler Plus Offshore Fd Ltd2.082.105.0327.9439.695.98-3.89115000000.00


SandPointe U.S. Volatility (VOL) Fund14.2338.5428.89......25.24-10.45...


SandPointe's Opportunities Fund, LLC5.049.7711.35......9.23-4.69...


Saracen Total Return Onshore Incom Fd LP0.674.187.2418.82...0.73...33427415.00


SC Asian Opportunity Fund, L.P.1.600.45-3.6424.5825.2014.84-10.188000000.00


SC Fundamental Value Fund, L.P.-1.30-5.93-8.391.6821.127.29-8.3976700000.00


SCIPION AFRICAN OPPORTUNITIES Cl A0.362.014.8419.6741.870.55......


Scoggin Capital Management II, LLC0.9212.011.1612.1725.8511.81-12.87481988000.00


Scoggin Overseas Fund Ltd.0.9011.520.8413.3828.7311.59-12.85414405000.00


Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund LLC.0.709.96-0.673.9215.557.62-9.742500000.00


Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund Ltd.0.709.92-0.733.7715.097.63-9.752500000.00


Scopia Health Care International Limited1.89-2.82-0.51......8.79-10.21...


Scopia Health Care LLC1.74-2.826.99......12.25-10.67...


Scopia LB International Limited-0.42-10.87-14.07......18.25-14.07...


Scopia LB LLC-0.60-11.21-13.487.28...17.95-13.64...


Scopia Long International Limited3.44-2.44-8.96......22.17-16.45...


Scopia Long LLC3.35-2.44-8.9424.3888.7122.19-16.4312000000.00


Scopia PX International Ltd-2.15-10.64-11.080.5724.429.02-12.111479000000.00


Scopia PX LLC-2.21-10.61-11.060.2824.338.97-12.031210000000.00


Scorpion Focused Ideas Fund6.00-14.11-21.15......19.41-25.6115000000.00


Serenitas Credit Gamma Master Fund0.66-0.10-0.1425.42...3.40-3.4937184559.00


SG Market Neutral Fund Class A1.830.510.825.3217.127.02-4.78...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class F1.780.991.668.3421.796.83-4.56...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class G1.811.111.776.13...6.84-4.55...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class U1.810.610.973.7213.016.97-4.75...


Sherpa Diversified Returns Fund1.422.801.6512.9023.547.26-4.42273000000.00


Sherpa Market Neutral Income Fund-0.32-0.37-1.001.17-0.071.90-1.622000000.00


Sibilla Global Fund0.94-6.420.27-0.6216.918.18-8.43...


Sierra Europe LP-0.20-3.72-1.852.5622.646.48-5.4130229844.00


Sierra Europe Offshore - Euro B-0.20-3.60-1.783.5924.066.71-5.8117800000.00


Silverdale Fund SP-1A3.3415.8413.3634.23...11.06-6.98...


Silverdale Fund SP-1B3.3415.8413.3634.23...11.06-6.98...


Silverdale India Equity Fund7.266.955.27......16.39-13.07...


Simcoe Partners, LP4.700.39-0.1123.6583.1613.47-10.94...


Simplon International Limited0.909.543.69-17.52-8.077.72-5.72172580000.00


Sinfonietta2.64-7.26-10.09-11.9441.219.64-12.5962000000.00


SJL MarketDNA Hedge Fund LP15.16.....................


SM Investors II LP1.587.465.2828.1173.0914.38-9.8066800000.00


SM Investors LP1.427.355.1627.1872.2214.27-9.8622200000.00


SM Investors Offshore Ltd1.406.433.3723.5965.1714.60-10.403000000.00


SM Merger/Arbitrage, L.P.-0.574.124.6415.2423.353.49-1.3112300000.00


Snow Capital Investment Partners L.P.2.6911.59-2.11-2.1610.2116.62-18.7089428993.00


Sofire Fund LTD3.398.826.7116.3133.0711.93-6.21141982527.00


SPARX Long-Short Fund Ltd USD1.19-2.210.1617.5342.5310.34-7.46...


Spectrum Value Partners, LP1.34-3.33-5.459.1414.548.42-8.65...


Spinnaker Global Emerging Markets K10.745.5812.6314.9822.497.81-6.06906450000.00


Spinnaker Global Opportunity K10.701.273.477.328.277.25-3.64186350000.00


SPM Core2.001.731.8629.0453.356.00-4.63613000000.00


SPM MBS Agency Fund3.005.314.5046.7643.667.10-5.03569000000.00


SPM Opportunity Fund4.002.581.8715.5529.0513.31-11.12130000000.00


SPM Structured Servicing Holdings1.25-1.63-0.0215.9165.355.41-4.721006000000.00


Sprott Bull Bear RSP Class A14.3385.8756.888.16-67.2842.25-9.5910797678.00


Sprott Bull Bear RSP Class F14.0987.5658.7711.58-65.5042.81-9.362002232.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq LP Class A2.01-10.65-16.492.01-5.276.60-17.2414283072.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq LP Class F2.12-10.14-14.243.31-1.816.40-15.3612099986.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq RSP ClassA1.97-10.85-16.310.99-6.856.46-16.819695425.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq RSP ClassF2.07-10.37-15.393.52-4.516.47-16.131794762.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP Class A14.8879.6059.8720.48-62.8040.13-8.7678346504.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP Class F14.9880.6261.6924.64-60.6240.16-8.6856440867.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP II Class A14.9084.4258.5113.84-65.0341.46-8.7637278583.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP II Class F15.0185.4760.3317.75-62.9941.49-8.6737085177.00


Sprott Privet Fund5.4718.709.005.903.8416.50-12.4325539122.00


SR Global Fund C International USD2.900.13-8.2123.72...18.25-19.12...


SR Global Fund G Global Opportunities3.43-3.50-10.846.38-3.3611.70-14.74...


SR Global Fund H Japan USD3.18-16.62-20.89-2.0763.1219.11-26.20...


Sr Phoenicia Inc4.00-5.60-10.9513.46...13.47-14.38...


St Hugh's Capital Partners, LP1.367.344.10......8.32-6.4330838.00


STAIRS Client-6.82-7.3615.37-4.4923.6335.40-14.70889460.00


STAIRS Prop-7.34-7.769.63-11.8233.9330.03-14.0750000.00


STB Japan Long-Short Fund IJPY-0.67-3.88-5.68-7.73-10.263.07-6.372647908932.00


Stelliam Fund3.552.83-0.956.8340.4914.15-10.25464000000.00


Steyn Capital SA Fund-2.97-2.605.2951.73106.337.13-3.6054000000.00


STK Capital Investiment Global Equities3.671.83-3.7015.5930.7111.81-10.70103127000.00


Strategos Deep Value Funds1.160.321.0420.1763.961.96-2.08403000000.00


Strategos Fund, L.P.-1.68-0.1912.236.398.5310.89-3.97113218399.00


Strategos Offshore, Ltd.-1.73-0.4411.745.506.9110.96-3.986540742.00


Stratus Feeder Ltd B-$ Standard Leverage0.970.837.7435.1236.897.07-4.61389555270.00


Stratus Feeder Ltd C1.5-$ 1.5x Leverage1.611.1011.5456.0658.4710.66-7.051537476737.00


Stratus Feeder Ltd D-€ Standard Leverage0.900.687.5734.8837.377.08-4.6645363352.00


Stratus Feeder Ltd E1.5-€ 1.5x Leverage1.470.9811.3955.8459.3810.64-7.01242055973.00


STS Partners Fund0.654.403.7755.43146.877.09-4.231500000000.00


SunMoon Capital LP0.782.01-3.813.94...9.22-8.4811500000.00


Swell Investments, LP2.1310.3013.41127.57...7.64-4.784481702.00


Sycee China Equity4.21-9.39-11.0219.299.2327.80-21.5844238189.00


SYFOGLOMAD Ltd6.43-23.10-30.94-12.481.8529.13-35.1135000000.00


Symphony Adagio Fund0.88-4.54-5.455.4522.315.53-8.04627400000.00


Symphony Andante Fund LP0.88-4.55-5.465.5322.445.53-8.05627400000.00


Symphony Arpeggio Fund0.572.622.447.4712.261.52-1.05...


Symphony Bravura 99 Fund LP0.29-4.71-3.77-0.12-4.454.21-6.1078900000.00


Symphony Overture Fund LP-0.24-5.51-4.68-2.26-5.984.06-6.47191300000.00


Symphony Rhapsody Fund LP0.582.802.737.8013.101.55-1.03470120440.00


Synaptic Medical Fund, L.P.0.06-0.39-7.5132.7967.097.95-10.911224000.00


Synchrony Value Fund6.6624.0153.87177.42...28.32-8.701980000.00


SYW LP1.228.51-37.39-24.79-41.6437.80-42.3014220000.00


SZITIC Chongyang Trust 66.84-5.31-3.5450.5945.4222.17-19.35...


SZITIC Longrising Trust 8-0.93-16.20-1.55111.01103.8320.61-16.20...


SZITIC Milestone View Trust 2-2.62-18.603.42102.72164.7947.85-26.18...


SZITIC Pearl River 2(HuiLi 10)-4.56-11.93-14.8047.3563.0538.23-27.93...


SZITIC Rose Finch 103.14-10.77-2.6495.33101.7330.50-24.45...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected A-2.34-14.64-1.0287.83130.7519.69-14.64...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected B-2.34-14.68-1.0687.75130.6819.70-14.68...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected C-2.34-14.62-0.9887.95131.1319.69-14.62...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected D-2.34-14.62-0.9788.02131.1619.70-14.62...


SZITIC-Minsen Zunxiang C0.39-20.54-26.29......23.64-28.23...


SZITIC-Ruijin 2 (Zhanbo)-2.62-13.48-1.27......16.44-13.48...


SZITIC-Ruijin 3 (Bodao Target Buffer)1.21-14.21-3.27......26.52-23.52...


Tail Wind Fund Ltd1.21-6.81-19.79...............


Tallgrass Capital LP3.200.35-10.36-7.2145.5115.95-20.5117800000.00


Tantallon Fund0.20-12.63-14.51-8.68-9.1225.37-23.0225000000.00


TC Longwu Quantitative Hedged 12-0.31-2.40..................


TCA Global Credit Fund B EUR0.793.966.4732.4275.840.83......


TCA Global Credit Fund G Sterling0.813.976.7429.1272.860.94...266000000.00


TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP1.154.658.2835.0783.450.97...266000000.00


Teak Hill Fund Class A-1 USD1.95-20.83-27.02-1.8540.4417.32-28.41...


Teak Hill Fund Class B-1 EUR1.77-21.83-27.493.9643.2317.22-28.75...


Teak Hill Fund Class C-1 Yen1.91-24.05-30.22-1.2640.3817.62-31.53...


Telemetry Fund I, L.P.-2.06-19.11-35.67-21.35-10.4312.72-33.3162000000.00


Telligent Greater China Master Fund, LP2.19-7.06-10.45-0.700.4917.98-17.01258000000.00


Tera Capital Global Innovation CAD4.80-10.826.193.61-40.1919.48-17.76...


Tera High Income Fund2.995.852.82-0.804.676.51-5.323000000.00


Teraz Fund11.5871.3859.4152.36...26.65-9.326000000.00


Teton Capital Partners, L.P.2.55-2.61-1.9944.9389.8110.76-6.521023000000.00


Thai Focused Equity Fund Ltd Class A & C9.0431.0835.8735.2866.8912.55-3.79257112743.00


The 1.2 Fund Ltd-0.564.793.0930.5329.417.27-4.9931000000.00


The Antares European Fund LP3.36-14.47-11.3019.6234.7516.75-17.25...


The Antares European Fund Ltd EUR3.36-14.56-11.4019.8436.6816.77-17.34...


The Antares European Fund Ltd USD3.41-14.49-11.2819.5435.6016.69-17.31...


The Argentina Fund class A0.1111.1728.80......28.18-7.42...


The Asgard Fixed Income I Ltd1.9910.8112.1142.76124.226.81-2.99299213435.00


The Bliss LP2.801.75-0.8814.5631.037.82-7.2324500000.00


The Catpricorn Fund Class A0.452.363.8511.4923.810.93-0.1542048974.00


The Collier Fund, Ltd.3.88-0.31-18.102.0225.6614.89-24.1735075206.00


The Cypress Partners L.P.2.131.14-5.96......10.31-9.38342000000.00


The Entrepreneurial Value Fund, L.P.5.17-1.50-18.26-0.6731.6916.82-24.6279760486.00


The GLI Fund7.3716.21-2.3635.4872.4926.09-23.6694393613.00


The Greater Asian Hedge Fund2.1824.5115.95-1.14-25.0813.36-9.6672928965.00


The Hare and Tortoise Multi-Strategy 10.300.70..................


The Horizon Fund0.062.894.4914.5724.351.44-0.3179713064.00


THE IKOS HEDGE Fund-0.92-2.160.275.18-0.854.80-2.90...


The Kawa Offshore Feeder Fund Ltd0.66-1.211.6619.1646.695.14-2.41265000000.00


The Kawa Onshore Feeder Fund LLC0.66-1.291.6819.5346.935.25-2.5062000000.00


The Lucerne Capital Fund, L.P.6.50-18.29-22.3818.9553.7519.16-27.12353000000.00


The Plato Fund, LP5.001.08-0.166.3449.9315.89-8.57...


The Prosperity Quest Fund A4.7121.5513.17-14.54-35.9120.89-12.2560019403.00


The Prosperity Quest Fund B4.7121.5613.17-14.04-35.6720.89-12.2548114965.00


The Rhino Small-Cap Financial Fund4.4811.209.5618.80203.1510.70-6.9526000000.00


The SFP Value Realization Fund Ltd USD7.04-15.94-16.8841.31203.7825.48-25.69...


The Tech Trader Fund5.206.30...............7717500.00


The Wine Investment Fund Limited3.599.187.87-4.52-27.484.17-1.848052707.00


The Wine Investment Fund Ltd-US$ Tranche4.690.09-9.84-18.61...10.23-13.8879659.00


TIG Arbitrage Associates LP0.001.402.135.2918.182.85-1.34133200000.00


TIG Arbitrage Associates Ltd0.001.402.135.3415.512.85-1.34133200000.00


TIG Arbitrage Enhanced, L.P0.083.444.9213.73...5.33-2.4970000000.00


TIG Arbitrage Enhanced, Ltd.0.083.444.9213.73...5.33-2.49135500000.00


Toccata Capital Fund1.5210.764.661.9248.2114.18-8.87...


Tonga Partners LP3.60-0.29-9.889.1947.9616.63-16.45116500000.00


Tosca7.05-15.12-14.17-15.33-15.0921.12-21.13...


Toscafund Mid Cap Acc A GBP0.685.40-3.3132.6882.998.30-8.27...


Toscafund Opportunity Class A Ser2 USD0.807.17-3.6640.0249.329.96-10.10...


TPH Diversified Energy SMA Strategy-1.5022.80-7.36-21.80-26.5043.85-37.10114000000.00


TPH Energy Equity Opportunities Fund-3.2017.27-13.33......49.77-40.48101000000.00


TPH Energy Infrastructure Fund LP-1.000.19-18.03-12.58...15.76-22.27132000000.00


TPH Energy Infrastructure Offshore Fd LP-1.000.19-17.99-11.71...15.75-22.23132000000.00


TPH Midstream Opportunities Fund-1.103.45...............9000000.00


TPH MLP Fund LP-1.307.27-24.26-15.13...29.12-36.8815400000.00


Tractus Capital Fund1.70-1.94-0.7313.6420.9810.93-6.6316498591.00


Trend Macro Fund LP0.573.904.5313.7039.533.41-2.49116000000.00


TRF Master Fund (Cayman), L.P.0.039.648.3321.7817.435.53-2.0292657604.00


Tristan Offshore Fund, Ltd.4.70-2.02-12.0826.9092.0017.64-17.3745428353.00


Tristan Partners, LP4.80-2.17-13.32-1.2634.2418.65-18.9036700000.00


Tsai Capital Fund LLC3.13-11.10-33.56-18.90-8.7321.95-36.3715984989.00


TTCO Dingtaiyan 25.24-2.436.78......32.96-23.93...


TTCO SINO China Growth Brand Trust6.82-29.01-35.36...............


TTCO Yinlei Growth 1-0.581.5010.83...............


TTCO Yunze 23.78-13.98-18.29......31.71-30.81...


TTCO Zhongzhuo Growth 12.79-12.83..................


Twin Offshore, Ltd.1.711.600.35-0.1430.0913.48-8.33213000000.00


Twin Securities LP1.711.740.660.6831.3113.47-8.17108160000.00


UBS (Cay) EUR High Yld Pls A EUR2.062.311.6613.55...5.14-3.827955069.00


UBS (Cay) EUR High Yld Pls A Mds EUR1.35-2.67-6.644.29...5.13-8.059445107.00


UBS (Cay) EUR High Yld Pls A Mds HKD1.41-2.11-5.945.22...5.10-7.764335584.00


UBS (Cay) EUR High Yld Pls A Mds USD1.46-2.08-5.974.80...5.16-7.8930341518.00


UBS (Cay) EUR High Yld Pls A USD2.153.302.9517.46...5.04-3.367921564.00


Ucan Compound Interest Fund 30.6811.183.55......9.80-8.90...


UFG Russia Select Fund2.9025.7721.03-3.95-19.2514.47-6.51170800000.00


UG Greater China Multi-Strategy Fund4.47-0.7316.74104.1287.0628.80-16.48567477380.00


UG Hidden Dragon Special Opportunity Fd5.37-5.721.0685.1964.5630.10-20.83397504461.00


Ultramarine Global Value Fund0.302.555.06......3.32-0.89209787.00


Unimar Total Return Bond Fund, LP4.8223.500.539.48...20.22-24.44...


USDR Investment Management Core Funds4.4412.91-2.007.4352.5213.48-16.56...


V1 - Volatility Trading program-1.367.558.1615.83...9.33-6.7730000.00


Valley Forge Capital LP6.056.357.1736.42103.9414.43-9.53147050000.00


Vantage Global Investment Fund2.393.292.92-4.88-13.966.35-2.90209000000.00


Vantage Protected Performance Fund3.165.4510.2534.6436.6110.44-6.72162000000.00


Vantage World Equity Fund4.484.942.688.219.4215.40-8.0849000000.00


Vaquero US EM Credit Fund LP-2.960.19-9.08-31.64-37.918.24-10.9632026777.00


Varden Pacific Opp Offshore I LTD3.7021.629.5136.91...19.42-13.62114716662.00


Varden Pacific Opportunity Partners I LP3.7121.709.6437.2662.7219.44-13.58239635757.00


Venator Founders Fund5.040.640.8137.2679.1214.05-12.7378000000.00


Venator Income Fund1.4711.156.1821.9553.569.08-6.5972000000.00


Venator Partners Fund A4.890.40-1.51......14.37-13.7558000000.00


Venator Select Fund A2.946.7016.68......22.67-13.1219000000.00


Verition Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd.1.743.7412.4546.2679.636.41-1.01...


Verno Capital Growth Fund Ltd - Class B3.4818.6911.30-21.46-35.9718.98-12.869934228.00


Verno Capital Growth Fund Ltd - Class E23.5519.3012.28-19.35-33.0919.00-12.7314775401.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd EUR0.541.32-6.77-5.15-8.736.23-9.5013160.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd GBP0.591.55-6.68-5.34-10.686.39-9.671482197.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd USD0.471.57-6.63-5.23-8.896.26-9.4929781.00


Victory Arcadia Fund Class A USD0.487.2011.40......2.50-0.24...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class B GBP0.467.2811.6225.4343.452.55-0.23...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class C EUR0.386.5510.5123.4640.342.50-0.29...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class D JPY21.6228.9033.61......20.90-0.28...


Vision Finance China Ocean Fund3.14-3.12-1.7939.69...22.46-11.841000000.00


Vision Opportunity Fund LP0.783.858.4523.3047.986.26-4.16142000000.00


Vision Opportunity Fund Trust0.734.2610.0823.0144.536.82-4.3830000000.00


VL Cap Quantitative US Equity Strategy7.626.26-0.7846.15...17.96-12.071300000.00


Volpoint Fund, LP15.85..................1265080.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP C1.7714.95...............187595646.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP D1.8610.85...............416449045.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP E2.51..................538711.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP F0.02..................5681294.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP G3.292.42...............12446427.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP K2.590.21...............6680446.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP L2.262.00...............28119464.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP X-0.49..................31196989.00


VRX I Investment Fund SPC - SP Z4.37-7.65...............888873.00


VTB Capital Russia & CIS Equity Fund Ltd5.9529.5814.30-14.07...23.67-10.8910973600.00


VTB Capital Russia & CIS FI Fd Ltd1.299.3612.796.47...5.35-1.6519056355.00


Wake Convertible Arbitrage SP 1 EUR6.74-1.22-7.80-8.48-17.9111.52-13.62...


Wake Convertible Arbitrage SP 1 USD6.82-0.71-7.53-9.87-17.7911.26-13.44...


Waratah Income Fund2.106.673.5420.5232.189.51-7.9351000000.00


Waratah One1.802.160.6120.2131.854.49-4.72755000000.00


Waratah Performance Fund5.103.40-0.0127.1942.0213.28-13.22289000000.00


Warwick Investment Partnership, LP1.671.97-0.5231.64...7.20-5.982076163.00


Wasserstein Debt Opportunities Fund, LP5.1213.82-3.8511.46...15.09-20.92...


WCM Hudson Valley Partners, L.P.0.841.07-2.890.524.607.40-6.2454755645.00


WCM Merger Fund Ltd.0.830.89-3.51-0.912.927.45-6.6754755645.00


WD Offshore Fund Ltd-2.530.37-1.3817.60-2.0619.50-14.255000000.00


WD Partnership LP-2.461.030.0223.205.8919.42-13.8623500000.00


Weiss Alpha Balanced Risk - Onshore Fund1.777.583.29......5.06-4.222683319.00


Welton Global Directional Portfolio2.3217.1812.6656.8417.4218.51-8.53527000000.00


Westerly Partners L.P.1.963.384.3725.1451.8115.89-11.7765000000.00


Western Investment Hedged Partners1.505.627.0616.1917.915.76-1.7932800000.00


Western Investment Total Return Ptnrs2.046.537.0118.8625.666.92-3.3014700000.00


Westray Long/Short Feeder Fund4.214.425.42......10.58-5.16...


Wexford Catalyst Fund, L.P.0.7316.87-0.6026.8325.1817.55-20.76148400000.00


Wexford Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P.0.7617.769.0319.7530.2713.14-12.4267300000.00


Wexford Offshore Catalyst Fund Limited0.7317.29-0.2421.0719.6717.81-20.9181300000.00


Wexford Offshore Credit Opts Limited0.7615.326.7816.0125.0610.88-10.9841200000.00


Wexford Offshore Spectrum Fund0.553.32-10.626.8812.7211.04-18.62686800000.00


Wexford Spectrum Fund, L.P.0.553.46-10.688.4416.1710.99-18.67590500000.00


WF Asia Limited2.30-1.852.0227.0857.3710.38-7.70834000000.00


Whitefield Asian Opportunities4.455.71-4.6612.20...18.03-18.2453354260.00


Whitehaven Correlation Fd Seg Portfolio-0.133.399.4827.25...3.71-1.3966006227.00


Wholesale SHARE-PLUS Fund4.940.000.8731.8591.6011.90-5.991106640366.00


Windmill Partners LP2.901.51-1.7112.7726.758.36-7.9721800000.00


Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited1.606.693.7012.2724.866.42-4.841490000000.00


Woodsford Asset Allocator Fund3.500.49-4.4316.5333.1913.31-12.0922030471.00


WPS Capital Fund LLC2.743.830.184.7418.778.59-8.2852177854.00


Wykeham Capital Asia Value Fund2.426.46-5.6364.1962.2920.68-19.4841057615.00


Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value LP7.567.7313.5418.4724.2118.96-11.3887300000.00


Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value LP I7.737.6314.3321.4327.3119.09-11.01137000000.00


Wynnefield Small Cap Value Offshore Ltd7.215.3115.1015.2934.2722.24-13.2354800000.00


Xinfu Create Value 6-0.97.....................


YNIT Xinfu Create Value 13.64-1.0824.32......24.02-14.97...


YNIT Xinfu Create Value 5-1.05-5.42..................


Z Europe Fund EURO Ltd.2.67-2.15-13.12-13.15-1.5916.00-21.1617028000.00


Z Europe Fund USD Ltd2.37-2.62-13.30-15.34-5.9415.10-20.512300000.00


Zafiro Capital Commodities Trading Fund32.12-21.24-15.09......76.36-50.13...


ZAIS Opportunity Fund Ltd. A18.6111.10-2.8413.7951.6119.54-24.43115370000.00


ZAIS Opportunity Fund Ltd. Series B8.5811.35-2.5916.0058.4519.54-24.34286180000.00


ZAIS Opportunity Fund Series A8.6010.98-3.04......19.58-24.5611180000.00


ZAIS Opportunity Fund Series B8.6311.30-2.73......19.61-24.473080000.00


Zebra Global Equity Fund LP-Beta Neutral-0.50-4.23-0.2314.6330.076.36-5.96255000000.00


Zebra Japan Liquidity Return7.15-13.69-17.8125.7882.5722.64-23.29453500000.00


Zentrum Asia Opportunity Fund Segre Port1.430.94-4.8224.4336.978.46-7.8132680000.00


Zexi Trust 40.922.019.31637.87703.115.37-0.96...


ZRITC HanHe Capital Trust 18.5711.3328.09...............


CISDM Convertible Arbitrage Index1.271.57


Perinvest Convertible Ltd5.98-8.88-11.5017.9828.9220.37-17.3914815555.00


Pine River Convertibles Fund0.187.15-0.205.4935.838.62-9.83...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible EUR1.191.230.236.4119.742.06-1.92...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible GBP1.231.520.737.7621.802.09-1.68...


Polar Capital ALVA Glb Convertible USD1.271.790.987.7321.672.08-1.65...


Quest Global Convertible Fund LTD1.010.591.6748.0989.081.92-0.78...


Symphony Arpeggio Fund0.572.622.447.4712.261.52-1.05...


Symphony Rhapsody Fund LP0.582.802.737.8013.101.55-1.03470120440.00


Wake Convertible Arbitrage SP 1 EUR6.74-1.22-7.80-8.48-17.9111.52-13.62...


Wake Convertible Arbitrage SP 1 USD6.82-0.71-7.53-9.87-17.7911.26-13.44...


Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited1.606.693.7012.2724.866.42-4.841490000000.00


CISDM Distressed Securities Index0.833.79


Auctus Fund LLC0.6014.3824.78289.33...3.46...6134000.00


Contrarian Capital Fund I3.545.10-2.239.0438.878.07-10.24259264316.00


CONTRARIAN EM OFFSHORE FUND, LTD.7.071.357.0728.6640.4311.05-7.73...


Contrarian Emerging Markets, L.P.7.071.357.0728.6640.4311.05-7.73...


Contrarian Fund I Offshore3.548.852.089.0438.878.07-10.24...


Corre Opportunities Fund LP3.4420.157.2324.8544.6313.11-14.8773806466.00


Endeavour Pembroke Fund Limited2.745.041.5829.5415.628.15-6.9734200000.00


JLP Credit Opportunity Cayman Fund Ltd3.6521.39-3.77-31.28-23.6220.57-27.31262300000.00


JLP Credit Opportunity Fund LP3.6521.39-3.77-31.28-23.6620.57-27.31206600000.00


JLP Partners Fund LP10.7118.417.4413.9745.0721.04-19.3615200000.00


JLP Partners Fund Ltd10.7118.437.440.6227.9921.04-19.37600000.00


Numen Credit Opportunities Fund-0.701.250.669.9653.724.52-2.93111000000.00


PENN Distressed LP1.441.84-28.80-31.92-26.5816.05-29.838736308.00


Regan Distressed Credit Fund, LP0.250.562.4934.46...1.46-1.10265540000.00


Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund LLC.0.709.96-0.673.9215.557.62-9.742500000.00


Scoggin Worldwide Distressed Fund Ltd.0.709.92-0.733.7715.097.63-9.752500000.00


Simplon International Limited0.909.543.69-17.52-8.077.72-5.72172580000.00


Spinnaker Global Emerging Markets K10.745.5812.6314.9822.497.81-6.06906450000.00


Spinnaker Global Opportunity K10.701.273.477.328.277.25-3.64186350000.00


STS Partners Fund0.654.403.7755.43146.877.09-4.231500000000.00


The Kawa Offshore Feeder Fund Ltd0.66-1.211.6619.1646.695.14-2.41265000000.00


The Kawa Onshore Feeder Fund LLC0.66-1.291.6819.5346.935.25-2.5062000000.00


USDR Investment Management Core Funds4.4412.91-2.007.4352.5213.48-16.56...


Wexford Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P.0.7617.769.0319.7530.2713.14-12.4267300000.00


Wexford Offshore Credit Opts Limited0.7615.326.7816.0125.0610.88-10.9841200000.00


CISDM Equity Long/Short Index2.451.95


1060 Capital Opportunity Fund, LP0.7411.0317.2863.01...14.86-4.92...


1C Investment Fund I, LP3.18-5.65-5.92-0.37...12.73-12.591290000.00


8 Dragons China Opportunities0.50-4.235.32......10.54-7.7514000000.00


Absolute Return Global Opportunities A3.6212.21...............3006926.00


Absolute Return Global Opportunities B5.89-1.20...............7330850.00


ACK Asset Partners LP2.386.713.1327.0946.708.01-7.19387000000.00


ACL Global Fund Limited4.665.85-0.0648.7970.5414.97-10.8292020460.00


Advisory Research Energy Fund-0.245.89-13.04-39.86-41.1525.50-25.7076449056.00


AFINA Affinity Fund LP5.7013.153.10......18.50-13.421243830.00


AKAMATSU BONSAI FUND JPY CLASS A2.53-0.87-2.9252.09124.5117.39-11.86...


AKAMATSU BONSAI FUND USD CLASS B2.57-1.01-3.1650.55115.6017.54-12.33...


All Seasons Global Alpha Funds6.6211.462.78-3.74...16.97-13.398823188.00


Alpha II Long/Short Equity Strategy-0.127.9510.51......14.30-6.02...


AlphaGen Capella Fund Limited (Class A)0.06-5.71-6.636.6227.555.33-6.9169882632.00


AlphaGen Capella Fund Limited (Class B)-0.05-6.17-7.206.1429.625.37-7.20...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Class B0.35-1.480.5715.2229.433.97-2.21...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Class C0.47-1.031.3316.9032.513.95-2.20...


AlphaGen Octanis Fund Limited (Class A)0.46-0.931.3116.3031.373.84-2.03430320042.00


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Limited (Class A)2.91-1.73-4.95-0.02...9.59-8.21483096955.00


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class D)2.87-2.222.166.47...9.58-6.20...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class E)2.74-2.72-6.54-3.03...9.53-9.54...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd (Class F)2.90-2.36-5.66-1.79...9.72-8.92...


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd Class B2.79-2.47-6.11-1.779.289.55-9.22469694502.00


AlphaGen Volantis Fund Ltd Class C2.95-2.08-5.20-0.29...9.72-8.55...


AM Capital8.68-21.77-56.46-60.39-58.7744.69-59.942100443.00


Anson Investments Master Fund LP0.700.7115.2865.6755.586.47-1.25154400000.00


Apis Global Deep Value, LP3.1213.0617.0469.8698.1211.84-5.90...


Apis Offshore Capital, Ltd.3.285.655.5029.7167.8210.45-7.08...


Apprecia Capital Fund I LP5.295.068.9633.7899.5618.27-11.029362158.00


APS ASIA PACIFIC LONG SHORT (CAYMAN) A-0.10-4.101.5342.8751.3918.96-13.58274304015.00


APS ASIA PACIFIC LONG SHORT (CAYMAN) B-0.16-4.520.8240.1252.8418.95-13.6962180654.00


Arbiter Partners Class C-0.63-6.43-7.74-4.6640.7920.42-16.08686000000.00


Ardsley Partners Fund II LP3.73-4.99-17.15-3.623.7918.33-23.68514185571.00


Ardsley Partners Renewable Energy LP3.624.69-7.8613.4718.1714.17-17.32130487476.00


Argonaut Global Equities Partnership LP0.22-30.10-36.02-4.73-17.6619.62-36.1621000000.00


Aristides Fund LP3.17-1.941.9214.9453.715.93-5.2864800000.00


Arteaga Global Partners, LP0.877.464.626.4915.206.63-4.5335000000.00


Artorius Offshore Investments Ltd0.330.834.1120.6533.982.33-0.5931268000.00


Artorius Partners II, LP0.361.034.3621.7436.642.30-0.5660869000.00


Ascend Partners Fund I LP0.00-4.84-4.739.1911.533.18-4.847129805.00


Ascend Partners Fund I Ltd-0.02-4.94-4.948.619.503.15-4.9791577880.00


Ascend Partners Fund II BPO Ltd0.09-4.76-4.698.8810.543.26-4.96132372721.00


Ascend Partners Fund II LP0.12-4.67-4.519.8811.823.34-4.97665047973.00


Ascend Partners Fund II Ltd0.11-4.69-4.579.3911.933.25-4.92459622702.00


Asuka Opportunities Offshore Tr II JPY-0.89-3.79-3.5922.0140.554.50-4.99140993504.00


Athanase Industrial Partners Fd II E SEK3.244.24..................


Avondale Conquest I2.900.90-1.698.6112.516.18-5.6125129000.00


Baker Street Capital Partners LP2.00-70.18-86.09......48.58-86.36146000000.00


Barington Companies Equity Partners L.P.6.027.82..................


Barrington Opportunity Fund, LP4.4214.2117.3920.3948.4825.15-14.952677682.00


Bay II Resource Partners LP3.901.530.7916.6931.0913.07-9.261017000000.00


Bay Resource Partners LP3.303.111.2716.4626.5212.23-9.211128000000.00


Bay Resource Partners Offshore Fund Ltd4.501.32-0.3116.0429.9013.56-9.972113000000.00


BCM Weston, L.P.5.3612.656.6437.3996.1725.34-19.2877824000.00


BDC Fund II1.874.524.93-3.71-10.9810.72-9.713443858.00


Big Dividend Hedge Strategy4.234.911.8125.9748.0414.83-9.8920962712.00


Blue Opportunity Fund LP2.827.369.5149.2493.495.04-3.14...


BMO Canadian Alpha Plus Fund - Advisor3.824.32-5.7221.3440.9610.83-13.641369809.00


BMO Canadian Alpha Plus Fund - Series F3.915.89-3.84......10.61-12.351035.00


Braddock Partners LP3.345.521.6045.28129.8812.24-7.31349727842.00


Braddock Partners Offshore Ltd3.805.781.8042.85126.7014.69-8.7421051926.00


Bradford Capital, L.P.3.144.16-1.788.1722.5711.61-10.8523000000.00


Brasada Long-Short Equity Fund, LP0.400.88-4.250.654.949.90-10.5627539590.00


Brightlight Capital Partners LP2.04-6.310.3034.9766.299.19-9.47...


Broadmark Dynmc Enhnd Eqty Alpha Strgy4.830.042.249.6924.0711.75-6.1290506045.00


Broadwalk Select Services Fund Limited4.30-9.84-8.8735.2885.0514.03-13.5662126164.00


Brompton Energy Oppo Series 20100.8530.06-4.54-31.18-52.1724.32-26.60626378.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities 20090.8530.07-4.53-31.08-52.0924.32-26.601298128.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities Cl A0.8429.95-4.67-31.58-52.5024.31-26.64215940.00


Brompton Energy Opportunities Cl F0.9030.64-3.77-30.09-50.5024.33-26.341034430.00


Bronte Capital Callisto Fund LP4.401.321.9917.4665.7410.85-5.1315200000.00


Canterbury Growth Fund Ltd4.50-5.82-11.461.39-8.2116.16-19.002200000.00


Capital Returns, LP7.45-4.57-2.1016.8550.8517.28-12.27...


Cavendish Investment Partners LP1.025.855.03......11.71-6.48...


CCI Technology Partners, L.P.-0.281.12-1.6517.9126.516.72-6.79...


Cedar Street Offshore Fund LTD (Class A)3.793.691.529.9335.2511.31-7.7917600000.00


Cedar Street Offshore Fund LTD (Class C)1.871.272.107.6221.966.97-4.4718200000.00


Cedar Street Onshore Fund LP (Class A)3.693.631.9510.7435.5511.28-7.6412800000.00


Cedar Street Onshore Fund LP (Class B)1.861.452.257.6021.916.93-4.4512400000.00


Cedar Street Teton Fund CL A1.337.605.9046.57...9.70-6.8474800000.00


Cederberg Greater China Equity A6.95-2.96-3.7532.85...26.74-17.44119623517.00


Cheyne European Event Driven Fd A Euro-0.49-6.21-13.27-4.07-0.4110.79-13.74293253498.00


Chilton Investment Partners, L.P.0.65-6.91-3.9518.5556.438.29-7.51106000000.00


Chilton QP European Partners, L.P.2.65-3.96-1.389.1634.747.85-6.44314000000.00


China Absolute Fund Limited-0.35-5.38-4.0025.66...14.31-7.8648200000.00


CIRRUS CAPITAL PARTNERS LP1.172.084.6714.2634.083.16-1.406400000.00


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 EUR2.737.24-0.79-1.6738.0410.26-7.49...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 GBP2.837.04-0.61-1.3639.9210.59-7.14...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A1 USD2.737.40-0.63-1.1038.1410.42-7.47...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A2 GBP2.847.05-0.60-1.3639.9310.61-7.15...


Clareville Pegasus Fd Ltd A2 USD2.757.41-0.62-1.0937.7110.43-7.48...


COMPOUND Capital Investment Fund L.P.10.16-2.03-15.84-9.6515.5824.16-24.3428825043.00


Connective Capital Emerging Energy QP, L0.804.56-0.1859.3023.0615.67-12.3811624086.00


Connective Capital I Offshore Fund Ltd0.401.621.4918.075.119.03-6.744326000.00


Connective Capital I QP LP0.552.312.5621.089.848.33-5.8224612294.00


Consumer Metrics L.P.2.14-1.12-14.48-18.92-8.0212.03-21.105150267.00


Continental Healthcare Fund4.186.376.6126.1875.3016.00-10.58100619000.00


Continental Opportunities Fund6.538.671.53-7.6218.7619.41-14.2439217000.00


Continental Partners, L.P.6.27-5.05-9.92-2.9937.6818.89-18.05119761000.00


Corsair Select, L.P.2.303.39-8.245.7722.2317.26-18.80367000000.00


Crawford Lake Enhanced Onshore Fund LP2.9712.6925.50......6.66-0.36...


Crawford Lake Offshore Partners, Ltd.1.425.55...............32000000.00


Crawford Lake Onshore Partners LP1.425.6711.1033.6369.413.48-0.35...


CRM Global Opportunities1.272.443.5614.3321.334.18-2.0369400263.00


Crosslink Emerging Growth Fund, L.P.1.76-2.542.3424.9331.5911.54-9.74562000000.00


Crosslink Partners Fund LP2.10-2.382.2423.1929.7811.09-9.4788000000.00


Curvature Market Neutral Fund Class A0.121.693.3319.0535.302.76-0.719708000.00


Curvature Market Neutral Fund Class F0.192.184.4222.2941.522.78-0.64...


Cuttyhunk Fund II Limited Unrestricted3.69-1.08-11.140.7216.3216.98-17.6810000000.00


DAFNA LifeScience Ltd6.09-2.93-5.8724.22117.9621.97-20.93104939000.00


DAFNA LifeScience Select Ltd6.36-4.06-6.9429.75138.1123.15-22.2267108000.00


Derns Market Opportunity Fund, LP2.352.80-4.260.129.248.52-10.7921000000.00


DGHM Enhanced Value4.168.97-0.577.9934.979.98-10.3115093794.00


DGHM Enhanced Value Ltd4.168.53-1.685.4830.7110.10-11.024943790.00


Diamond A Partners LP0.38-2.7620.3242.56109.3539.97-28.9927800000.00


Diamond Capital Fund3.703.574.2229.0150.1115.05-7.2022741662.00


DKAM Capital Ideas Fund LP1.95-7.79-17.0548.9385.2215.45-18.64258200000.00


Doric Asia Pacific Small Cap Fd4.00-0.64-2.1049.7771.8614.83-14.93218000000.00


Dorset Energy Fund Ltd Series A0.5748.214.01-34.35-36.4350.48-38.60103700000.00


Downtown Associates I, L.P.-1.8413.008.3011.86-4.3012.63-4.9137901981.00


Downtown Associates II, L.P.-2.7912.7710.0715.391.9212.96-4.7129401695.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance1.93-1.64-3.1211.0115.164.69-5.81131008643.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series FH1.98-1.57-2.7511.5717.424.89-5.50...


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series H1.88-1.99-3.578.1811.664.62-6.06...


Dynamic Alpha Performance Series T1.93-1.74-3.2310.8414.924.77-5.906793608.00


Dynamic Alpha Performance Sr F1.99-1.08-2.2613.9320.724.67-5.34273588822.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opp Fund A34.920.36-9.92......12.98-20.492667188.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opp Fund F34.961.02-8.92......12.94-20.00319607.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opportunities A4.980.41-9.85......12.97-20.451234958.00


Dynamic Global Growth Opportunities F5.121.02-8.70......12.88-19.818034533.00


Dynamic Income Opportunities2.852.07-0.8526.4640.276.58-8.2016278346.00


Dynamic Income Opportunity Series F2.952.690.2729.7946.766.64-7.6326558713.00


Eagle I LP4.39-4.27-9.506.32-0.5716.06-17.9615000000.00


Ecofin Vista Long/Short Fund0.28-5.08-8.948.74...8.69-11.51...


Eden Alpha, Limited Partnership3.69-1.761.4236.12...20.21-11.3820000000.00


Electron Global Fund, LP2.090.372.1528.51...7.20-4.64...


Eleven Fund3.4413.026.3414.71...9.40-7.7612000000.00


Elliott Aggressive Long/Short Fund7.837.69-23.28......38.91-33.56...


Enhanced South Korea Index Fund0.003.974.66-0.01-15.3921.42-13.5251850829.00


Enhanced Taiwan Index Fund0.008.84-1.0413.296.1417.39-13.0973697384.00


Enlihtan Global Opportunity Fund3.0910.4812.1120.0421.607.88-3.409073476.00


Esplanade Capital Electron Partners LP0.80-3.91-2.498.8725.3017.35-7.86...


Esplanade Capital Partners I LLC2.32-2.83-1.5610.9730.6411.60-7.76...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 13.03-1.411.1039.7449.4710.02-5.33...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 33.31-1.890.3238.2546.4010.14-5.98...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund Class 42.88-1.470.6332.6739.819.32-4.84...


Euronova Smaller Companies Fund-Class 22.64-1.510.5336.2644.368.96-4.8442232830.00


European Conviction Fund Ltd EUR2.17-1.57-5.75-7.801.088.90-7.90...


European Conviction Fund Ltd GBP2.18-1.46-5.24-6.672.749.10-7.55...


European Conviction Fund Ltd USD2.28-1.03-4.89-6.792.638.95-7.53...


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR A1.46-9.68-11.040.5915.428.86-13.05...


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR AX1.46-9.68-11.030.5915.428.86-13.05341400000.00


European Forager Fund Ltd EUR AY1.54-9.16-10.083.46...8.84-12.21...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP C1.34-9.77-10.651.56...9.12-12.60...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP CX1.33-9.77-10.651.5614.099.12-12.60...


European Forager Fund Ltd GBP CY1.42-9.24-9.684.3922.579.09-11.79...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD B1.55-9.18-10.191.6516.868.91-12.31...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD BX1.54-9.17-10.191.6516.858.90-12.31...


European Forager Fund Ltd USD BY1.62-8.64-9.194.5522.578.89-11.46...


Ewing Morris Opportunities Fund LP A3.4511.0512.0430.86...10.43-4.9571993547.00


Financial Opportunity Fund LLC2.76-1.1310.0751.95124.8211.59-8.84151100000.00


First Eagle Pacific2.065.05-0.755.6217.3210.56-10.3092228898.00


Five Corners Partners LP1.911.110.7115.2554.638.82-7.9999500000.00


Formula Growth Alpha Fund1.262.464.0119.93...8.43-5.7374400000.00


Formula Growth Global Opportunities Fund3.22-0.28-11.12-10.98-13.4912.60-17.6345900000.00


Formula Growth Hedge Fund3.473.839.2320.2828.9515.69-8.59194200000.00


Front Street CDN Energy Resource Fund B3.0866.7141.357.01-56.8730.23-16.7212468401.00


Front Street CDN Energy Resource Fund F3.1867.9542.9010.61-55.0330.34-16.363484682.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S A EUR1.67-8.180.1914.1355.808.43-9.6966000000.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S B USD1.75-8.190.3113.6955.238.56-9.77108000000.00


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S C EUR1.67-8.180.1914.1355.818.43-9.69...


GAM Talentum Enhanced Europe L/S D USD1.75-8.190.3013.6855.308.56-9.77...


GAM Talentum Europe Long/Short A EUR0.72-4.85-0.735.0022.014.34-5.5336000000.00


GAM Talentum Europe Long/Short B USD0.92-4.33-0.045.6922.404.38-5.2114000000.00


GAMA Select Energy Plus LP-0.31-2.21-4.48-9.57...2.75-4.481291725.00


Gargoyle Hedged Value (Master) Fund3.290.20-3.1017.6243.0010.62-8.50138000000.00


Geraty Investment Partners, LP0.980.19-0.78-1.9844.083.14-2.448000000.00


Giano Capital Ltd EUR0.11-5.46-0.583.0712.198.93-6.6311153376.00


Ginga Service Sector Fund1.903.1112.46......6.56-2.8910948875000.00


Ginga Service Sector Fund USD1.863.5813.31......6.49-2.5897000000.00


Goodwood A5.313.38-18.4712.368.6414.51-22.808327914.00


Goodwood B5.313.37-18.4812.328.6914.51-22.8116481923.00


Granada Europe Fund Ltd CHF0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Granada Europe Fund Ltd EUR0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Granada Europe Fund Ltd USD0.372.650.045.14-6.312.37-2.57...


Grand Slam Capital Offshore Fund1.37-11.83-16.0014.6154.2518.28-20.284843755.00


Grand Slam Capital Partners Fund1.42-13.36-17.0415.7359.0617.80-21.3027518206.00


Granite Point Capital LP2.80-2.18-10.6236.2157.3912.94-16.02110100000.00


Gutzwiller ONE USD4.290.52-6.574.8641.5021.40-18.4379590922.00


HADOH V1 Fund Ltd.1.72-7.10-7.5432.6061.399.00-9.101737000000.00


Hanover Strategic Value Fund, LP4.67-3.31-13.946.3014.3015.31-18.5724042000.00


HarborWalk MLP Fund, LP-0.1915.51-15.37-1.04...27.30-33.54...


HarborWalk Opportunistic Alpha Fund, LP2.753.613.5917.3148.288.27-3.69...


Hartwell Capital Partners LP6.91-2.62-5.3915.9920.1712.96-11.50...


Hayate Japan Equity Long-Short Fund JPY-0.174.425.6551.75202.8212.74-9.482279469009.00


HGI Real Estate Securities Fund, LP2.230.11-1.6217.47...9.44-8.54...


Hillsdale Canadian Long/Short Equity3.175.846.9834.2829.617.85-3.574000000.00


Hillsdale Canadian Performance Equity4.7926.3521.8844.8243.4615.86-8.829000000.00


Hillsdale Global Long/Short Equity U$2.76-11.15-9.625.8024.9611.82-13.53781666.00


Hirsch Performance Fund4.050.99-1.3440.1952.7210.21-9.3435157804.00


HIT Capital LLLP4.7211.285.4148.38...18.36-11.70840000.00


HMI Capital Partners, L.P.5.253.89-3.5243.1091.9119.98-18.55...


Horseman European Select Fund LP-4.39-29.02-35.82-20.016.6520.51-36.7468000000.00


Horseman European Select Fund Ltd EUR-4.53-28.02-35.01-18.08...19.55-35.91574000000.00


Horseman European Select Fund Ltd USD-4.53-28.02-35.01-17.637.5119.55-35.91322000000.00


Horseman Global Fund LP-2.712.2213.3943.68...22.34-13.38278000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd A EUR-2.683.1315.4143.2870.1922.95-13.50965000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd A USD-2.683.1315.4142.9072.5622.95-13.501145000000.00


Horseman Global Fund Ltd B EUR-2.683.1315.1843.7570.2522.86-13.501145000000.00


Iguana Healthcare Master Fund6.20-10.09-16.4126.4883.6721.14-24.19302700000.00


JC Clark Focused Opportunities Fund3.064.60-4.443.0418.3511.11-11.8919000000.00


JENOP Global Healthcare Fund A USD0.77-18.09-29.302.87...18.74-29.84159300000.00


JM Catalyst Fund2.404.729.2431.1675.584.65-2.1936600000.00


K2 Australian Absolute Return Fund AUD5.146.330.1931.0460.3611.70-10.64342100186.00


Kalo Capital Management, LP4.281.3910.5523.9942.7613.05-5.1111842000.00


Kam Wang China Value Fund0.30-4.85-4.9334.0598.0310.77-6.6837476288.00


KeyPoint Real Est Opp Hdg Fd, LP Class A1.4019.339.294.4226.3713.92-11.62260000000.00


Khaner Capital, L.P.2.276.127.5331.15...12.87-6.52...


Kingdon Associates3.00-1.97-12.4817.4427.5213.40-20.66616000000.00


Krema Absolute Return Fund LLC-1.74-11.25-15.36-31.56-31.356.56-18.08830000.00


Krensavage Offshore Fund, Ltd3.985.93-6.21......17.97-17.8074800000.00


Krensavage Partners LP4.057.56-4.64108.95307.3618.34-17.68167200000.00


KRIYA Cap SPC- KRIYA Asia Japan Alpha SP3.69-14.66-28.58-23.03-10.8422.77-34.053631000.00


Lake Street Fund LP7.4121.38...............38500000.00


Lakeroad Hedge Fund L.P.5.14-10.40-4.6243.53...15.98-15.1519530000.00


Land and Buildings Capital Growth Fund5.60-10.81-2.0835.4746.3321.50-15.54145500000.00


Landry Global Equity L/S0.563.624.269.519.737.81-5.327720793.00


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class A CAD0.281.79-10.97-13.04-5.387.99-15.30...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class F CAD0.372.45-10.00-10.14-0.077.99-14.76...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class G0.392.63-9.92-11.44...7.95-14.81...


Lazard Global Credit Fund Class U0.291.96-10.92-14.27...7.94-15.35...


LHC Capital Australia High Conviction F5.374.5324.0399.49206.6912.78-8.02172500000.00


Lightwater Long Short Fund0.633.190.2561.0749.407.81-4.95...


Lightwater Nimble Fund0.55-0.83-4.87......10.56-7.54...


LionGuard Opportunities Fund Class S0.927.028.65......12.78-4.88...


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited A USD1.71-7.48-17.170.17-14.3617.32-22.345236767.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited B Euro1.61-7.77-17.53-0.33-15.7517.09-22.21484387.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited C GBP1.76-7.95-17.69-0.44-14.9817.54-22.541063036.00


Liontrust Panthera Fund Limited D NOK1.75-7.68-17.800.46-12.5517.21-22.753208907.00


Loyola Capital Fund Ltd21.15-14.05-40.25-48.2783.0251.29-50.686641312.00


Loyola Capital Partners LP21.19-13.72-39.78-47.3283.0751.22-50.3132142666.00


LSQ Fund2.8620.6731.4160.94...6.55-0.5713000000.00


Lucas Energy Total Return Partners II LP-0.2517.42-6.56-44.84-51.5434.31-28.1610000000.00


Lucas Energy Total Return Partners LP-0.2320.24-13.83-50.72-56.9037.82-34.8522000000.00


Luminus Energy Partners QP, LP1.404.10-0.2437.9555.796.67-4.871141713481.00


M. De Groote Total Market6.6518.246.4644.35151.9328.26-19.331100084.00


M. Kingdon Offshore Ltd.3.04-1.94-12.5717.3422.7313.36-20.63933000000.00


Maga Smaller Companies Fund EUR A0.93-6.18-5.3121.8036.687.13-7.05...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund EUR B0.93-5.95-5.0322.3737.426.89-6.82...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund USD A0.97-6.09-5.1322.1737.707.07-7.00...


Maga Smaller Companies Fund USD B0.97-5.87-4.8522.7438.536.82-6.78...


Malta Hedge Fund II, LP2.18-0.244.7920.3943.065.54-4.30...


Malta Hedge Fund, LP2.26-0.075.3820.9342.645.95-4.77...


Malta MLC Fund, LP3.14-1.312.1514.6932.108.77-7.352009.00


Malta MLC Offshore, Ltd.2.97-2.050.8411.9326.268.73-7.55...


Malta Offshore, Ltd1.75-1.053.5616.5334.505.25-4.29...


Manalapan Oracle Eagle Fund LP2.294.208.0916.8825.557.06-2.3817557000.00


Marathon Partners LP5.6210.167.3729.6763.7214.23-8.69225000000.00


Marlin Fund, Limited Partnership8.58-1.85-8.2933.71140.7224.48-16.83...


Medina Singh Investment Partners, L.P.4.153.383.4347.0094.118.71-5.4520416375.00


MHB Investment Partners7.405.14..................


Millcreek SmCap Dyn Tactical AssetAlloc5.4921.262.6436.79...18.40-20.00...


Miller Global Partners, L.P.3.107.054.6921.085.649.38-6.899700000.00


Millrace Fund LP2.17-0.01-1.0013.1129.567.27-6.3686700000.00


Morgens Phaeton International (BVI) A1.59-7.98-14.30-15.46...8.86-15.65...


Nashuk Partners, LP-0.10-2.22-12.312.155.2813.16-18.3413019423.00


Neutron Asia Absolute Return Fund3.04-1.481.15......11.47-7.54...


New Paradigm Fund LP1.540.235.7615.8225.734.55-1.7471955547.00


Nikko AM Glbl Inv (Cayman) Dyn Japan L/S-0.490.995.30......5.50-3.2557000000.00


North Loop Fund7.530.533.152.14...18.08-17.31...


North Star Partners II LP3.668.970.41-5.3223.8311.76-10.1938500000.00


North Star Partners LP3.609.000.43-5.2223.9211.76-10.1977810000.00


Northglen Aggressive Fund SPC0.02-0.19-0.0247.2926.250.19-0.2128000000.00


Northill Global Strategies SPC4.036.84-0.509.32...12.26-10.34...


NuWave Long/Short Portfolio Ltd-0.5616.0124.4726.0724.336.48-0.5628700000.00


O.E.I. MAC (US$)-4.06-29.86-29.97-39.11-23.4937.61-42.92263839310.00


Odey European Inc Euro-3.71-29.21-28.66-29.81-13.5834.27-40.32164146432.00


Odey European Inc GBP A-3.63-27.57-26.62-27.53-9.6434.71-39.81173094013.00


Odey European Inc USD-3.57-28.92-28.09-30.21-12.6834.45-40.0780190300.00


Odey European Inc. GBP B class-3.63-27.59-26.64-27.57-10.4334.70-39.8173808532.00


OEI Mac GBP A-4.11-28.47-28.45-36.42-20.1637.80-42.5712621666.00


OEI Mac GBP B class-3.51-24.60-21.71-32.45-15.0243.79-41.10106748126.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity EUR Acc2.192.3910.9725.4947.077.45-2.62106652.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity GBP Acc2.292.5711.2226.5149.147.39-2.633575563.00


Old Mutual UK Specialist Equity USD Acc2.312.7911.2326.2447.937.22-2.5025616042.00


Old West Investment Partners, LP9.8216.2410.81-1.1627.3821.46-14.6452051965.00


Olesen Value Fund L.P.4.91-1.821.6121.0263.5211.34-8.0626900000.00


onTREND Fund6.403.62-9.4323.66...16.16-24.003000000.00


OPTIKA Fund Limited - Cl A4.33-7.78-22.10......15.68-29.2725520000.00


Optimal Japan Trust2.94-11.37-18.53-6.41...18.82-21.4022000000.00


Osmium Capital II, LP12.07-7.23-14.31-48.47-14.2132.45-26.4710045559.00


Osmium Capital LP11.33-1.10-12.07-41.751.3128.75-22.9519212969.00


Outer Islands Capital LP6.18-3.45-19.5356.60108.4726.03-33.6644460000.00


P.A.W. Partners LP1.911.07-4.16-2.325.196.25-7.4666000000.00


P.A.W. Small Cap Partners, L.P.2.240.13-4.34-11.4410.5312.64-11.6977000000.00


Panacea Global Healthcare Fund4.60-8.70-27.99......28.28-33.9222000000.00


Pangolin Asia Fund4.3315.1110.128.7435.2816.18-10.9685000000.00


Panorama Offshore Fund, Ltd Class 152.1.146.39-3.34-4.03...12.42-12.532962701.00


Panorama Offshore Fund, Ltd Class I.1.186.70-2.85-1.503.8512.43-12.3141070923.00


PASKEWITZ CONTRARIAN STOCK INDEX-0.360.050.7715.7214.9711.42-8.98228740000.00


Pavadi Healthcare Value Fund, LP-1.92-3.41-9.0832.36...13.52-14.177515047.00


PCJ Absolute Return Fund LP2.45-3.26-2.1538.09...8.32-6.65167600000.00


Pedder Street Asia Absolute Return Fund3.172.58-4.13......11.18-11.13123175560.00


Pender Select Ideas Fund A5.884.37-6.29......14.96-19.02509396.00


Pender Select Ideas Fund F5.975.01-5.32......14.97-18.521623470.00


Performing Capital, LP0.805.19-1.48......10.52-10.94...


Picton Mahoney Long Short Equity A2.811.70-3.8310.4520.158.38-9.6572865000.00


Picton Mahoney Long Short Equity F2.902.33-2.7713.5825.538.37-9.0669657000.00


Platinum Fund Ltd Class A5.09-0.48-4.443.6514.7815.55-11.95416000000.00


Platinum Fund Ltd Class B4.96-1.72-5.820.267.7415.41-12.32450000000.00


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd EUR1.00-8.80-16.21-23.81-36.3511.16-17.07...


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd GBP1.00-8.72-16.08-22.09-34.0111.36-17.32...


Platinum Global Dividend Fund Ltd USD1.01-8.11-15.57-21.36-32.7411.14-16.74...


Platinum Japan Fund Ltd Class A6.612.88-2.3324.8455.1813.95-12.3651000000.00


Platinum Japan Fund Ltd Class D6.721.70-3.9720.3744.5814.10-13.21...


Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund A2.26..................12231.00


Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund F2.35..................30071.00


Prescott Group Aggressive Mid Cap LP3.903.91-3.469.1156.1116.13-16.46125729000.00


Prescott Group Aggressive Small Cap5.9617.595.383.8118.1124.31-20.96350500000.00


Proteus Capital LP-5.11-25.12-9.28-2.073.5317.62-25.1232000000.00


QAM Global Equities Fund Ltd3.04-17.09-24.19-2.18-35.0725.62-31.0116000000.00


Qmetrica1.0213.2611.12......8.00-3.84...


Quam China Focus SP Class A2.35-8.77-23.99-2.7227.9329.79-30.62...


Quam China Focus SP Class B2.37-8.63-23.80-6.2021.0529.79-30.5417246000.00


Quam China Focus SP Class D2.60-5.53-16.946.61...27.44-25.65...


Quam China Focus SP Class E2.51-6.08-17.792.43...27.41-26.05...


Quantitative Tactical Aggressive Fd LLC-0.2942.9831.9550.72128.1121.51-9.38532000000.00


Quest UCL Pan Asian Fund Limited A3.43-0.94-6.4612.19...11.62-13.8114949134.00


Radin Global Opportunities Fund6.72-4.33-3.4024.49...13.19-11.12...


RBI Capital Partners,LP-2.0410.3912.218.854.5410.06-3.3317100000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd CHF6.71-12.38-11.8114.0727.2224.82-18.21145000000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd EUR6.70-12.19-8.2718.5733.5124.34-17.99145000000.00


RBR European Long Short Ltd USD6.90-11.81-7.8719.6138.9924.22-17.90145000000.00


Red Oak Partners Long/Short Fund-0.58-1.501.7059.73101.336.62-6.2443507061.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fd LLC B3.1117.3132.9567.51131.5111.37-4.091090619034.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fd LP B3.0616.8032.0264.03123.0711.36-4.151408086591.00


Renaissance Inst Equities Fund LLC BB3.1217.4133.1468.17141.4211.37-4.071921203749.00


Renaissance Instit Divers Glbl Equity LP0.70..................1638711702.00


Robertson Opportunity Fund7.2812.062.657.2333.6115.90-15.17150000000.00


Roubaix Fund Composite1.720.64-3.6323.7644.056.83-9.891500000.00


RRCM Onshore I LP0.2518.141.29-12.06-17.6318.07-17.8122977610.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund EUR-8.68-41.07-58.85......31.83-58.851405000.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund GBP-8.86-42.58-60.77......35.81-60.776765423.00


Rudolf Wolff Global Equity Fund USD-8.45-41.40-59.56......34.35-59.567590178.00


SAM I Fund Limited4.21-1.32-3.0116.0224.6820.32-15.585922013.00


Sandler Associates1.031.162.6215.0121.023.00-1.93194000000.00


Sandler Offshore Inc1.031.062.4815.5027.552.99-1.95126000000.00


Sandler Plus Domestic Fd LP2.092.355.3829.3641.965.98-3.81207000000.00


Sandler Plus Offshore Fd Ltd2.082.105.0327.9439.695.98-3.89115000000.00


SC Fundamental Value Fund, L.P.-1.30-5.93-8.391.6821.127.29-8.3976700000.00


SCIPION AFRICAN OPPORTUNITIES Cl A0.362.014.8419.6741.870.55......


Scopia Health Care International Limited1.89-2.82-0.51......8.79-10.21...


Scopia Health Care LLC1.74-2.826.99......12.25-10.67...


Scopia LB International Limited-0.42-10.87-14.07......18.25-14.07...


Scopia LB LLC-0.60-11.21-13.487.28...17.95-13.64...


Scopia PX International Ltd-2.15-10.64-11.080.5724.429.02-12.111479000000.00


Scopia PX LLC-2.21-10.61-11.060.2824.338.97-12.031210000000.00


Scorpion Focused Ideas Fund6.00-14.11-21.15......19.41-25.6115000000.00


SG Market Neutral Fund Class A1.830.510.825.3217.127.02-4.78...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class F1.780.991.668.3421.796.83-4.56...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class G1.811.111.776.13...6.84-4.55...


SG Market Neutral Fund Class U1.810.610.973.7213.016.97-4.75...


Sherpa Diversified Returns Fund1.422.801.6512.9023.547.26-4.42273000000.00


Sherpa Market Neutral Income Fund-0.32-0.37-1.001.17-0.071.90-1.622000000.00


Sierra Europe LP-0.20-3.72-1.852.5622.646.48-5.4130229844.00


Sierra Europe Offshore - Euro B-0.20-3.60-1.783.5924.066.71-5.8117800000.00


Simcoe Partners, LP4.700.39-0.1123.6583.1613.47-10.94...


SJL MarketDNA Hedge Fund LP15.16.....................


Snow Capital Investment Partners L.P.2.6911.59-2.11-2.1610.2116.62-18.7089428993.00


SPARX Long-Short Fund Ltd USD1.19-2.210.1617.5342.5310.34-7.46...


Spectrum Value Partners, LP1.34-3.33-5.459.1414.548.42-8.65...


Sprott Bull Bear RSP Class A14.3385.8756.888.16-67.2842.25-9.5910797678.00


Sprott Bull Bear RSP Class F14.0987.5658.7711.58-65.5042.81-9.362002232.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq LP Class A2.01-10.65-16.492.01-5.276.60-17.2414283072.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq LP Class F2.12-10.14-14.243.31-1.816.40-15.3612099986.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq RSP ClassA1.97-10.85-16.310.99-6.856.46-16.819695425.00


Sprott Enhanced Long-Short Eq RSP ClassF2.07-10.37-15.393.52-4.516.47-16.131794762.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP Class A14.8879.6059.8720.48-62.8040.13-8.7678346504.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP Class F14.9880.6261.6924.64-60.6240.16-8.6856440867.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP II Class A14.9084.4258.5113.84-65.0341.46-8.7637278583.00


Sprott Hedge Fund LP II Class F15.0185.4760.3317.75-62.9941.49-8.6737085177.00


Sprott Privet Fund5.4718.709.005.903.8416.50-12.4325539122.00


SR Global Fund C International USD2.900.13-8.2123.72...18.25-19.12...


SR Global Fund H Japan USD3.18-16.62-20.89-2.0763.1219.11-26.20...


St Hugh's Capital Partners, LP1.367.344.10......8.32-6.4330838.00


STB Japan Long-Short Fund IJPY-0.67-3.88-5.68-7.73-10.263.07-6.372647908932.00


Stelliam Fund3.552.83-0.956.8340.4914.15-10.25464000000.00


STK Capital Investiment Global Equities3.671.83-3.7015.5930.7111.81-10.70103127000.00


Strategos Fund, L.P.-1.68-0.1912.236.398.5310.89-3.97113218399.00


Strategos Offshore, Ltd.-1.73-0.4411.745.506.9110.96-3.986540742.00


Symphony Bravura 99 Fund LP0.29-4.71-3.77-0.12-4.454.21-6.1078900000.00


Symphony Overture Fund LP-0.24-5.51-4.68-2.26-5.984.06-6.47191300000.00


Synaptic Medical Fund, L.P.0.06-0.39-7.5132.7967.097.95-10.911224000.00


SYW LP1.228.51-37.39-24.79-41.6437.80-42.3014220000.00


Tail Wind Fund Ltd1.21-6.81-19.79...............


Tallgrass Capital LP3.200.35-10.36-7.2145.5115.95-20.5117800000.00


Tantallon Fund0.20-12.63-14.51-8.68-9.1225.37-23.0225000000.00


Tera Capital Global Innovation CAD4.80-10.826.193.61-40.1919.48-17.76...


Tera High Income Fund2.995.852.82-0.804.676.51-5.323000000.00


Teraz Fund11.5871.3859.4152.36...26.65-9.326000000.00


Teton Capital Partners, L.P.2.55-2.61-1.9944.9389.8110.76-6.521023000000.00


Thai Focused Equity Fund Ltd Class A & C9.0431.0835.8735.2866.8912.55-3.79257112743.00


The Antares European Fund LP3.36-14.47-11.3019.6234.7516.75-17.25...


The Antares European Fund Ltd EUR3.36-14.56-11.4019.8436.6816.77-17.34...


The Antares European Fund Ltd USD3.41-14.49-11.2819.5435.6016.69-17.31...


The Collier Fund, Ltd.3.88-0.31-18.102.0225.6614.89-24.1735075206.00


The Cypress Partners L.P.2.131.14-5.96......10.31-9.38342000000.00


The Entrepreneurial Value Fund, L.P.5.17-1.50-18.26-0.6731.6916.82-24.6279760486.00


THE IKOS HEDGE Fund-0.92-2.160.275.18-0.854.80-2.90...


The Lucerne Capital Fund, L.P.6.50-18.29-22.3818.9553.7519.16-27.12353000000.00


The Plato Fund, LP5.001.08-0.166.3449.9315.89-8.57...


The Rhino Small-Cap Financial Fund4.4811.209.5618.80203.1510.70-6.9526000000.00


The Tech Trader Fund5.206.30...............7717500.00


Tonga Partners LP3.60-0.29-9.889.1947.9616.63-16.45116500000.00


Tosca7.05-15.12-14.17-15.33-15.0921.12-21.13...


Toscafund Mid Cap Acc A GBP0.685.40-3.3132.6882.998.30-8.27...


Toscafund Opportunity Class A Ser2 USD0.807.17-3.6640.0249.329.96-10.10...


TPH Energy Infrastructure Fund LP-1.000.19-18.03-12.58...15.76-22.27132000000.00


TPH Energy Infrastructure Offshore Fd LP-1.000.19-17.99-11.71...15.75-22.23132000000.00


TRF Master Fund (Cayman), L.P.0.039.648.3321.7817.435.53-2.0292657604.00


Tristan Offshore Fund, Ltd.4.70-2.02-12.0826.9092.0017.64-17.3745428353.00


Tristan Partners, LP4.80-2.17-13.32-1.2634.2418.65-18.9036700000.00


Tsai Capital Fund LLC3.13-11.10-33.56-18.90-8.7321.95-36.3715984989.00


Valley Forge Capital LP6.056.357.1736.42103.9414.43-9.53147050000.00


Vantage Global Investment Fund2.393.292.92-4.88-13.966.35-2.90209000000.00


Vantage Protected Performance Fund3.165.4510.2534.6436.6110.44-6.72162000000.00


Vantage World Equity Fund4.484.942.688.219.4215.40-8.0849000000.00


Venator Founders Fund5.040.640.8137.2679.1214.05-12.7378000000.00


Venator Income Fund1.4711.156.1821.9553.569.08-6.5972000000.00


Venator Partners Fund A4.890.40-1.51......14.37-13.7558000000.00


Venator Select Fund A2.946.7016.68......22.67-13.1219000000.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd EUR0.541.32-6.77-5.15-8.736.23-9.5013160.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd GBP0.591.55-6.68-5.34-10.686.39-9.671482197.00


Victoria Capital Dynamic European Fd USD0.471.57-6.63-5.23-8.896.26-9.4929781.00


Vision Finance China Ocean Fund3.14-3.12-1.7939.69...22.46-11.841000000.00


Waratah Performance Fund5.103.40-0.0127.1942.0213.28-13.22289000000.00


Warwick Investment Partnership, LP1.671.97-0.5231.64...7.20-5.982076163.00


WD Offshore Fund Ltd-2.530.37-1.3817.60-2.0619.50-14.255000000.00


WD Partnership LP-2.461.030.0223.205.8919.42-13.8623500000.00


Westerly Partners L.P.1.963.384.3725.1451.8115.89-11.7765000000.00


Westray Long/Short Feeder Fund4.214.425.42......10.58-5.16...


Wexford Catalyst Fund, L.P.0.7316.87-0.6026.8325.1817.55-20.76148400000.00


Wexford Offshore Catalyst Fund Limited0.7317.29-0.2421.0719.6717.81-20.9181300000.00


Wholesale SHARE-PLUS Fund4.940.000.8731.8591.6011.90-5.991106640366.00


Windmill Partners LP2.901.51-1.7112.7726.758.36-7.9721800000.00


WPS Capital Fund LLC2.743.830.184.7418.778.59-8.2852177854.00


Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value LP7.567.7313.5418.4724.2118.96-11.3887300000.00


Wynnefield Partners Small Cap Value LP I7.737.6314.3321.4327.3119.09-11.01137000000.00


Wynnefield Small Cap Value Offshore Ltd7.215.3115.1015.2934.2722.24-13.2354800000.00


Z Europe Fund EURO Ltd.2.67-2.15-13.12-13.15-1.5916.00-21.1617028000.00


Z Europe Fund USD Ltd2.37-2.62-13.30-15.34-5.9415.10-20.512300000.00


CISDM Equity Market Neutral Index0.53-0.38


Alambic's Colombard Fund, LP1.963.1019.2742.63...9.16-4.33109695789.00


Alambic's Colombard Offshore Fund Ltd1.922.7618.6139.50...9.19-4.4846042591.00


Amazon Market Neutral0.86-14.600.6828.8529.8316.97-17.27279582254.00


Anaxis Sabre Style Arbitrage Fd Ltd EUR2.88-0.631.8728.11...6.12-4.24...


Anaxis Sabre Style Arbitrage Fund - USD2.97-0.251.60......6.40-4.24...


Black Diamond Rel Val LP (Carlson)2.69-0.79-2.004.0914.495.86-5.48...


Black Diamond Rel Val Ltd (Carlson)2.67-0.93-2.282.4911.525.87-5.69...


Blau Capital Master Fund, LP0.115.959.11......5.02-0.85...


CC&L Q Market Neutral2.134.8319.8956.72...10.12-3.801135400000.00


EIP Overlay Fd0.00-3.92-2.841.887.576.42-4.0611743863.00


Episode2.670.49-2.2416.3611.018.19-6.1842000000.00


Fiera North American Market Neutral - R2.495.085.3131.9631.304.84-2.65243900000.00


Gargoyle Enhanced Alpha Fund L.P.-0.02-10.31-17.26-11.26...8.26-17.2621000000.00


Gondor Partners LTD3.4413.5121.5519.98...5.48-1.193300000.00


Gondor Partners, LP3.1114.2722.5642.00...4.12-0.116400000.00


Huntrise Capital Partners LLC-0.450.15-1.849.0922.136.25-4.2940030000.00


Huntrise Global Partners Ltd-0.65-0.70-2.714.4317.816.38-4.3540940000.00


JC Clark Preservation Trust2.152.57-1.5518.4729.018.75-7.1180000000.00


M1 Capital Market-Neutral Fund-3.00-23.63-14.02......28.55-34.70443704.00


Macquarie Asian Alpha Fund2.70-4.68-8.02-2.118.096.18-10.441081370000.00


NeuMark US Large Cap Market-Neutral I LP-0.28-4.21-3.76......3.76-5.30...


Picton Mahoney Global Mkt Neutral Eq A-0.39-7.76-10.13-2.904.814.35-10.1331779000.00


Picton Mahoney Global Mkt Neutral Eq F-0.30-7.18-9.16-0.209.024.34-9.2297200000.00


Picton Mahoney Market Neutral Equity A0.34-4.41-5.640.436.562.97-5.95136533000.00


Picton Mahoney Market Neutral Equity F0.42-3.81-4.633.2011.252.98-5.03187507000.00


Primevestfund10.3392.4990.47114.5237.2829.51-4.63...


QuantZ Quark Equity Market Neutral, LP0.59-2.212.7112.12...7.15-6.8415000000.00


The 1.2 Fund Ltd-0.564.793.0930.5329.417.27-4.9931000000.00


Victory Arcadia Fund Class A USD0.487.2011.40......2.50-0.24...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class B GBP0.467.2811.6225.4343.452.55-0.23...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class C EUR0.386.5510.5123.4640.342.50-0.29...


Victory Arcadia Fund Class D JPY21.6228.9033.61......20.90-0.28...


Waratah One1.802.160.6120.2131.854.49-4.72755000000.00


Zebra Global Equity Fund LP-Beta Neutral-0.50-4.23-0.2314.6330.076.36-5.96255000000.00


CISDM Event Driven Multi-Strategy Index1.713.58


Aristeia International Limited0.815.831.300.4923.125.26-6.111653166831.00


Aristeia Partners, L.P. Unrestricted0.815.781.280.5223.105.26-6.131057271099.00


Brightline Capital Partners, LP3.3318.21...............79000000.00


Catalysis Partners LLC4.833.52-1.35-10.05-0.3911.58-12.7327167200.00


Corsair Capital Partners LP3.103.47-4.394.4617.3611.24-12.20916000000.00


CSI CHINA A-SHARE QFII FUND LTD HKD0.01-19.82-28.32......26.44-28.41213305159.00


ECF Value Fund II LP6.7026.434.219.0546.2322.83-25.30978700000.00


ECF Value Fund International Ltd6.6625.612.926.3740.7622.96-25.81400600000.00


ECF Value Fund LP6.7226.314.088.8646.3622.89-25.39431600000.00


Finisterre Credit Master Fund0.650.92-3.055.6916.804.97-6.54465925098.00


FrontFour Capital Partners Fund LP0.261.86-7.830.7030.9115.30-16.66130000000.00


FrontFour Opportunity Fund0.601.008.9315.2546.1215.98-10.1420000000.00


G10 Rosseau Special Situations (US) LP3.16164.76120.0118.80-40.3759.96-20.942000000.00


G10 Rosseau Special Situations Fund3.20163.71120.9022.22-37.6059.38-20.3517000000.00


Gabelli Performance Partners2.463.25-0.483.3312.999.31-7.24239075159.00


Hadron Fund EUR Class A2.670.12-0.1915.1924.336.53-4.55...


Hadron Fund EUR Class B2.690.05-0.2514.6523.716.53-4.56...


Hadron Fund USD Class A2.630.690.4616.2926.206.50-4.46...


Hadron Fund USD Class B2.630.640.3815.7025.576.50-4.46...


Headlands Strategic Opportunities Fd LP1.457.12-0.46......20.36-13.98...


Helium Special Situations Fund CHF4.94-9.91-0.93-18.4842.7216.86-14.156560000.00


Helium Special Situations Fund GBP4.93-9.780.20-16.0050.6017.38-14.0253360000.00


IBS Opportunity Fund Ltd-0.24-1.73-20.47-18.30-24.449.75-22.0219593657.00


IBS Turnaround Fund-0.061.99-10.043.404.508.97-12.5161979919.00


IBS Turnaround Fund QP-0.012.17-10.772.195.529.40-13.38126751006.00


Kellner Catalyst Fund, LP1.16-1.29-5.801.78...9.84-8.4549900000.00


KG Investments Fund LLC5.88-2.49-3.4837.1080.2215.44-11.54136970000.00


KS Capital Partners, L.P.0.773.261.434.307.462.45-2.6276736775.00


KS International Inc0.773.111.202.836.172.43-2.7025122343.00


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund A3.347.336.3355.4874.707.10-4.43...


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund C2.636.355.3647.45...6.81-4.44...


Maxam Diversified Strategies Fund F2.716.766.2352.13...6.79-4.35...


Moab Partners LP3.102.953.1534.1248.454.66-1.57174000000.00


Moab Partners Offshore, Ltd.3.102.853.1233.4047.284.63-1.54133000000.00


Morea Greek Recovery A EUR Acc-0.58-8.7714.31-13.73...28.76-16.4810761132.00


NorthStar Fund III LP3.893.003.228.478.1211.92-8.1441569700.00


Perlman Family Office2.0714.1915.7358.60...11.28-4.66...


Polestar Fund LP-0.112.50-8.228.3261.7515.16-16.0686036575.00


Polestar Offshore Fund Ltd-0.151.98-7.985.5853.1412.96-14.5434348852.00


Ross Smith Opportunities Fund2.100.54-3.1419.45...6.71-7.2837073837.00


Rosseau Limited Partnership0.49126.8298.1028.54-28.7347.39-19.0456000000.00


RV Capital Asia Opportunity Fund Class A1.354.052.0716.40...5.02-3.93189000000.00


RV Capital Asia Opportunity Fund Class B1.434.242.2017.52...5.07-3.9819500000.00


Scoggin Capital Management II, LLC0.9212.011.1612.1725.8511.81-12.87481988000.00


Scoggin Overseas Fund Ltd.0.9011.520.8413.3828.7311.59-12.85414405000.00


SM Investors II LP1.587.465.2828.1173.0914.38-9.8066800000.00


SM Investors LP1.427.355.1627.1872.2214.27-9.8622200000.00


SM Investors Offshore Ltd1.406.433.3723.5965.1714.60-10.403000000.00


Twin Offshore, Ltd.1.711.600.35-0.1430.0913.48-8.33213000000.00


Twin Securities LP1.711.740.660.6831.3113.47-8.17108160000.00


UG Hidden Dragon Special Opportunity Fd5.37-5.721.0685.1964.5630.10-20.83397504461.00


Ultramarine Global Value Fund0.302.555.06......3.32-0.89209787.00


CISDM Fixed Income Arbitrage Index1.442.79


Barnegat Investments Ltd - Class B3.153.715.5128.9590.156.67-3.71683055546.00


Coast Value Fund I Ltd1.836.096.427.764.903.83-2.3225726000.00


Goldstein Cap Mngd Bond Port Master Fund0.20-0.081.8614.9621.892.17-0.9830759000.00


III Fund LP0.733.310.5613.6840.032.31-2.99...


III Fund LP Series 20.733.310.5612.1830.772.31-2.99...


III Fund Ltd0.733.280.5011.8636.392.31-3.02...


III Fund Ltd Series 20.733.290.5111.8630.252.32-3.02...


III Global Ltd0.732.960.3210.6033.942.33-2.956000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ld1&21.403.60-3.314.3821.855.51-8.44...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 31.494.15-2.635.7122.155.61-8.15...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 41.403.52-3.394.1321.305.52-8.47...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP 51.424.08-2.535.8523.015.52-7.99...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy LP1&21.403.52-3.394.1221.315.52-8.47...


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 31.494.21-2.335.9923.095.52-7.90123000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 41.403.60-3.314.4321.905.51-8.44123000000.00


III Relative Value Credit Strategy Ltd 51.494.21-2.335.99...5.52-7.90123000000.00


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type A2.174.45-3.445.0723.116.29-9.42...


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type B2.215.44-2.596.4224.697.24-9.853314361.00


III Select Credit Fund L.P., Type C1.714.50-2.996.0123.556.08-8.9312035229.00


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type A2.174.48-3.465.1223.296.30-9.46...


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type B2.214.78-2.985.9123.946.30-9.20110984.00


III Select Credit Fund Ltd., Type C2.255.09-2.506.6424.366.30-8.97176000000.00


Midway Market Neutral Fund1.756.613.6526.1854.094.48-3.58584000000.00


Ovington Fund Limited0.221.832.294.9515.971.41-0.55143000000.00


Pine River Liquid Rates Fund0.996.3114.0026.79...1.93......


Providence MBS Fund Ltd-1.700.290.42-7.7614.574.25-1.94...


Serenitas Credit Gamma Master Fund0.66-0.10-0.1425.42...3.40-3.4937184559.00


SPM Structured Servicing Holdings1.25-1.63-0.0215.9165.355.41-4.721006000000.00


The Asgard Fixed Income I Ltd1.9910.8112.1142.76124.226.81-2.99299213435.00


CISDM Global Macro Index0.560.73


AIS Futures Fund II LP 2X-4X-8.346.72-10.40-55.54-68.1820.15-18.206981894.00


AIS Futures Fund LP 3X-6X-12.1011.36-15.24-71.64-84.0730.16-26.7215794843.00


Alto Global Fund-0.515.698.5524.7358.539.55-4.53...


Argonaut Global Macro Fund Ltd0.98-7.56-13.03-9.80-11.187.77-15.357000000.00


Argonaut Macro Partnership, LP1.16-6.80-11.70-5.63-7.127.83-14.3933000000.00


Balestra Capital Partners LP-0.42-8.92-2.52-9.89-6.567.12-9.48130000000.00


Bensboro Seasonal Futures Fund, L.P.2.87-2.64-3.69......14.41-11.833067603.00


Boronia Diversified Program0.8511.1814.6828.5628.6911.85-5.3246000000.00


Brevan Howard Fund Limited A GBP-1.12-2.30-5.85-4.499.875.29-5.97...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class A EUR-1.19-2.91-6.69-5.637.995.47-6.69...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class A USD-1.12-2.22-6.00-5.238.525.47-6.02...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B EUR-1.19-2.89-6.68-5.956.455.49-6.68...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B GBP-1.12-2.40-6.07-4.818.335.45-6.20...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B JPY-1.20-2.95-6.85-5.896.545.48-6.85...


Brevan Howard Fund Limited Class B USD-1.12-2.24-6.02-5.347.215.46-6.04...


Bridgewater All Weather 12% Strategy2.8713.243.9215.5129.9310.73-9.425984000000.00


Bridgewater Pure Alpha Strat 12% Vol0.17-7.67-11.500.156.636.96-11.658557000000.00


Bridgewater Pure Alpha Strat 18% Vol0.17-11.69-17.29-1.108.9710.41-17.4329497000000.00


Crescat Global Macro Composite-0.890.9510.1146.6558.279.44-5.8529717129.00


Crescat Long/Short Fund LP-0.181.445.8536.6653.977.27-4.554850771.00


Dynamic Offshore Fund Ltd-2.01-9.95-9.3040.6620.7119.98-14.41242000000.00


EnTrustPermal Global Opportunities Ltd1.640.17-6.143.6728.6714.95-12.95264000000.00


FISCH Trend Navigator CHF B1.403.35-4.7411.03...14.31-13.096059307.00


FISCH Trend Navigator CHF M1.514.10-3.5719.00...14.30-12.1931397043.00


FISCH Trend Navigator USD B1.554.43-3.6312.61...14.28-12.4511314935.00


Forum Global Opportunities Fund, Ltd-17.69-49.42-15.33-19.34-28.7589.22-61.0442200000.00


Friedberg Global Macro Hedge Fund Ltd3.675.7916.06-6.42-20.8618.19-12.29566587628.00


Friedberg Global Macro Hedge Fund U$3.805.3115.67-8.97-30.5718.16-12.39140250576.00


Galtere Strategic Commodity Master Fund0.121.73-2.74......3.49-3.3048873693.00


Graham Discretionary-0.06-0.26-2.054.8213.082.96-2.44...


Graham Discretionary Enhanced Vol-0.14-0.73-4.428.8224.125.91-4.911122400000.00


Graham Proprietary Matrix Series A-0.06-0.45-4.1526.5719.479.26-7.31852100000.00


Haidar Jupiter International Ltd8.7515.02-6.8244.04125.8026.32-26.60...


Haidar Jupiter LLC8.7515.57-6.6044.80127.1426.50-26.4958000000.00


Harmonic Alpha Plus Macro Fund-1.17-4.711.724.1913.4010.93-8.97101000000.00


HonTe Advisors LLC0.0731.19..................


Libertas Real Asset Opportunities Fund-3.85-20.24-17.59......37.68-32.67...


Macromoney Global Investments Ltd.3.2412.5532.75105.80...18.06-5.99...


Man AHL Div Str Series 2 (USD) Tranche A1.053.340.6828.9112.9515.61-11.4448746633.00


Man AHL Div Str Series 2 (USD) Tranche B1.053.340.6828.9112.9515.61-11.4448746633.00


Man AHL Div Strategies (USD) Tranche A0.562.13-0.8218.775.6914.60-10.6525294668.00


Man AHL Div Strategies (USD) Tranche B0.562.13-0.8218.775.6914.60-10.6525294668.00


Merchant Commodity Fund0.059.085.1968.4578.8616.72-11.94233000000.00


Metolius Diversified Master Fund0.992.151.2412.435.616.95-5.1822730000.00


MKP Enhanced Opportunity-0.15-3.28-9.53-1.88...4.39-9.53775000000.00


MKP Opportunity Offshore Ltd-0.08-2.08-6.22-0.6716.882.82-6.282301680000.00


MLM Macro - Peak Partners, LP-1.57-7.01-10.1815.6712.9312.18-11.36228355422.00


MLM Macro Peak Partners Offshore Ltd-1.62-7.48-10.9613.019.4512.09-11.8441146110.00


Newton Capital Partners, L.P.-0.522.881.133.489.623.03-2.7018000000.00


Omnia Fund Ltd.1.865.01-10.5738.5477.5316.70-17.32159852706.00


Permal Global Opportunities (BQ)1.56-0.40-7.050.6822.4914.95-13.44...


Roy G. Niederhoffer Diversified Program1.83-4.643.6811.53-4.0320.04-17.9610944586.00


SAM Liquid Fund, LP4.215.189.9649.31...15.92-9.7125000000.00


Sibilla Global Fund0.94-6.420.27-0.6216.918.18-8.43...


STAIRS Client-6.82-7.3615.37-4.4923.6335.40-14.70889460.00


STAIRS Prop-7.34-7.769.63-11.8233.9330.03-14.0750000.00


SYFOGLOMAD Ltd6.43-23.10-30.94-12.481.8529.13-35.1135000000.00


The GLI Fund7.3716.21-2.3635.4872.4926.09-23.6694393613.00


Tractus Capital Fund1.70-1.94-0.7313.6420.9810.93-6.6316498591.00


Trend Macro Fund LP0.573.904.5313.7039.533.41-2.49116000000.00


Ucan Compound Interest Fund 30.6811.183.55......9.80-8.90...


Welton Global Directional Portfolio2.3217.1812.6656.8417.4218.51-8.53527000000.00


Zafiro Capital Commodities Trading Fund32.12-21.24-15.09......76.36-50.13...


CISDM Merger Arbitrage Index0.643.13


ABRAX Merger Arbitrage Sgrgtd Ptfl SPC C-2.091.0012.5243.43...10.11-5.9294439267.00


ABRAX Merger Arbitrage Sgrgtd Ptfl SPC D-2.081.00...............11546947.00


Black Diamond Arb Partners LP (Carlson)1.115.5310.7526.6833.873.74-1.71...


Black Diamond Arbitrage Ltd (Carlson)1.085.139.6320.1023.883.91-1.91...


Context BH Partners LP Class C2.604.5213.3145.5471.425.59-3.21...


Context BH Partners, LP2.604.5013.9248.6283.565.71-3.2166800000.00


Glazer Capital Management LP0.412.054.2311.1617.191.13...22000000.00


Glazer Enhanced Fund LP0.933.997.9321.8436.272.12...211000000.00


Glazer Enhanced Offshore Fund, Ltd0.994.499.3526.0542.052.86-0.12404000000.00


Glazer Offshore Fund Ltd0.452.575.3714.0321.081.35...52000000.00


Highland Capital Management Inst Fd LLC-0.752.065.0916.5322.692.50-0.75...


Highland Capital Management LP-0.772.025.0116.3022.252.51-0.77...


TIG Arbitrage Associates LP0.001.402.135.2918.182.85-1.34133200000.00


TIG Arbitrage Associates Ltd0.001.402.135.3415.512.85-1.34133200000.00


TIG Arbitrage Enhanced, L.P0.083.444.9213.73...5.33-2.4970000000.00


TIG Arbitrage Enhanced, Ltd.0.083.444.9213.73...5.33-2.49135500000.00


WCM Hudson Valley Partners, L.P.0.841.07-2.890.524.607.40-6.2454755645.00


WCM Merger Fund Ltd.0.830.89-3.51-0.912.927.45-6.6754755645.00


CISDM China Long/Short Index0.43-12.42


APS Greater China Long/Short Fund A0.45-10.27-7.4553.6050.9129.97-23.6867663402.00


Broad Vision Steady 14.87-3.134.3646.6175.0732.20-23.67...


China Resources SZITIC Congrong Growth 24.89-11.45-16.9437.3550.1824.01-26.05...


China Resources SZITIC Congrong Growth 31.88-15.40-21.4430.0642.3022.97-26.98...


China Resources SZITIC Wudang Trust 14-1.82-19.33-8.1932.4513.2622.79-20.86...


Cinda Taicheng Longwu 1-0.10.....................


CITIC RongHui Select 30.27-3.87-31.98...............


CITIC Ronghui Select 3-10.00-4.11-12.48...............


CITIC YanHang 1-1.13-7.91-7.27......9.61-8.64...


Crctrust Fulin Trust 4-0.020.011.09492.57596.095.37-2.57...


Crctrust Wudang Steady Growth-2.05-17.36-8.4655.6930.6719.99-18.19...


DGXT Huixin Fushun 1-3.47-12.81-5.38......17.45-13.47...


DGXT Pearl Trust 15.05-16.54-19.38-25.31...31.59-24.01...


DongGuan Huixin Golden Lily Trust 10.60-15.30-1.2289.47...34.06-19.52...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde 7-0.06-17.16-20.50......19.00-20.50...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 10.11-16.81-16.5936.37...18.39-16.96...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 30.15-16.78-20.50......20.14-20.82...


DongGuan Huixin Hongde Trust 60.43-16.20-15.11......18.10-16.59...


DongGuan Huixin Huizheng 1-1.01-4.97-3.03171.45...18.77-13.58...


DongGuan Huixin JingHen Pioneer Trust-3.91-11.89-15.57......21.10-16.19...


DongGuan Huixin JingLin Trust 17.305.064.89......17.26-10.10...


DongGuan Huixin Rabbit 22.53-4.56-7.35......15.32-13.11...


DongGuan Huixin Xincheng 1-0.27-17.97-12.38......20.42-18.49...


DongGuan Rabbit 52.42-3.46-2.02......16.16-10.02...


First Capital All-Win Dayan Quantization1.82-11.5718.42......26.82-19.79754232717.00


First Capital Dayan Quantization 10.97-5.61-6.20......21.88-15.71754232717.00


Fuanda Ansheng 11.35-9.5222.24125.7657.4371.03-31.65...


GreenWoods Steady 27.61-15.28-19.80......31.40-30.24...


Guosen Taicheng Longwu Quant Hdg 1-0.31-3.50..................


Guotai Junxiang Quantitative0.79-2.77-16.86-9.79-2.7917.42-20.44...


Haitong Jinxiu Taicheng Longwu series 170.99-3.92..................


Haitong Jinxiu Taicheng Longwu series 180.54-3.92..................


Huaxin Wanda Taicheng Longwu 150.30-6.17..................


Huntic Pengyuan China High Quality Trust-0.13-6.720.38...............


Lowrisk Marco Allocation 5 Fund-0.233.419.76......6.68-1.90...


Lowrisk Marco Allocation 8 Fund0.415.6320.26......9.90-1.72...


Midas 13.2810.32..................


Minsen H Trust0.38-20.55-26.2835.13...23.64-28.22...


Minsen K Trust0.51-19.76-20.7743.2962.9924.73-23.77...


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 20.83-1.31..................


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 271.49.....................


Nanhua Futures-Taicheng Longwu 80.668.00..................


NITIC Jintai Ruifeng Trust1.28-16.52-19.19......24.55-22.91...


Regan No. 5-0.284.729.05......6.13-2.15115585000.00


Regan No. 60.082.461.95......1.64-1.0886665000.00


SZITIC Chongyang Trust 66.84-5.31-3.5450.5945.4222.17-19.35...


SZITIC Longrising Trust 8-0.93-16.20-1.55111.01103.8320.61-16.20...


SZITIC Milestone View Trust 2-2.62-18.603.42102.72164.7947.85-26.18...


SZITIC Pearl River 2(HuiLi 10)-4.56-11.93-14.8047.3563.0538.23-27.93...


SZITIC Rose Finch 103.14-10.77-2.6495.33101.7330.50-24.45...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected A-2.34-14.64-1.0287.83130.7519.69-14.64...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected B-2.34-14.68-1.0687.75130.6819.70-14.68...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected C-2.34-14.62-0.9887.95131.1319.69-14.62...


Szitic Zhanbo Selected D-2.34-14.62-0.9788.02131.1619.70-14.62...


SZITIC-Minsen Zunxiang C0.39-20.54-26.29......23.64-28.23...


SZITIC-Ruijin 2 (Zhanbo)-2.62-13.48-1.27......16.44-13.48...


SZITIC-Ruijin 3 (Bodao Target Buffer)1.21-14.21-3.27......26.52-23.52...


TC Longwu Quantitative Hedged 12-0.31-2.40..................


The Hare and Tortoise Multi-Strategy 10.300.70..................


TTCO Dingtaiyan 25.24-2.436.78......32.96-23.93...


TTCO SINO China Growth Brand Trust6.82-29.01-35.36...............


TTCO Yinlei Growth 1-0.581.5010.83...............


TTCO Yunze 23.78-13.98-18.29......31.71-30.81...


TTCO Zhongzhuo Growth 12.79-12.83..................


Xinfu Create Value 6-0.97.....................


YNIT Xinfu Create Value 13.64-1.0824.32......24.02-14.97...


YNIT Xinfu Create Value 5-1.05-5.42..................


Zexi Trust 40.922.019.31637.87703.115.37-0.96...


ZRITC HanHe Capital Trust 18.5711.3328.09...............





Back to Market Lab Index

 





















 

Barron's Market Lab Table - Barrons.com

return to top













return to top



Customer Service

Customer Center
Contact Us



Create an Account

Subscribe to Barron's
Magazine Subscribers:Activate Your Digital Access



About Barrons.com

Why Subscribe?
Advertising
Masthead
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Policy
Copyright Policy
Subscriber Agreement& Terms of Use
Your Ad Choices
Community Guidelines 


Also From Barron's

Conferences
Reprints
Classifieds
College Program
Find a Broker
Barron's in Japanese



Tools & Services

Mobile Site
Email Newsletters
Barron's on iPad/iPhone
Portfolio
Old Portfolio
Video
StockGrader
Barron's 400
Economic Calendar
Stock & Mutual Fund Listings
Commodities, Options& Annuities Listings



Copyright © 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






































 

Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/129994-frontaura-global-frontier-fund-offshore-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=129994  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd gets funded!Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesIllinoisChicagoIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors September 30th, 2014$38,416,171-View DealOctober 16th, 2013$37,416,171-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Frontaura Global Frontier Fund Offshore Ltd gets funded?Key peopleStephen MackExecutive OfficerNick PadgettExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!