

FrontFour Capital Group LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:25 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of FrontFour Capital Group LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
FrontFour Capital Group LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to investment companies. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages balanced mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of United States and Canada. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm also employs an event-driven and opportunistic strategy. It employs bottom-up fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. FrontFour Capital Group LLC was founded in December 2006 and...
FrontFour Capital Group LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to investment companies. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It also manages balanced mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of United States and Canada. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The firm also employs an event-driven and opportunistic strategy. It employs bottom-up fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. FrontFour Capital Group LLC was founded in December 2006 and is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


35 Mason Street4th FloorGreenwich, CT 06830United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 203-274-9050

Fax: 203-274-9045

www.frontfourcapital.com







Key Executives for FrontFour Capital Group LLC




Mr. David Aaron Lorber


      	Co-Founder, Managing Member, Partner, Principal, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 39
        







Mr. Zachary Ryan George J.D.


      	Co-Founder, Managing Member, Partner, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 39
        







Mr. Justin M. Hirsch CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 
      








Mr. Jerry Meyer


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Stephen Elias Loukas


      	Managing Member, Partner, and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

FrontFour Capital Group LLC Key Developments

ClubCorp May Pursue Sale
Sep 15 16
Shareholder of ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MYCC), FrontFour Capital Group LLC has issued a letter to Board of ClubCorp explaining its belief that the company's depressed valuation is largely self-inflicted and that the Board should pursue strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the company, in order to unlock shareholder value.


Apollo Reportedly Eyeing Ferro
Mar 15 16
Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO) may be interested in acquiring a stake in Ferro Corporation (NYSE:FOE). Bloomberg recently reported that Ferro received a takeover approach from Apollo. The news report added that Ferro rebuffed the initial approach, but it is not clear whether the Apollo plans to return with a fresh proposal. FrontFour Capital Group LLC released a letter on March 14, 2016, calling for Ferro to pursue strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the business.


FrontFour Capital Urges Ferro To pursue Strategic Alternatives
Mar 14 16
FrontFour Capital Group LLC is urging the Board of Directors of Ferro Corporation (NYSE:FOE) to pursue strategic alternatives, including a potential sale of the company, in order to unlock shareholder value.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 9, 2017
			    
ClubCorp Holdings, Inc.



Private Placement

			      May 22, 2017
			    
Sevcon, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FrontFour Capital Group LLC, please visit www.frontfourcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.























 



 FrontFour Calls Upon ILG Inc. to Seek Business Combination with Marriott Vacations Worldwide 
         










    










 













 











 



















FrontFour Calls Upon ILG Inc. to Seek Business Combination with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation
        																																
              

          Believes Transaction Would be Highly Accretive and That a Combination Would Create More Value Than Either Company Could Achieve on a Standalone BasisUrges ILG to Retain Financial and Legal Advisors to Assist with Evaluation and Execution of a Transaction
        











 News provided by
FrontFour Capital Group LLC  
May 24, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































   
GREENWICH, Conn., May 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FrontFour Capital Group LLC (together with its affiliates, "FrontFour"), a significant stockholder of ILG Inc. ("ILG" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:   ILG), today announced it has delivered a letter to the Board of Directors of ILG calling upon the Company to seek a business combination with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation ("Marriott Vacations").  FrontFour believes there is tremendous industrial logic for ILG and Marriott Vacations to merge and at a meaningful premium to the current stock price, the transaction would still be highly accretive financially while also yielding a number of qualitative synergies.  








The text of the letter is reprinted below:
May 24, 2017
Mr. Craig M. NashChairman, President and CEOILG Inc.6262 Sunset DriveMiami, FL 33143
cc: The Board of Directors, ILG Inc.
Dear Craig,
Thank you for taking the time to meet with us last week.  As discussed, FrontFour Capital Group, LLC (together with its affiliates, "FrontFour") is currently a significant shareholder of ILG Inc. ("ILG" or the "Company") with total shareholdings and equivalents of approximately 2.65 million shares; representing over 2.0% of ILG's total shares outstanding.  As we discussed, we believe that the publicly traded timeshare companies have been one of the most misunderstood opportunities in the leisure industry despite strong fundamentals, growth prospects and the favorable secular shifts in leisure travel.  We were particularly attracted to ILG given its valuation, growth profile and free cash flow opportunity.  In addition, there is a significant opportunity to unlock value for shareholders at ILG through the pursuit of a strategic combination with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation ("Marriott Vacations").
We appreciate the recent dialogue that we have had with you and certain members of the Board of Directors (the "Board").  However, we continue to have significant concerns related to:
(i) The cumbersome size of the Company's 13-member Board, which is sub-optimal; (ii) Your stated appetite for incremental acquisitions, despite not yet having fully integrated the Vistana acquisition from Starwood Hotels and Resorts ("Starwood") from May 2016; (iii) The Company's questionable capital allocation policy and the Board's view of ILG's intrinsic value in light of only $3 million in repurchases during the first quarter of 2017 despite highly accretive trading levels; (iv) The Company's position that Safe Harbor in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction ("RMT") requires that total share repurchases are limited to 10% of total outstanding for a period of two years in contrast to the opinion held by leading tax experts; (v) The general perception held by many investors that the Company is using the Tax Matters Agreement associated with the Reverse Morris Trust transaction as a poison pill.
Despite ILG's strong stand-alone prospects, we believe that significant shareholder value can be created through the exploration and completion of a business combination with Marriott Vacations.  There is tremendous industrial logic for ILG and Marriott Vacations to merge.  At a meaningful premium to the current stock price, the transaction would still be highly financially accretive, while also yielding a number of qualitative synergies through the integration of the Vistana and Marriott Vacations sales & marketing functions given Marriott International's ("Marriott") ownership of the respective hotel flags, as well as the elimination of duplicative corporate G&A.  As we discussed, we have a long history investing in the timeshare industry.  We were a significant holder of Diamond Resorts International ("Diamond") and in October 2015, sent a public letter to Diamond asking them to seek strategic alternatives prior to their sale in 2016.  Given our experience in studying Diamond's successful strategy of executing on a number of acquisitions of non-hotel affiliated properties, the opportunity to significantly reduce corporate G&A and sales & marketing expenses is not lost on us.  The opportunity here is even more compelling on the back of the merger between Marriott and Starwood given the strength of both loyalty programs and the ability to seamlessly work with the pro forma Marriott to expand and grow the timeshare business as one.
While we write this letter to you and the Board, we have also made this letter public as we believe that our views are shared by the broader investor and analyst community.  We are confident that a financially accretive transaction would be well received not only by ILG shareholders but also Marriott Vacations shareholders.  We believe this to be the case as Marriott Vacations stock has appreciated subsequent to public comments during their recent 1Q2017 earnings conference call where they indicated a desire to not be investment-grade rated and their readiness to take financial leverage to approximately 3x debt / EBITDA for the right transaction.  From our perspective it is crystal clear that this is the "right transaction".  Accordingly, we urge the Board to immediately retain both legal and financial advisors to assist in the evaluation of a transaction with Marriott Vacations.  Moreover, we were happy to hear from both yourself as well as other directors that you are not afraid of and would consider a deal at the right price.   
We believe that a strategic combination with Marriott Vacations would result in:
(i) A significant premium to ILG shareholders while maintaining equity upside exposure in the pro forma Company as the consideration would be a mix of cash/stock; (ii) The creation of the preeminent and global leading timeshare operator of upper-upscale vacation ownership brands with access to Marriott's consolidated loyalty rewards program;   (iii) Significant cost savings due to duplicative finance, IT, legal and sales & marketing functions amongst the Vistana and Marriott Vacations vacation ownership businesses; (iv) The ability to leverage the newly opened sales centers in pulling forward the monetization of both ILG and Marriott Vacations' extensive completed and in-process inventory; (v) The extinguishment of potential conflicts associated with Marriott's intention to combine the Marriott Rewards Program with Starwood's Preferred Guest Loyalty Program ("SPG") by the end of 2018; (vi) The creation of a complementary and unparalleled product portfolio enhancing the value proposition to existing timeshare owners; (vii) Lastly, a key part of the  ILG business model is the Exchange and Rental segment which offers alternative vacation accommodations and options to its 1.8 million exchange members, who are either associated with private developers or other larger timeshare operators.  Through a monthly fee, either paid individually or through annual maintenance fees, individuals can effectively trade in their points/weeks to access this exchange network, called Interval International, which encompasses over 3,000 resorts. In this segment, ILG has approximately 40% corporate exchange members whose annual fees are paid by their respective timeshare operator from their annual dues.  This is lower margin, as ILG has less direct customer contact and therefore less of an ability to control the process and upsell.  Over the years, this corporate exchange portion has experienced headwinds due to industry consolidation as well as the larger timeshare operators trying to reduce the annual fees paid, so they can capture a larger spread.  Through the Vistana acquisition, ILG was able to bring approximately 25% of its corporate exchange members in-house, which effectively provides insulation against potential future headwinds.  A combination with Marriott Vacations, would significantly further increase in-house corporate exchange members, providing additional stability to this business. 
We believe that a transaction with Marriott Vacations can be structured through a combination of cash and stock that delivers a sizeable premium to ILG shareholders while allowing all remaining shareholders to participate in the equity upside of the pro forma entity.  Below is an illustrative and conservative analysis assuming that ILG enters into a transaction between $33 – $39 per share.  Such a premium would represent close to 100% upside at the midpoint of the range from where ILG stock traded during the first quarter of 2017.   Additionally, we note that over the last year there has been virtually no insider buying despite the stock trading at significantly lower levels. Our conservative analysis below assumes total cost synergies of $150 million, no revenue synergies, assumes only $100mm of synergies included in the leverage calculation and excludes non-recourse securitized debt, a 6% cost of debt financing, $60 million in cash transaction expenses and is derived using current 2018 consensus street estimates for revenue and EBITDA.  As shown in the table below, and assuming the midpoint of the offer range and leverage range, and further taking into account our conservative assumptions as discussed above, a transaction is nearly 20% accretive to Marriott Vacations shareholders based on current 2018 EPS estimates.  




 2018E Marriott Vacations PF EPS Accretion Sensitivity  













 Gross Debt / EBITDA 




 2.50x 
 2.75x 
 3.00x 
 3.25x 
 3.50x 



 $   33.00 
 22.7% 
 24.5% 
 26.4% 
 28.5% 
 30.8% 


 ILG 
 $   34.00 
 20.1% 
 21.7% 
 23.5% 
 25.4% 
 27.5% 


 Offer 
 $   35.00 
 17.6% 
 19.1% 
 20.7% 
 22.5% 
 24.4% 


 Price 
 $   36.00 
 15.1% 
 16.6% 
 18.1% 
 19.7% 
 21.5% 



 $   37.00 
 12.8% 
 14.1% 
 15.5% 
 17.0% 
 18.7% 



 $   38.00 
 10.6% 
 11.8% 
 13.1% 
 14.5% 
 16.0% 



 $   39.00 
 8.4% 
 9.6% 
 10.8% 
 12.0% 
 13.4% 




 
In summary, we believe that a significant opportunity exists to unlock value for all shareholders.  We reiterate our belief that a significant percentage of the shareholder base is supportive of a transaction and urge management and the Board to fully explore a business combination with Marriott Vacations.  We are long-term and typically passive investors; however to the extent that no action is taken, we will review all of our options including but not limited to taking action at ILG's 2018 annual meeting.
Sincerely,
/s/ Zachary R. George          /s/ David A. Lorber          /s/ Stephen E. Loukas     Portfolio Manager               Portfolio Manager          Portfolio Manager
 
About FrontFour Capital:
FrontFour Capital is an investment adviser based in Greenwich, CT.  FrontFour focuses on value-oriented investments in North American companies.
CONTACT
Investor Contact:
Stephen Loukas/David LorberFrontFour Capital Group LLC35 Mason Street, 4th FloorGreenwich, CT 06830203-274-9050
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/frontfour-calls-upon-ilg-inc-to-seek-business-combination-with-marriott-vacations-worldwide-corporation-300462952.html
SOURCE FrontFour Capital Group LLC



 













Mar 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: FrontFour Nominates Director Candidates To Board of ClubCorp Holdings






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Mar 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              FrontFour Nominates Director Candidates To Board of ClubCorp...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services








 You just read:
FrontFour Calls Upon ILG Inc. to Seek Business Combination with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation


 News provided by
FrontFour Capital Group LLC  
May 24, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Frontfour Capital Group Llc in New York, NY 10169 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Hotels & Motels
» Frontfour Capital Group Llc















Frontfour Capital Group Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





230 Park Ave  New York, New York 10169


(212) 499-2540


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Frontfour Capital Group Llc is located at the address 230 Park Ave in New York, New York 10169.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 499-2540 for pricing, hours and directions.  Frontfour Capital Group Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Carlton  Klein, Portfolio ManagerFrontfour Capital Group Llc provides Cash Management, College Funding, Investments to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Frontfour Capital Group Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Frontfour Capital Group Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Group Policies
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Tax Free Investments
, Rollover Plans
, Stocks
, Annuities
, Securities
, Municipal Bonds
, Retirement Plans
, IRAs



SERVICES


Online Services
, Income Planning
, Rollovers
, Cash Management
, Investments
, Corporate Services
, College Funding
, Retirement Services
, Business Banking
, Brokerage Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 499-2540
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 500000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Hotels & Motels
Guest Houses
Consulting Services
Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Hotels & Accommodations
Insurance
Professional Services
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


KUMA INN


113 Ludlow st Fl 2  New York, New York 10002




Wall Street by Fax Inc


650 Madison Ave  New York, New York 10022




Blue Moon Hotel


100 Orchard St  New York, New York 10002




CARINO COLLECTIONS


230 Park Ave Rm 1000 New York, New York 10169




Hyatt


New York Park Ave  New York, New York 10001




Rede International


14 Wall St  New York, New York 10005





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Carlton  Klein
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (212) 499-2540 
 



Jerry  Meyer
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (212) 499-2540 
 



Zachary  George
SECURITY ANALYST
Phone: (212) 499-2540 
 



Andrew  Stotland
ANALYST
Phone: (212) 499-2540 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Frontfour Capital Group LLC                                                                                              - Greenwich                                         , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Greenwich



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Frontfour Capital Group LLC
                                    



 





















F 


Frontfour Capital Group LLC                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



35 MASON ST STE 4A GREENWICH, CT 06830
Get Directions



(203) 274-9050
www.frontfourcapital.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,930,338.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts David Lorber                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009 the company has been providing Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















      Activist Investor FrontFour Seeks Sensient Technologies Board Seats - WSJ
    








































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Business
              




FrontFour Seeks Spot on Sensient Technologies' Board
Connecticut Hedge Fund Pushes for Four Seats at Fragrance, Cosmetics Maker

 






By

David Benoit


David Benoit
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyDavid Benoit
@DaveCBenoit
benoitda
Google+
David.Benoit@wsj.com




  Updated Feb. 19, 2014 9:45 a.m. ET





An activist shareholder smells a need for a change at fragrance and cosmetics maker Sensient Technologies Corp. FrontFour Capital Group LLC, a Connecticut hedge fund, is seeking four board seats at Sensient and is pressuring the company on its performance in fragrances, according to a letter released Wednesday. It is also pushing for Sensient to...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















Frontfour Capital Group LLC | Wealthminder











































Frontfour Capital Group LLC


Frontfour Capital Group LLC
(CRD# 145920) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Greenwich, CT.
They
manage $547,011,000 in 6 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Frontfour Capital Group LLC




35 Mason Street, 4th Floor,
Greenwich,
CT
06830
203-274-9050
http://www.frontfourcapital.com




http://www.frontfourcapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

547
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

6
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$91,168,500







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CT






Financial Advisors at Frontfour Capital Group LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














