    Steven Fruchtman | Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Appoints Steven M. Fruchtman, MD, an Industry Veteran, as Vice President of Clinical Development (NASDAQ:SPPI)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














February 24, 2011

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Appoints Steven M. Fruchtman, MD, an Industry Veteran, as Vice President of Clinical Development



Dr. Fruchtman Is a Hematologist/Oncologist With a Proven Track

        Record in Clinical Research


Joins Spectrum From Allos Therapeutics, Where He Led Development of

        FOLOTYN® For Hematologic and Oncologic

        Indications; Leading to FDA Approval of FOLOTYN in Relapsed and

        Refractory Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma


Previously, Dr. Fruchtman Was At Novartis, Where He Was Responsible

        For The Development of Panobinostat For Hematologic and Oncologic

        Indications, and Proleukin For Renal Cell and Melanoma; and Ortho

        Biotech Products, a Division of Johnson & Johnson, Where He Led The

        Development of Doxil® and Others


 IRVINE, Calif--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGS: SPPI), a biotechnology company with

      fully integrated commercial and drug development operations with a

      primary focus in oncology, today announced the appointment of Steven M.

      Fruchtman, MD, to the position of Vice President of Clinical

      Development. Dr. Fruchtman will report directly to George Tidmarsh, MD,

      PhD, the Company's Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Research and

      Development Operations, and will provide the strategic planning and

      leadership necessary for managing the Company's clinical development of

      belinostat, ZEVALIN® and its other pipeline products.

    


      "We are pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Fruchtman as our Vice

      President of Clinical Development," said Rajesh C. Shrotriya, M.D.,

      Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Spectrum

      Pharmaceuticals. "Steve comes to us from Allos Therapeutics, where he

      spearheaded the development of FOLOTYN. He was instrumental in the

      presentation of the FOLOTYN data to the ODAC panel that recommended and

      ultimately received FDA approval in relapsed/refractory Peripheral

      T-Cell Lymphoma. He is a board certified hematologist, and will be

      intimately involved with the development of belinostat and ZEVALIN in

      new indications including large B-cell lymphoma."

    


      "I am extremely excited to join Spectrum Pharmaceuticals. Spectrum has a

      very exciting and diversified lineup of drugs both on the market and in

      late-stage clinical development," said Dr. Fruchtman. "Belinostat has

      the potential to be an effective treatment for not only Peripheral

      T-Cell lymphoma, but several other indications as well. Data from the

      most recent ASH 2010 Meeting shows ZEVALIN® provides durable

      remission rates in patients with B-Cell lymphomas. I am looking forward

      to bringing these potential life saving treatments to cancer patients as

      quickly as possible."

    


      Dr. Fruchtman comes to Spectrum from Allos Therapeutics, where he led

      the development of pralatrexate for Hematologic and Oncologic

      indications. After a successful academic career at Mount Sinai Hospital

      and Medical School in New York, where he was Chief of the Stem Cell

      Transplantation Program, and prior to joining Allos, Dr. Fruchtman was

      Senior Director of US Clinical Development and Medical Affairs for

      Novartis Pharmaceuticals. At Novartis, he was responsible for the

      development of LBH589 (Panobinostat) for hematologic and oncologic

      indications, and was responsible for registration trials in the United

      States for CML, MM, and CTCL; lead development of post marketing trials

      for Proleukin (IL-2) in renal cell and melanoma; and lead development of

      RAD001 (Afinitor) for hematological indications. Prior to his tenure at

      Novartis, he was the Medical Director of Hematology and Oncology

      Therapeutics and Clinical Affairs at Ortho Biotech Products (OBI), L.P.,

      a division of Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals. At OBI, he was

      responsible for the clinical development of DOXIL® Phase 4

      trials in Hematological Malignancies, (Multiple Myeloma and NHL),

      Velcade and DOXIL® for 2nd line Multiple Myeloma,

      Zarnestra® (tipifarnib) Phase 1 and 2 trials in MDS and AML,

      Procrit® for MDS, and Yondelis® (trabectedin)

      Trials in Soft Tissue Sarcoma and Ovarian Cancer.

    


      Dr. Fruchtman has served as an external reviewer for the New

      England Journal of Medicine, Mayo

      Clinic Proceedings, Experimental

      Hematology, European Journal of

      Hematology, Leukemia, and

      served on the editorial board of The Mount

      Sinai Journal of Medicine. Dr. Fruchtman is an author of more

      than 170 lectures, presentations, books, chapters, and abstracts. Dr.

      Fruchtman received his Bachelor of Arts with Honors from Cornell

      University, and his MD from New York Medical College.

    

About Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals is a biotechnology company with fully

      integrated commercial and drug development operations with a primary

      focus in oncology. The Company's strategy is comprised of acquiring,

      developing and commercializing a broad and diverse pipeline of

      late-stage clinical and commercial products. The Company markets two

      oncology drugs, FUSILEV and ZEVALIN and has two drugs, apaziquone and

      belinostat, in late stage development along with a diversified pipeline

      of novel drug candidates. The Company has assembled an integrated

      in-house scientific team, including clinical development, medical

      research, regulatory affairs, biostatistics and data management,

      formulation development, and has established a commercial infrastructure

      for the marketing of its drug products. The Company also leverages the

      expertise of its worldwide partners to assist in the execution of its

      strategy. For more information, please visit the Company's website at www.sppirx.com.

    

Forward-looking statement — This press release may contain

      forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future

      performance of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals that involve risks and

      uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.

      These statements include but are not limited to statements that relate

      to our business and its future, including certain company milestones,

      Spectrum's ability to identify, acquire, develop and commercialize a

      broad and diverse pipeline of late-stage clinical and commercial

      products, leveraging the expertise of partners and employees, around the

      world to assist us in the execution of our strategy, and any statements

      that relate to the intent, belief, plans or expectations of Spectrum or

      its management, or that are not a statement of historical fact. Risks

      that could cause actual results to differ include the possibility that

      our existing and new drug candidates, may not prove safe or effective,

      the possibility that our existing and new drug candidates may not

      receive approval from the FDA, and other regulatory agencies in a timely

      manner or at all, the possibility that our existing and new drug

      candidates, if approved, may not be more effective, safer or more cost

      efficient than competing drugs, the possibility that our efforts to

      acquire or in-license and develop additional drug candidates may fail,

      our lack of revenues, our limited marketing experience, our dependence

      on third parties for clinical trials, manufacturing, distribution and

      quality control and other risks that are described in further detail in

      the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

      We do not plan to update any such forward-looking statements and

      expressly disclaim any duty to update the information contained in this

      press release except as required by law.


SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. ®, ZEVALIN®, and FUSILEV® are

      registered trademarks of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. REDEFINING

      CANCER CARE™ and the Spectrum Pharmaceutical logos are trademarks owned

      by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


© 2011 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All Rights

      Reserved.



Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Paul ArndtSenior Manager,

      Investor Relations949-788-6700x216

    
Source: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








 

	Onconova Therapeutics Inc Appoints Dr Steven M Fruchtman As Chief Medical Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) Appoints Dr. Steven M. Fruchtman As Chief Medical Officer  











Tweet








1/13/2015 6:58:53 AM


 NEWTOWN, Pa., Jan. 12, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ONTX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel products to treat cancer, today announced the appointment of Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development. Dr. Fruchtman is a board certified hematologist with extensive industry experience in clinical research for myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. He will report to Thomas J. McKearn, M.D., Ph.D., the Company's President, Research and Development, and will provide worldwide strategic planning and leadership for the clinical development and registration of rigosertib and other pipeline product candidates.  "We are pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Fruchtman as our Chief Medical Officer," said Ramesh Kumar, Ph.D., President and CEO of Onconova. "Steve joins us with extensive experience in managing regulatory interactions with U.S. and European authorities, including success in developing innovative oncology products."   "Steve's broad experience as a practicing hematologist/oncologist and his participation in many successful development programs will be invaluable as we design and execute our late-stage clinical plans for rigosertib in MDS," added Dr. McKearn.    "I am delighted to join Onconova Therapeutics and to contribute to the late-stage clinical development of rigosertib in MDS," said Dr. Fruchtman. "Rigosertib is a novel Ras mimetic, which is currently in multiple clinical trials for patients with MDS. Recent data presented at the ASH 2014 Annual Meeting demonstrated the clinical activity of rigosertib as single agent as well as a component of combination therapies. I look forward to working with the Onconova team to advance these studies."  Dr. Fruchtman joins Onconova after a distinguished career in both academia and the industry. Most recently he was the Chief Medical Officer of Syndax Pharmaceuticals, where he led the clinical development of entinostat for breast cancer. Dr. Fruchtman previously held senior positions at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Allos Therapeutics, Novartis Pharmaceuticals and Ortho Biotech. While at Spectrum, he was responsible for filing two New Drug Applications (belinostat and apaziquone) and oversaw the development of 10 compounds. At Allos Therapeutics, Dr. Fruchtman led the clinical development of pralatrexate (Folotyn™), culminating in FDA approval of this agent in relapsed or refractory Peripheral T Cell Lymphoma. Prior to joining Allos, Dr. Fruchtman was Senior Director of U.S. Clinical Development and Medical Affairs for Novartis. In this role, he was responsible for the development of panobinostat for hematology/oncology indications, while also leading development of Afinitor® for hematologic indications and overseeing post marketing trials for Proleukin® in renal cell cancer and melanoma. Before his tenure at Novartis, Dr. Fruchtman was the Medical Director of Hematology and Oncology Therapeutics and Clinical Affairs at Ortho Biotech Products, a division of Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals, where he oversaw clinical development for multiple MDS programs, including Zarnestra® (tipifarnib) in MDS and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and Procrit® in MDS. During this time, he was also responsible for the clinical development of DOXIL® Phase 4 trials in hematologic malignancies (multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma), Velcade® and DOXIL® for second-line multiple myeloma, and Yondelis® (trabectedin) in soft tissue sarcoma and ovarian cancer.  Prior to his time in industry, Dr. Fruchtman served as the Director of the Myeloproliferative Disorder Program at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York City. His commitment to the areas of hematology/oncology and myeloproliferative disorders are exemplified by his service as an external reviewer for the New England Journal of Medicine, Mayo Clinic Proceedings, Experimental Hematology, European Journal of Haematology, Leukemia, and his role as a member of the editorial board of The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine. Dr. Fruchtman is an author of more than 170 lectures, presentations, books, chapters, and abstracts. He received his Bachelor of Arts with Honors from Cornell University, and his MD from New York Medical College.  About Rigosertib   Rigosertib is a small molecule that inhibits cellular signaling by acting as a Ras mimetic. This is believed to be mediated by direct binding of rigosertib to the Ras-binding domain (RBD) found in many Ras effector proteins, including the Raf kinases and PI3K. The initial therapeutic focus for rigosertib is myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), a group of bone marrow disorders characterized by ineffective formation of blood cells that often converts into acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Clinical trials with intravenous (IV) and oral formulations of rigosertib are being conducted at leading institutions in the U.S. and abroad. To date, more than 500 MDS patients have been enrolled in clinical trials with rigosertib. Rigosertib is covered under composition of matter patents issued worldwide. Orphan designation has been granted for rigosertib in MDS in the U.S., Europe, Australia and Japan.  About Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.   Onconova Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel products to treat cancer. Onconova's clinical and pre-clinical stage drug development candidates are derived from its extensive chemical library and are designed to work against specific cellular pathways that are important in cancer cells, while causing minimal damage to normal cells. In addition to rigosertib, the Company's most advanced product candidate, two other candidates are in clinical stage development, and several candidates are in pre-clinical stages.  For more information, please visit http://www.onconova.com.   Forward Looking Statements   Some of the statements in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to future events or Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.'s future operations, clinical development of Onconova's product candidates and presentation of data with respect thereto, regulatory approvals, expectations regarding the sufficiency of Onconova's cash and other resources to fund operating expenses and capital expenditures, Onconova's anticipated milestones and future expectations and plans and prospects. Although Onconova believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Onconova has attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  Any forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of its date. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. CONTACT: Onconova Therapeutics Benjamin Hoffman, 267-759-3036 bhoffman@onconova.us or Media: MacDougall Biomedical Communications Chris Erdman, 781-235-3060 chris@macbiocom.com 

Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) To Host Analyst Event In New York City On December 12, 2014  After $8.3 Billion Sale to Roche (RHHBY), InterMune, Inc. (ITMN) Chief Jumps to Venture Capital    Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) Announces ONTIME Data Presentations At The 2014 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting  Breaking: J.P. Morgan: Sanofi (SAN.PA) Says Afrezza Will Be Available in 2015, Snubs MannKind Corporation (MNKD) CEO Retirement News  Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) Announces Data Presentation From Combination Of Rigosertib And Azacitidine In MDS And Non-Proliferative AML At The 2014 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting  More Trouble for Retrophin (RTRX) Founder  Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) Announces Ten Presentations At The 2014 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting  Bungling Of Virus Prompts Hiring Of CDC Safety Chief

  Onconova Therapeutics Inc. (ONTX) Reports Second Quarter 2014 Financial And Operational Results  Salix Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (SLXP) CEO to Retire Amid Inventory Pile Up Drama  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Onconova Therapeutics Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































ONTX Steven M. Fruchtman Insider Trades for Onconova Therapeutics Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Onconova Therapeutics Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ONTX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Onconova Therapeutics Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 3:58 p.m.


ONTX

/quotes/zigman/72043667/composite


$
2.02




Change

+0.06
+3.06%

Volume
Volume 15,562
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72043667/composite
Previous close

$
			1.96
		


$
				2.02
			
Change

+0.06
+3.06%





Day low
Day high
$1.82
$2.04










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.78
        

            $4.12
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Steven M. Fruchtman



Dr. Steven M. Fruchtman, MD PhD, is Chief Medical Officer, SVP-Research & Development at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.
Dr. Fruchtman was previously employed as Chief Medical Officer by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chief Medical Officer by Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chief-Stem Cell Transplantation Program by Icah School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Medical Director-Hermatology & Oncology by Ortho Biotech Products LP, Senior Director-US Clinical Development by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp., and Vice President-Clinical Development by Allos Therapeutics, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Cornell University, an undergraduate degree from New York Medical College, and a doctorate degree from New York Medical College.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/29/2016
6,276


 



25,731


06/24/2016
100


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.5 per share.


650





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Ramesh  Kumar 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Mark  Guerin 
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer




Dr. Steven M. Fruchtman 
Chief Medical Officer, SVP-Research & Development




Dr. Manoj  Maniar 
Senior Vice President-Product Development




Mr. David M. Stephon 
Senior Vice President-Quality Management




Dr. E.  Premkumar Reddy 
Director




Mr. Michael B. Hoffman 
Chairman




Mr. Jack E. Stover 
Independent Director




Dr. Viren  Mehta 
Independent Director




Mr. James J. Marino 
Independent Director




Dr. Jerome E. Groopman 
Independent Director




Dr. Henry S. Bienen 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:28 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:27pReince Priebus departs as chief of staff as Trump gives job to John Kelly
5:25pThe perils (and pleasures) of blocking friends and colleagues on social media
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Syndax Names Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., Chief Medical Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Syndax Names Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., Chief Medical Officer

Oct 11, 2013, 08:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 








WALTHAM, Mass., Oct. 11, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. today announced the appointment of Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., a hematologist/oncologist with extensive experience in early and late-stage drug development with biopharmaceutical companies and in clinical practice, as chief medical officer. 


Dr. Fruchtman will oversee clinical development programs for entinostat in breast, lung and other malignancies. This will include the company's work with ECOG-ACRIN Cancer Research Group and the Division of Cancer Treatment and Diagnosis at the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on the Phase 3 clinical trial of entinostat in patients with recurrent or metastatic estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) breast cancer.
"As we continue preparation for the start of the Phase 3 study, Steve brings highly relevant clinical development experience to our company," said Arlene M. Morris, Syndax's chief executive officer. "His expertise will prove to be beneficial as we continue to evaluate the development of entinostat in other solid and hematological tumors."
Prior to joining Syndax, Dr. Fruchtman was chief medical officer at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc., where he oversaw the development of multiple hematology and oncology products, including three marketed drugs: Fusilev®, Zevalin® and Folotyn®. He supervised the preparation of the anticipated New Drug Application (NDA) filings for belinostat and apaziquone. In addition, he oversaw clinical development activities for a pipeline of 10 compounds in varying stages of development. Prior to joining Spectrum, Dr. Fruchtman was vice president of clinical research at Allos Therapeutics Inc., senior director of U.S. clinical development and medical affairs, oncology at Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation and medical director of hematology and oncology therapeutics at Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals. While at Novartis, Dr. Fruchtman was a leader in the development of panobinostat, a histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor, and everolimus, an mTor inhibitor for hematological indications.
Dr. Fruchtman holds a bachelor's degree in neurobiology from Cornell University and a medical degree from New York Medical College. He completed an internal medicine residency at SUNY Downstate Medical Center and specialty training in hematology and oncology at the Mount Sinai Hospital. Dr. Fruchtman held faculty positions at Mount Sinai Hospital where, over that time, he served as director of the Myeloproliferative Disorder Program, Clinical Director of the Division of Hematology, Stem Cell Transplantation Service, Hematology Fellowship Training Program, Sickle Cell Program and Mount Sinai Hematology Faculty Practice Associates. Dr. Fruchtman is also a member of The New York Academy of Science, The Association of the Advancement of Science, The American College of Physicians, The American Society of Hematology, the Transplantation Society, the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine and the International Society for Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering. He is board certified in internal medicine and hematology and is a diplomate of The American Board of Internal Medicine. He has lectured around the world and is an author of more than 70 scientific publications, books and book chapters.
About Syndax Pharmaceuticals 
Syndax is developing entinostat for the treatment of patients with therapy-resistant cancers. Designated a Breakthrough Therapy by the FDA, entinostat is designed to prolong the effectiveness of current cancer treatments through an epigenetic mechanism that reverses drug resistance. The company holds worldwide rights to entinostat, an oral, highly selective HDAC inhibitor that is expected to be evaluated in combination with exemestane in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical study for the treatment of ER+ metastatic breast cancer. 
Corporate Contact: Bob Goodenow Chief Business Officer Syndax Pharmaceuticals (781) 419-1418 BGoodenow@Syndax.com
Media Contacts: David Schull or Matt Middleman, M.D. Russo Partners (212) 845-4271 (212) 845-4272 david.schull@russopartnersllc.com matt.middleman@russopartnersllc.com



 SOURCE  Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Feb 03, 2014, 08:00 ET
Preview: Leading Breast Cancer Expert, George W. Sledge, Jr., M.D., Joins Syndax as an Independent Director













Sep 11, 2013, 08:00 ET
Preview: Syndax's Entinostat Receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation from FDA for Treatment of Advanced Breast Cancer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Steven M. Fruchtman M.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.
Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven M. Fruchtman M.D. through your network of contacts.
												








Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development, 
Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.


Past
To view Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 
 


Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s Biography



Dr. Fruchtman has served as our Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development since January 2015. Dr. Fruchtman is a board certified hematologist with extensive industry experience in clinical research for myelodysplastic syndromes, hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. From June 2014 to January 2015, Dr. Fruchtman was a hematology oncology drug development consultant. From September 2013 to June 2014, Dr. Fruchtman served as Chief Medical Officer at Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From July 2011 to July 2013, Dr. Fruchtman was the Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of R ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Fruchtman has served as our Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development since January 2015. Dr. Fruchtman is a board certified hematologist with extensive industry experience in clinical research for myelodysplastic syndromes, hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. From June 2014 to January 2015, Dr. Fruchtman was a hematology oncology drug development consultant. From September 2013 to June 2014, Dr. Fruchtman served as Chief Medical Officer at Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From July 2011 to July 2013, Dr. Fruchtman was the Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of Research and Regulatory Affairs at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals. From February 2011 to June 2011, he was Vice President of Research at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From February 2009 to January 2011, Dr. Fruchtman was Vice President, Clinical Research at Allos Therpeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. Prior to this, Dr. Fruchtman held senior positions at Novartis and Ortho Biotech Products. Dr. Fruchtman was on the faculty of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and was the Director of the Stem Cell Transplantation and Myeloproliferative Disorder Programs at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City. Dr. Fruchtman received his medical degree from New York Medical College and his B.A. from Cornell University.
		
Source: Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. on 04/12/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven M. Fruchtman M.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.


















Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s Connections (13)





Sign up now to view Steven M. Fruchtman M.D.'s 13 connections »









Manoj Maniar
Senior Vice President, Product Development, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.









Jack E. Stover
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.









Ajay Bansal
Chief Financial Officer, ViewRay, Inc.









Thomas J. McKearn
Board Member, Advaxis









Ramesh Kumar
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.









Anne M. VanLent
Board Member, Ocera Therapeutics, Inc.









Henry S. Bienen
Board Member, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.









Viren Mehta
Former Board Member, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.









Michael B. Hoffman
Chairman of the Board, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.









E. Premkumar Reddy
Board Member, Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Steven M. Fruchtman - Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Research & Development at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Steven M. Fruchtman
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Research & Development at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Public Holdings Transactions Awards & Honors 


Steven M. Fruchtman
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Research & Development at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.



 Overview



Age



66
                                  (Born 1951)
                                              




Awards



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,687 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
April 5, 2016





                        Onconova enrolls first patient in Phase III myelodysplastic syndromes study                    





GlobeNewswire
March 21, 2016





                        Onconova Enrolls First Patient in Europe for Phase 3 INSPIRE Trial of Rigosertib in Higher-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes                    





GlobeNewswire
March 9, 2016





                        Onconova Announces Publication of Rigosertib Phase 3 ONTIME Data in Lancet Oncology                    





Philadelphia Inquirer
January 26, 2015





                        People in the News                    





PR Newswire
October 11, 2013





                        Syndax Names Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., Chief Medical Officer                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Ramesh Kumar

Co-Founder at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.




E. Premkumar Reddy

Professor & Director-Cancer Therapeutics Program at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai





Ajay Bansal

Chief Financial Officer & Principal Accounting Officer at ViewRay, Inc.




Avi N. Oler

President & Secretary at Allos Therapeutics, Inc.





Mark Guerin

Chief Financial Officer & Principal Accounting Officer at Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.




Bimal R. Shah

Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Allos Therapeutics, Inc.





Pablo J. Cagnoni

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Tizona Therapeutics, Inc.




Michael B. Hoffman

Partner at Riverstone Holdings LLC





Viren Mehta

Founder at Kew Group, Inc.




Alan R. Williamson

Former Vice President-Basic Research & Research Strategy at Merck & Co., Inc.







See 1,677 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,677 More 


 


 Paths to Steven M. Fruchtman



            Steven M. Fruchtman          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Steven M. Fruchtman






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Steven M. Fruchtman.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BA, Honors 


Cornell University

                  Along with its excellent faculty and facilities, Cornell University boasts a beautiful location in the Finger Lakes region of central New York. The huge hillside campus overlooks Lake Cayuga and is crisscrossed by deep gorges and bridges. Cornell is unique among the Ivy League universities in that its agricultural program is part of the state school system. Cornell is well known for its schools of engineering and hotel management. Its strengths in research and instruction have earned it membership in the Association of American Universities, and Cornell can also boast of a chapter of Phi Beta Kappa. Cornell's athletic teams are called the Big Red.                




Doctor of Medicine 


New York Medical College

                  New York Medical College is a health sciences university whose purpose is to educate physicians, scientists, public health specialists and other healthcare professionals and to conduct biomedical and population-based research.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


American Association for the Advancement of Science

                  The American Association for the Advancement of Science provides science related journal, program, and education services. The firm also promotes the responsible use of science in public policy. The company was founded in 1848 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                




Member

                  Current                


The New York Academy of Sciences

                  The New York Academy of Sciences is a membership organization with over 25,000 members in 140 countries. They include research scientists at universities and industry, as well as representatives of business, government, and policy organizations. Our Board of Governors and President's Council include 27 Nobel laureates and other prominent leaders of academia and industry, based in New York and around the world.                




Member

                  Current                


American Society of Hematology

                  The American Society of Hematology 's mission is to further the understanding, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disorders affecting the blood, bone marrow, and the immunologic, hemostatic and vascular systems, by promoting research, clinical care, education, training, and advocacy in hematology.                




Member

                  Current                


The Transplantation Society

                  INTERNATIONAL LEADERSHIP IN THE SCIENCE, EDUCATION, ETHICS AND PRACTICE OF TRANSPLANTATION                




Member

                  Current                


International Society of Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering








See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Career History



Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Research & Development

                                    2015 - Current                


Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the identification and development of oncology therapeutics. It focuses on discovering and developing small molecule drug candidates to treat cancer. The company was founded by Ramesh Kumar and E. Premkumar Reddy on December 22, 1998 and is headquartered in Newtown, PA.                




Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President, Research & Development

                                    2013 - 2015                


Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the development of cancer therapies. It focuses on the development and commercialization of its lead product candidate, entinostat, an epigenetic therapy for treatment-resistant cancers. The company was founded by Richard A. Heyman, Eckard Weber, Peter Ordentlich, Ronald M. Evans and Michael Downes on October 11, 2005 and is headquartered in Waltham, MA.                




Chief Medical Officer

                                    2011 - 2013                


Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in the acquisition, development, and commercialization of pipeline of late-stage clinical and commercial products. It targets non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, advanced metastatic colorectal cancer, acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and multiple myeloma. It operates through the following brands: FUSILEV, FOLOTYN, ZEVALIN, MARQIBO, BELEODAQ, EVOMELA, EOQUIN, and RenaZorb. The company was founded in December 1987 and is headquartered in Henderson, NV.                




Vice President-Clinical Development

                                    2009 - 2011                


Allos Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Allos Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to the development and commercialization of innovative anti-cancer therapeutics. It focuses on the development and commercialization FOLOTYN a pralatrexate injection. FOLOTYN is a folate analogue metabolic inhibitor designed to accumulate preferentially in cancer cells. It targets the inhibition of dihydrofolate reductase, or DHFR, an enzyme critical in the folate pathway, thereby interfering with DNA and RNA synthesis and triggering cancer cell death. Allos Therapeutics is also developing FOLOTYN in other hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. The company was founded on September 1, 1992 and is headquartered in Westminster, CO.                




Senior Director-US Clinical Development

                                    Prior                


Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp.


                  Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp. develops, manufactures, and markets prescription drugs. It manufactures and markets prescription drugs used to treat a number of diseases and conditions including cardiovascular, dermatological, central nervous system, bone disease, cancer, organ transplantation, psychiatry, infectious disease, and respiratory. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in East Hanover, NJ.                




Director-Stem Cell Transplantation

                                    Prior                


The Mount Sinai Hospital


                  The Mount Sinai Medical Center is a 1,171-bed, tertiary-care teaching facility acclaimed internationally for excellence in clinical care. Founded in 1852, The Mount Sinai Medical Center encompasses The Mount Sinai Hospital and Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.

U.S. News & World Report named Mount Sinai Medical Center to its 2012-2013 Honor Roll of elite hospitals, ranking us 14th among nearly 5,000  hospitals nationwide. Mount Sinai also ranked in 11 out of 15 specialties, and is top ten in three of those: Geriatrics (#2), Gastroenterology (#7), and Heart and Heart Surgery (#10).”

Additionally, Kravis Children’s Hospital at Mount Sinai received U.S. News and World Report 2013-2014 rankings in seven pediatric specialties:

    Cancer
    Cardiology & Heart Surgery
    Diabetes & Endocrinology
    Gastroenterology
    Nephrology
    Pulmonology
    Urology                




Medical Director-Hermatology & Oncology

                                    Prior                


Ortho Biotech Products LP


                  Ortho Biotech Products LP provides innovative products and services which are designed to enhance the lives of individuals with serious chronic illnesses. The company's products include PROCRIT, DOXIL and LEUSTATIN. Ortho Biotech Products was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Bridgewater, NJ                




Member of the Editorial Board

                                    Prior                


Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine






Resident in Internal Medicine

                                    Prior                


Suny Downstate Medical Center


                  Formally known as The State University of New York Health Science Center at Brooklyn—but better known to our patients and Brooklyn neighbors as SUNY Downstate Medical Center—we are older than the Brooklyn Bridge. We trace our roots back to 1860, when a school of medicine was founded at the Long Island College Hospital. The new college’s faculty revolutionized medical education in this country by bringing the teaching of medicine to the hospital bedside, thus rejecting the idea that physicians should be trained exclusively in university lecture halls.

Today, SUNY Downstate is one of the nation’s leading urban medical centers. SUNY Downstate comprises a College of Medicine, College of Health Related Professions, College of Nursing, School of Graduate Studies, School of Public Health, and University Hospital of Brooklyn.

The quality of our education, research, and patient care programs was confirmed with the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Medicine to Dr. Robert Furchgott, a member of our School of Graduate Studies faculty since 1956. Dr. Furchgott’s identification of nitric oxide as a signalling molecule important in vascular health has revolutionized care for heart, stroke, impotence, and other diseases.

As the only academic medical center in Brooklyn, we serve a large population–over 2.3 million people–and one that is among the most diverse in the world. We are also an engine of opportunity for students interested in pursuing careers in health care. Many of our students are the first in their families to attend college.                




Chief-Stem Cell Transplantation Program

                                    Prior                


Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai


                  The School commits to dramatically advancing the art and science of medical care through an atmosphere of intense collaborative learning, social concern, and scholarly inquiry.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




Board Certification - American Board of Internal Medicine

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Board of Internal Medicine






 Other Affiliations




              Steven M. Fruchtman is affiliated with
                            Onconova Therapeutics, Inc., Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Allos Therapeutics, Inc., Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp., The Mount Sinai Hospital, Ortho Biotech Products LP, Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine, Suny Downstate Medical Center, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Onconova Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Steven M. Fruchtman as Chief Medical Officer Nasdaq:ONTX








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Onconova Therapeutics Appoints Dr. Steven M. Fruchtman as Chief Medical Officer




















January 12, 2015 17:02 ET

 | Source: Onconova Therapeutics





NEWTOWN, Pa., Jan. 12, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq:ONTX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel products to treat cancer, today announced the appointment of Steven M. Fruchtman, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Research and Development. Dr. Fruchtman is a board certified hematologist with extensive industry experience in clinical research for myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. He will report to Thomas J. McKearn, M.D., Ph.D., the Company's President, Research and Development, and will provide worldwide strategic planning and leadership for the clinical development and registration of rigosertib and other pipeline product candidates.

	"We are pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Fruchtman as our Chief Medical Officer," said Ramesh Kumar, Ph.D., President and CEO of Onconova. "Steve joins us with extensive experience in managing regulatory interactions with U.S. and European authorities, including success in developing innovative oncology products." 

	"Steve's broad experience as a practicing hematologist/oncologist and his participation in many successful development programs will be invaluable as we design and execute our late-stage clinical plans for rigosertib in MDS," added Dr. McKearn.  

	"I am delighted to join Onconova Therapeutics and to contribute to the late-stage clinical development of rigosertib in MDS," said Dr. Fruchtman. "Rigosertib is a novel Ras mimetic, which is currently in multiple clinical trials for patients with MDS. Recent data presented at the ASH 2014 Annual Meeting demonstrated the clinical activity of rigosertib as single agent as well as a component of combination therapies. I look forward to working with the Onconova team to advance these studies."

	Dr. Fruchtman joins Onconova after a distinguished career in both academia and the industry. Most recently he was the Chief Medical Officer of Syndax Pharmaceuticals, where he led the clinical development of entinostat for breast cancer. Dr. Fruchtman previously held senior positions at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Allos Therapeutics, Novartis Pharmaceuticals and Ortho Biotech. While at Spectrum, he was responsible for filing two New Drug Applications (belinostat and apaziquone) and oversaw the development of 10 compounds. At Allos Therapeutics, Dr. Fruchtman led the clinical development of pralatrexate (Folotyn™), culminating in FDA approval of this agent in relapsed or refractory Peripheral T Cell Lymphoma. Prior to joining Allos, Dr. Fruchtman was Senior Director of U.S. Clinical Development and Medical Affairs for Novartis. In this role, he was responsible for the development of panobinostat for hematology/oncology indications, while also leading development of Afinitor® for hematologic indications and overseeing post marketing trials for Proleukin® in renal cell cancer and melanoma. Before his tenure at Novartis, Dr. Fruchtman was the Medical Director of Hematology and Oncology Therapeutics and Clinical Affairs at Ortho Biotech Products, a division of Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals, where he oversaw clinical development for multiple MDS programs, including Zarnestra® (tipifarnib) in MDS and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and Procrit® in MDS. During this time, he was also responsible for the clinical development of DOXIL® Phase 4 trials in hematologic malignancies (multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma), Velcade® and DOXIL® for second-line multiple myeloma, and Yondelis® (trabectedin) in soft tissue sarcoma and ovarian cancer.

	Prior to his time in industry, Dr. Fruchtman served as the Director of the Myeloproliferative Disorder Program at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York City. His commitment to the areas of hematology/oncology and myeloproliferative disorders are exemplified by his service as an external reviewer for the New England Journal of Medicine, Mayo Clinic Proceedings, Experimental Hematology, European Journal of Haematology, Leukemia, and his role as a member of the editorial board of The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine. Dr. Fruchtman is an author of more than 170 lectures, presentations, books, chapters, and abstracts. He received his Bachelor of Arts with Honors from Cornell University, and his MD from New York Medical College.

About Rigosertib

	Rigosertib is a small molecule that inhibits cellular signaling by acting as a Ras mimetic. This is believed to be mediated by direct binding of rigosertib to the Ras-binding domain (RBD) found in many Ras effector proteins, including the Raf kinases and PI3K. The initial therapeutic focus for rigosertib is myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS), a group of bone marrow disorders characterized by ineffective formation of blood cells that often converts into acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Clinical trials with intravenous (IV) and oral formulations of rigosertib are being conducted at leading institutions in the U.S. and abroad. To date, more than 500 MDS patients have been enrolled in clinical trials with rigosertib. Rigosertib is covered under composition of matter patents issued worldwide. Orphan designation has been granted for rigosertib in MDS in the U.S., Europe, Australia and Japan.

About Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.

	Onconova Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel products to treat cancer. Onconova's clinical and pre-clinical stage drug development candidates are derived from its extensive chemical library and are designed to work against specific cellular pathways that are important in cancer cells, while causing minimal damage to normal cells. In addition to rigosertib, the Company's most advanced product candidate, two other candidates are in clinical stage development, and several candidates are in pre-clinical stages.  For more information, please visit http://www.onconova.com. 

Forward Looking Statements

	Some of the statements in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to future events or Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.'s future operations, clinical development of Onconova's product candidates and presentation of data with respect thereto, regulatory approvals, expectations regarding the sufficiency of Onconova's cash and other resources to fund operating expenses and capital expenditures, Onconova's anticipated milestones and future expectations and plans and prospects. Although Onconova believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Onconova has attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should," "approximately" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.

	Any forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of its date. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
Onconova Therapeutics
Benjamin Hoffman, 267-759-3036


or

Media:
MacDougall Biomedical Communications
Chris Erdman, 781-235-3060



Related Articles
other press releases by Onconova Therapeutics


Onconova Appoints James J. Marino, Esq. to Board of Directors
July 08, 2015 08:01


Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. to Present Corporate Update at the Cantor Fitzgerald Healthcare Conference
July 01, 2015 16:01


Onconova to Host Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS) Key Opinion Leader Meeting on Tuesday, June 30 in New York City
June 23, 2015 08:01


Onconova Presents Patient Selection Criteria and Intermediate Clinical Endpoints for Rigosertib in Higher-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (HR-MDS) at EHA Annual Meeting
June 15, 2015 08:01


Onconova Presents Clinical Data on Rigosertib in Higher-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (HR-MDS) at the 2015 ASCO Annual Meeting
June 01, 2015 08:01






214



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Onconova Therapeutics





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Newtown, Pennsylvania, UNITED STATES
  http://www.onconova.com




Contact Data
Onconova Therapeutics
Benjamin Hoffman, 267-759-3036


or

Media:
MacDougall Biomedical Communications
Chris Erdman, 781-235-3060

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.










Tags
BIOTECHNOLOGY
PHARMACEUTICALS
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





