
  XFETX Quote - FS Energy Total Return Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  FS Energy Total Return Fund   XFETX:US      Ticker Change   XFETX:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Fund Type   Closed-End Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Dynamic Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   FS Energy Total Return Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company operating as an interval fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in the equity and debt securities of Natural Resource Companies.    Address  FS Energy Advisor LLC201 Rouse BoulevardPhiladelphia, PA 19112   Phone  1-215-495-1150   Website   -              
  XFEAX Quote - FS Energy Total Return Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  FS Energy Total Return Fund   XFEAX:US   NASDAQ GM        12.0600USD   0.1400   1.17%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   11.0500 - 12.5500                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   11.9200    52Wk Range   11.0500 - 12.5500    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Dynamic Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   12.06    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.75%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   FS Energy Total Return Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company operating as an interval fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in the equity and debt securities of Natural Resource Companies.    Address  FS Energy Advisor LLC201 Rouse BoulevardPhiladelphia, PA 19112   Phone  1-215-495-1150   Website   -              


FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund - MarketWatch


















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















press release


					March 27, 2017, 8:00 a.m. EDT
				
FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund
Leading alternative asset manager further diversifies portfolio of solutions with first closed-end interval fund


























PHILADELPHIA, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FS Investments, a leading alternative investment manager with over $19 billion in assets, today announced the launch of its first closed-end interval fund, FS Energy Total Return Fund. The fund seeks to generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing in the equity and debt securities of both public and private energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Investments already manages more than $5 billion of energy and power assets, with a focus on directly originated private debt investments.


                                        














"FS Investments looks for ways to help investors access alternative sources of income and growth in the market, and we believe the energy industry has great long-term fundamentals if you have the flexibility to invest selectively across the entire sector and capital structure," said Michael C. Forman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FS Investments.


                                        








FS Investments believes changing sources of energy supply, aging energy infrastructure, merger and acquisition activity in the sector, and commodity price volatility have created an attractive environment for investing in energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Energy Total Return Fund seeks to capitalize on these favorable market conditions through what it believes are its key competitive advantages, which include an experienced senior management team, a flexible investment mandate across all energy sub-sectors and capital structures, a fund structure that supports a long-term investment horizon, and a differentiated investment process that aims to manage macroeconomic and commodity price risk.


                                        








"We always seek to match a fund's structure with its investment strategy," added Mike Kelly, Chief Investment Officer of FS Investments. "FS Energy Total Return Fund has a broad investment mandate and while a primary focus of the fund will be in liquid equity securities, as an interval fund, it maintains the ability to invest in less liquid securities that have the potential for outperformance."


                                        








FS Investments has selected Magnetar Asset Management LLC (Magnetar) as the investment sub-adviser for the fund. Magnetar is part of an Illinois-based alternative asset management group with a strong track record of investing in the energy sector. For more than 10 years, Magnetar's energy team has actively invested in the North American energy markets and manages approximately $4.3 billion
		[1]
	 of investor capital in private funds and institutional accounts.


                                        








FS Energy Total Return Fund is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and continuously offers its shares on a daily basis. For further information regarding the fund please visit         https://fsinvestments.com/investments/funds/fs-energy-total-return-i
.


                                        

ABOUT FS INVESTMENTS 
FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth through funds managed in partnership with top institutional investment advisers. It focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency.


                                        








FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices in Orlando and Washington, DC. The firm currently manages seven funds with over $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016. Visit         fsinvestments.com
 to learn more.


                                        

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to the future performance or operations of FS Energy Total Return Fund. Words such as "believes," "expects," "projects" and "future" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, and some of these factors are enumerated in the filings FS Energy Total Return Fund makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. FS Energy Total Return Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 


                                        








FS Energy Total Return Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc (1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203, member FINRA). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with either FS Investments or any of its affiliates. 


                                        

An investment in FS Energy Total Return Fund involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. Investors may obtain a copy of the fund's prospectus free of charge at www.fsinvestments.com or by contacting FS Investments at 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19112 or by phone at 877-372-9880.  Investors should read and carefully consider all information found in the fund's prospectus and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission before investing. 









This fund is new and has limited operating history.


                                        








Investing in the fund involves risk, including the risk that a shareholder may receive little or no return on their investment or that a shareholder may lose part or all of its investment. Investments in natural resource companies, master limited partnerships (MLPs), royalty trusts, equity securities (including dividend paying securities, private investment in public equity transactions and securities of smaller capitalization companies), debt instruments, high yield instruments and U.S. government debt securities; energy commodity prices and the volume of, and demand for, energy commodities; the highly cyclical nature of the natural resource and energy sectors; fluctuations of interest rates; investments in non-U.S. securities and securities denominated in foreign currencies and the economic impact on the Fund's fixed income investments' and investments in illiquid and restricted securities may create such risk. 


                                        








FST000106, ED 6/30/2017

                                        








Contact Information:


                                        








FS Investments Media Team        
media@fsinvestments.com

215-495-1174


                                        









		[1]
	 As of December 31, 2016.


                                        








To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fs-investments-launches-fs-energy-total-return-fund-300429455.html









SOURCE  FS Investments


                                        








Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    








































Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Snapshot

Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 






3.





The Ratings Game

Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 






4.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






5.





SectorWatch

What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




2:25 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:24pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
2:24pStock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses
2:21pPeople aren’t saving for retirement and that’s why myRA is shutting down 
2:15pHow a college degree is like a Social Security check
2:13pOpinion Journal: The Trump Tax Reform Agenda
2:10pRetire early? Sounds great on paper but it could cost a lot
2:07p101 things to do in London for $20 or less
2:05pWho are the beneficiaries of a 401(k) if my wife and I die at the same time?
2:04pCharlie Gard, British baby at center of controversy, has died
2:03pUnder Armour's stock's low price doesn't mean it is cheap
2:00pRetirement Weekly news and analysis
1:56pFloyd Mayweather says he is going to make bank off an ICO
1:54pFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
1:52pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
1:49pThis city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
1:48pWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
1:45pWhy so many teens are clueless about money
1:45pHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
1:44pGold marks highest finish since mid-June, up 1.1% for the week
1:40pHow your pet could make you a target for scammers
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,807.82

+11.27
+0.05%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,376.56

-5.63
-0.09%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.04

-5.38
-0.22%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund | FS Investments













































Back to News





















Share























Email










Contact

FS Investments Media Team
media@fsinvestments.com
215-495-1174













March 27, 2017

FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund





 

PHILADELPHIA, PA – FS Investments, a leading alternative investment manager with over $19 billion in assets, today announced the launch of its first closed-end interval fund, FS Energy Total Return Fund. The fund seeks to generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing in the equity and debt securities of both public and private energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Investments already manages more than $5 billion of energy and power assets, with a focus on directly originated private debt investments. 
“FS Investments looks for ways to help investors access alternative sources of income and growth in the market, and we believe the energy industry has great long-term fundamentals if you have the flexibility to invest selectively across the entire sector and capital structure,” said Michael C. Forman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FS Investments. 
FS Investments believes changing sources of energy supply, aging energy infrastructure, merger and acquisition activity in the sector, and commodity price volatility have created an attractive environment for investing in energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Energy Total Return Fund seeks to capitalize on these favorable market conditions through what it believes are its key competitive advantages, which include an experienced senior management team, a flexible investment mandate across all energy sub-sectors and capital structures, a fund structure that supports a long-term investment horizon, and a differentiated investment process that aims to manage macroeconomic and commodity price risk. 
“We always seek to match a fund’s structure with its investment strategy,” added Mike Kelly, Chief Investment Officer of FS Investments. “FS Energy Total Return Fund has a broad investment mandate and while a primary focus of the fund will be in liquid equity securities, as an interval fund, it maintains the ability to invest in less liquid securities that have the potential for outperformance.”
FS Investments has selected Magnetar Asset Management LLC (Magnetar) as the investment sub-adviser for the fund. Magnetar is part of an Illinois-based alternative asset management group with a strong track record of investing in the energy sector. For more than 10 years, Magnetar’s energy team has actively invested in the North American energy markets and manages approximately $4.3 billion  of investor capital in private funds and institutional accounts.
FS Energy Total Return Fund is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and continuously offers its shares on a daily basis. For further information regarding the fund please visit https://fsinvestments.com/investments/funds/fs-energy-total-return-i.
ABOUT FS INVESTMENTS
FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth through funds managed in partnership with top institutional investment advisers. It focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency.
FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices in Orlando and Washington, DC. The firm currently manages seven funds with over $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016. Visit fsinvestments.com to learn more.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to the future performance or operations of FS Energy Total Return Fund. Words such as “believes,” “expects,” “projects” and “future” or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, and some of these factors are enumerated in the filings FS Energy Total Return Fund makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. FS Energy Total Return Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
FS Energy Total Return Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc (1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203, member FINRA). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with either FS Investments or any of its affiliates. 
An investment in FS Energy Total Return Fund involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The fund’s prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. Investors may obtain a copy of the fund’s prospectus free of charge at www.fsinvestments.com or by contacting FS Investments at 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19112 or by phone at 877-372-9880.  Investors should read and carefully consider all information found in the fund’s prospectus and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission before investing.
This fund is new and has limited operating history. 
Investing in the fund involves risk, including the risk that a shareholder may receive little or no return on their investment or that a shareholder may lose part or all of its investment. Investments in natural resource companies, master limited partnerships (MLPs), royalty trusts, equity securities (including dividend paying securities, private investment in public equity transactions and securities of smaller capitalization companies), debt instruments, high yield instruments and U.S. government debt securities; energy commodity prices and the volume of, and demand for, energy commodities; the highly cyclical nature of the natural resource and energy sectors; fluctuations of interest rates; investments in non-U.S. securities and securities denominated in foreign currencies and the economic impact on the Fund's fixed income investments' and investments in illiquid and restricted securities may create such risk. 
FST000106, ED 6/30/2017










Share























Email










Contact

FS Investments Media Team
media@fsinvestments.com
215-495-1174









Select your role

Financial advisor
Registered investment advisor
Individual investor
Other
















FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund









PR Newswire




Mar 27, 2017 8:00 AM EDT













 


















































  PHILADELPHIA, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FS Investments, a leading alternative investment manager with over $19 billion in assets, today announced the launch of its first closed-end interval fund, FS Energy Total Return Fund. The fund seeks to generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing in the equity and debt securities of both public and private energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Investments already manages more than $5 billion of energy and power assets, with a focus on directly originated private debt investments.     "FS Investments looks for ways to help investors access alternative sources of income and growth in the market, and we believe the energy industry has great long-term fundamentals if you have the flexibility to invest selectively across the entire sector and capital structure," said Michael C. Forman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FS Investments. FS Investments believes changing sources of energy supply, aging energy infrastructure, merger and acquisition activity in the sector, and commodity price volatility have created an attractive environment for investing in energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Energy Total Return Fund seeks to capitalize on these favorable market conditions through what it believes are its key competitive advantages, which include an experienced senior management team, a flexible investment mandate across all energy sub-sectors and capital structures, a fund structure that supports a long-term investment horizon, and a differentiated investment process that aims to manage macroeconomic and commodity price risk. "We always seek to match a fund's structure with its investment strategy," added Mike Kelly, Chief Investment Officer of FS Investments. "FS Energy Total Return Fund has a broad investment mandate and while a primary focus of the fund will be in liquid equity securities, as an interval fund, it maintains the ability to invest in less liquid securities that have the potential for outperformance." FS Investments has selected Magnetar Asset Management LLC (Magnetar) as the investment sub-adviser for the fund. Magnetar is part of an Illinois-based alternative asset management group with a strong track record of investing in the energy sector. For more than 10 years, Magnetar's energy team has actively invested in the North American energy markets and manages approximately $4.3 billion 1 of investor capital in private funds and institutional accounts. FS Energy Total Return Fund is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and continuously offers its shares on a daily basis. For further information regarding the fund please visit https://fsinvestments.com/investments/funds/fs-energy-total-return-i.  ABOUT FS INVESTMENTS FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth through funds managed in partnership with top institutional investment advisers. It focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency. FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices in Orlando and Washington, DC. The firm currently manages seven funds with over $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016. Visit  fsinvestments.com to learn more.  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURESThis press release may contain certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to the future performance or operations of FS Energy Total Return Fund. Words such as "believes," "expects," "projects" and "future" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, and some of these factors are enumerated in the filings FS Energy Total Return Fund makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. FS Energy Total Return Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  FS Energy Total Return Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc (1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203, member FINRA). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with either FS Investments or any of its affiliates.   An investment in FS Energy Total Return Fund involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. Investors may obtain a copy of the fund's prospectus free of charge at www.fsinvestments.com or by contacting FS Investments at 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19112 or by phone at 877-372-9880.  Investors should read and carefully consider all information found in the fund's prospectus and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission before investing.  This fund is new and has limited operating history.  



 








 































































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















FS Investment Energy Total Return | FS Investments











































Back to all investments

















FS Energy Total Return Fund–I 
XFEYX 


Fund: 


FS Energy Total Return Fund–A
FS Energy Total Return Fund–I
FS Energy Total Return Fund–L
FS Energy Total Return Fund–M
FS Energy Total Return Fund–T









Closed-end interval fund
Investment objectives
Generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation
Overview
FS Energy Total Return Fund is a continuously offered, non-traded closed-end fund operating as an interval fund.
Adviser
FS Energy Advisor, LLCAn affiliate of FS Investments
Sub-adviser
Magnetar Asset Management, LLC



Fund information updated 7/27/2017








          Daily NAV
            
            1
            

$12.06





          Daily NAV change ($)
        
$0.13




          Daily NAV change (%)
            


1.09%




            Distribution rate (at NAV)
              


-




Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.
View risk factors disclosure




Fund materials


Fund overview


Fund news


Prospectus


SEC filings










      View Pricing Disclosure For Footnote 1





1FS Energy Total Return Fund’s NAV per common share as of the date indicated is the NAV determined by FS Energy Total Return Fund for purposes of complying with the requirements of Section 23(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and has not been approved by FS Energy Total Return Fund’s board of trustees. FS Energy Total Return Fund’s NAV per common share may increase or decrease in the future, and any such change may be material.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so
that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance
data current to the most recent month end, please call 877-372-9880 or visit our website at www.fsinvestments.com.















                1
              






YTD
Annualized

              0.0%
            



1 year
Annualized

              0.0%
            



3 years
Annualized

              0.0%
            



5 years
Annualized

              ––
            



Since inception
Annualized

              0.0%
            



Cumulative total return

              Since inception
            

              0.0%
            






Cumulative total return 
                
                  2
                

Since inception (with sales charge, compounded monthly)

              1.0%
            



Cumulative cash distributions per share 
                
                  3
                

Since inception

              $0.00
            



Inception date
Annualized
1/28/2017








Returns shown are historical only and are based on past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.




            View Returns disclosure For Footnotes 
          












Portfolio composition1

Asset
Subsector
Top 10 holdings


















            View Portfolio disclosure For Footnotes 
          


















Key facts




Ticker 
                            
XFEYX





Min. initial investment
                                    1

$1 million




Net assets
                            
-





Distributions
                                    6

Quarterly





CUSIP 
                            
302682109





Sponsor commitment 
                                
(as of 3/15/2017)
2

$20 million





Net expense ratio
                                    4

2.56%









Share class inception date
                            
3/15/2017




Share repurchase program
                                    3

Quarterly; no less than 5% of shares outstanding





Gross expense ratio
                                    5

6.16%










 








      View key facts disclosure for Footnotes 123456





1Any minimum initial investment requirement may be waived in FS Energy Total Return Fund’s sole discretion.
        

2The sponsor commitment represents the aggregate investments in FS Energy Total Return Fund made by individuals and entities affiliated with FS Investments and Magnetar Capital Partners LP,
including members of FS Energy Total Return Fund’s board of trustees.
        

3No secondary market is expected to develop for the Fund’s common shares; liquidity for the common shares will be provided only through quarterly repurchase offers for no less than 5% and
no more than 25% of the common shares at net asset value, and there is no guarantee that an investor will be able to sell all the common shares that the investor desires to sell in the
repurchase offer. Due to these restrictions, an investor should consider an investment in the Fund to be of limited liquidity.
        

4Calculated as a percentage of average net assets attributable to shares for year 1. The fund’s actual expenses may be different than the estimate above. The calculation also takes into account
the fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement during such time period. FS Energy Advisor, LLC, the Fund’s adviser, has entered into an expense limitation agreement with the Fund under which
it has agreed to pay or absorb the “ordinary operating expenses” (exclusive of (1) investment advisory fees, (2) portfolio transaction and other investment-related costs, (3) interest expense and
other financing costs, (4) taxes, (5) distribution or shareholder servicing fees and (6) extraordinary expenses) of the fund attributable to a share class to the extent that such expenses exceed
0.00% per annum of the Fund’s average daily net assets attributable to the applicable share class until at least March 8, 2018. The Fund may terminate the expense limitation agreement at any
time. The expense limitation agreement permits the adviser to recoup the amounts it has paid or absorbed pursuant to the agreement in the future, subject to certain limitations. The expense
limitation may be different in future years.
        

5Calculated as a percentage of average net assets attributable to shares for year 1. The fund’s actual expenses may be different than the estimate above.
        

6The payment of distributions on FS Energy Total Return Fund’s common shares is subject to the discretion of FS Energy Total Return Fund’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions
and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such distributions.
        







      View risk factors disclosure




Investing in the Fund involves risks, including the risk that a shareholder may receive little or no return on their investment or that a shareholder may lose part or all of its investment. Below is a summary of some of the principal risks of investing in the Fund. The following is only a summary of certain risks of investing in the Fund. For a more complete discussion of the risks of investment in the Fund, see the Fund’s prospectus including the risk factors set forth under the heading entitled “Types of Investments and Related Risks,” before deciding to invest in the Fund. Risks related to the Fund’s investments include risks relating to:Investments in natural resource companies, master limited partnerships (MLPs), royalty trusts, equity securities (including dividend-paying securities, private investment in public equity transactions and securities of smaller capitalization companies), debt instruments, high yield instruments and U.S. government debt securities;Energy commodity prices and the volume of, and demand for, energy commodities;The highly cyclical nature of the natural resource and energy sectors;The depletion of commodity reserves or overstatement of the quantities of Natural Resource Company reserves;Changes in the regulatory environment that affect the profitability of Natural Resource Companies;Fluctuations of interest rates and the economic impact on the Fund’s fixed income investments;Investments in illiquid and restricted securities;Predicting future commodity prices;The Fund’s use of derivative transactions that have economic leverage embedded in them and/or leverage;Investments in non-U.S. securities and securities denominated in foreign currencies;Market disruption and geopolitical events, economic events and market events, and government intervention in the financial markets; andInflation and deflation risk.Other risks relating to the Fund include risks resulting from:The Fund’s lack of operating history;The recently established relationship between FS Energy Advisor and Magnetar, as well as each entity’s limited experience in advising or sub-advising a registered investment company (RIC);The Fund’s long-term investment horizon, management and dependence on key personnel;The liquidity risks associated with the Fund’s closed-end interval fund structure;Risks related to regulatory changes impacting investments in commodities and derivatives;The anti-takeover provisions in the Fund’s declaration of trust and bylaws;The Fund’s status as a non-diversified investment company; andThe Fund’s status as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.Accordingly, the Fund should be considered a speculative investment that entails substantial risks, and prospective investors should invest in the Fund only if they can sustain a complete loss of their investments.﻿







Corporate governance








Related content










Download our overview of the interval fund structure






Navigating volatility on the ascent
Three ways advisors and investors can position themselves for success in 2017



Fund News


3/27/2017
FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund















If you want to learn more, contact us at: Support





Select your role

Financial advisor
Registered investment advisor
Individual investor
Other






























 



 FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund 
         










    










 













 











 



















FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund
        																																												
              

          Leading alternative asset manager further diversifies portfolio of solutions with first closed-end interval fund
        
















 News provided by
FS Investments  
Mar 27, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































PHILADELPHIA, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FS Investments, a leading alternative investment manager with over $19 billion in assets, today announced the launch of its first closed-end interval fund, FS Energy Total Return Fund. The fund seeks to generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing in the equity and debt securities of both public and private energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Investments already manages more than $5 billion of energy and power assets, with a focus on directly originated private debt investments. 








"FS Investments looks for ways to help investors access alternative sources of income and growth in the market, and we believe the energy industry has great long-term fundamentals if you have the flexibility to invest selectively across the entire sector and capital structure," said Michael C. Forman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FS Investments. 
FS Investments believes changing sources of energy supply, aging energy infrastructure, merger and acquisition activity in the sector, and commodity price volatility have created an attractive environment for investing in energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Energy Total Return Fund seeks to capitalize on these favorable market conditions through what it believes are its key competitive advantages, which include an experienced senior management team, a flexible investment mandate across all energy sub-sectors and capital structures, a fund structure that supports a long-term investment horizon, and a differentiated investment process that aims to manage macroeconomic and commodity price risk. 
"We always seek to match a fund's structure with its investment strategy," added Mike Kelly, Chief Investment Officer of FS Investments. "FS Energy Total Return Fund has a broad investment mandate and while a primary focus of the fund will be in liquid equity securities, as an interval fund, it maintains the ability to invest in less liquid securities that have the potential for outperformance."
FS Investments has selected Magnetar Asset Management LLC (Magnetar) as the investment sub-adviser for the fund. Magnetar is part of an Illinois-based alternative asset management group with a strong track record of investing in the energy sector. For more than 10 years, Magnetar's energy team has actively invested in the North American energy markets and manages approximately $4.3 billion1 of investor capital in private funds and institutional accounts.
FS Energy Total Return Fund is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and continuously offers its shares on a daily basis. For further information regarding the fund please visit https://fsinvestments.com/investments/funds/fs-energy-total-return-i.
ABOUT FS INVESTMENTS FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth through funds managed in partnership with top institutional investment advisers. It focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency.
FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices in Orlando and Washington, DC. The firm currently manages seven funds with over $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016. Visit fsinvestments.com to learn more.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURESThis press release may contain certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to the future performance or operations of FS Energy Total Return Fund. Words such as "believes," "expects," "projects" and "future" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, and some of these factors are enumerated in the filings FS Energy Total Return Fund makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. FS Energy Total Return Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
FS Energy Total Return Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc (1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203, member FINRA). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with either FS Investments or any of its affiliates. 
An investment in FS Energy Total Return Fund involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. Investors may obtain a copy of the fund's prospectus free of charge at www.fsinvestments.com or by contacting FS Investments at 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19112 or by phone at 877-372-9880.  Investors should read and carefully consider all information found in the fund's prospectus and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission before investing. 
This fund is new and has limited operating history. 
Investing in the fund involves risk, including the risk that a shareholder may receive little or no return on their investment or that a shareholder may lose part or all of its investment. Investments in natural resource companies, master limited partnerships (MLPs), royalty trusts, equity securities (including dividend paying securities, private investment in public equity transactions and securities of smaller capitalization companies), debt instruments, high yield instruments and U.S. government debt securities; energy commodity prices and the volume of, and demand for, energy commodities; the highly cyclical nature of the natural resource and energy sectors; fluctuations of interest rates; investments in non-U.S. securities and securities denominated in foreign currencies and the economic impact on the Fund's fixed income investments' and investments in illiquid and restricted securities may create such risk.  
FST000106, ED 6/30/2017
Contact Information:
FS Investments Media Teammedia@fsinvestments.com215-495-1174
1 As of December 31, 2016.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fs-investments-launches-fs-energy-total-return-fund-300429455.html
SOURCE FS Investments
 Related Links

http://fsinvestments.com



 

















Apr 10, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: FS Investments Closes on More Than $1.7 Billion of Middle Market Commitments in the Fourth Quarter




















Feb 02, 2017, 12:17 ET
Preview: FS Investments Hires Credit Suisse Veteran Chris Condelles








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 26, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              FS Investments Names Mike Kelly President








 











Jul 12, 2017, 09:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              FS Investments Appoints Michael Carter as Head of Strategy





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
New Products & Services








 You just read:
FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund


 News provided by
FS Investments  
Mar 27, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















































FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



FS Investments Launches FS Energy Total Return Fund

Leading alternative asset manager further diversifies portfolio of solutions with first closed-end interval fund




Mar 27, 2017, 8:00am EDT














PHILADELPHIA, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- FS Investments, a leading alternative investment manager with over $19 billion in assets, today announced the launch of its first closed-end interval fund, FS Energy Total Return Fund. The fund seeks to generate an attractive total return consisting of current income and capital appreciation by investing in the equity and debt securities of both public and private energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Investments already manages more than $5 billion of energy and power assets, with a focus on directly originated private debt investments. 



"FS Investments looks for ways to help investors access alternative sources of income and growth in the market, and we believe the energy industry has great long-term fundamentals if you have the flexibility to invest selectively across the entire sector and capital structure," said Michael C. Forman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FS Investments. 
FS Investments believes changing sources of energy supply, aging energy infrastructure, merger and acquisition activity in the sector, and commodity price volatility have created an attractive environment for investing in energy and energy infrastructure companies. FS Energy Total Return Fund seeks to capitalize on these favorable market conditions through what it believes are its key competitive advantages, which include an experienced senior management team, a flexible investment mandate across all energy sub-sectors and capital structures, a fund structure that supports a long-term investment horizon, and a differentiated investment process that aims to manage macroeconomic and commodity price risk. 
"We always seek to match a fund's structure with its investment strategy," added Mike Kelly, Chief Investment Officer of FS Investments. "FS Energy Total Return Fund has a broad investment mandate and while a primary focus of the fund will be in liquid equity securities, as an interval fund, it maintains the ability to invest in less liquid securities that have the potential for outperformance."
FS Investments has selected Magnetar Asset Management LLC (Magnetar) as the investment sub-adviser for the fund. Magnetar is part of an Illinois-based alternative asset management group with a strong track record of investing in the energy sector. For more than 10 years, Magnetar's energy team has actively invested in the North American energy markets and manages approximately $4.3 billion1 of investor capital in private funds and institutional accounts.
FS Energy Total Return Fund is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and continuously offers its shares on a daily basis. For further information regarding the fund please visit https://fsinvestments.com/investments/funds/fs-energy-total-return-i.
ABOUT FS INVESTMENTS FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth through funds managed in partnership with top institutional investment advisers. It focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency.
FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices in Orlando and Washington, DC. The firm currently manages seven funds with over $19 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016. Visit fsinvestments.com to learn more.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURESThis press release may contain certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to the future performance or operations of FS Energy Total Return Fund. Words such as "believes," "expects," "projects" and "future" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, and some of these factors are enumerated in the filings FS Energy Total Return Fund makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. FS Energy Total Return Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
FS Energy Total Return Fund is distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc (1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203, member FINRA). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is not affiliated with either FS Investments or any of its affiliates. 
An investment in FS Energy Total Return Fund involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. Investors are advised to consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. Investors may obtain a copy of the fund's prospectus free of charge at www.fsinvestments.com or by contacting FS Investments at 201 Rouse Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19112 or by phone at 877-372-9880.  Investors should read and carefully consider all information found in the fund's prospectus and other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission before investing. 
This fund is new and has limited operating history. 
Investing in the fund involves risk, including the risk that a shareholder may receive little or no return on their investment or that a shareholder may lose part or all of its investment. Investments in natural resource companies, master limited partnerships (MLPs), royalty trusts, equity securities (including dividend paying securities, private investment in public equity transactions and securities of smaller capitalization companies), debt instruments, high yield instruments and U.S. government debt securities; energy commodity prices and the volume of, and demand for, energy commodities; the highly cyclical nature of the natural resource and energy sectors; fluctuations of interest rates; investments in non-U.S. securities and securities denominated in foreign currencies and the economic impact on the Fund's fixed income investments' and investments in illiquid and restricted securities may create such risk.  
FST000106, ED 6/30/2017
Contact Information:
FS Investments Media Teammedia@fsinvestments.com215-495-1174
1 As of December 31, 2016.


To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fs-investments-launches-fs-energy-total-return-fund-300429455.html
SOURCE  FS Investments




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


