





FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-T2 | FS Investments











































Back to all investments

















FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund–T2 
FSGCO–T2 


Fund: 

FSGCO—A, FSGCO—D and FSGCO-T are closed to new investors. FSGCO—T2 and FSGCO—ADV are available for purchase through financial advisors, however, FSGCO—ADV is only for use with advisory accounts. Consult with your financial advisor for more information.



FSGCO—A
FSGCO—ADV
FSGCO—D
FSGCO—T
FSGCO–T2









Investment objectives
Generate an attractive total return with a secondary objective of capital preservation
Overview
FSGCO is an unlisted, closed-end fund. The fund invests primarily in global corporate credit, including loans, bonds and other credit instruments that companies use to finance their operations.
Adviser
FS Global Advisor, LLCAn affiliate of FS Investments
Sub-adviser
GSO Capital Partners LPThe credit platform of Blackstone



Pricing


          Public offering price
            
              1
            

(as of 6/7/2017)
-




Net asset value 
            
              2
            

(as of 6/7/2017)
-




          Annualized distribution rate
            
              3
            

(based on public offering price)
-




          Annualized distribution amount
            
              3
            

(as of 6/7/2017)
-











Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.
View risk factors disclosure




Fund materials


Investor video


Prospectus


Subscription agreement


Investor brochure


SEC filings


All materials










      View Pricing Disclosure For Footnotes 123





1FSGCO–T2’s common shares are subject to an upfront sales load of up to 4.00% of FSGCO–T2’s public offering price per common share, offering costs of up to 1.00% of the aggregate proceeds raised in FSGCO–T2’s continuous public offering, after payment of the upfront sales load, and an annual distribution fee of 1.33% of the net asset value (NAV) of the common shares. Additionally, FSGCO–T2’s common shares will be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge if they are tendered within a certain period of time. See FSGCO–T2’s prospectus for additional information regarding applicable fees and expenses, including additional annual expenses to which FSGCO–T2 is subject.
        

2FSGCO–T2's NAV per common share as of the date indicated is the NAV determined by FSGCO–T2 for purposes of complying with the requirements of Section 23(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and has not been approved by FSGCO–T2's board of trustees. FSGCO–T2's NAV per common share may increase or decrease in the future and any such change may be material.
        

3The annualized distribution rate shown is expressed as a percentage equal to the projected annualized distribution amount per share (which is calculated by annualizing the regular weekly cash distribution per share as of the date indicated, without compounding), divided by FSGCO–T2's public offering price per share as of the date indicated. The annualized distribution rate shown may be rounded. The payment of future distributions on FSGCO–T2's common shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO–T2's board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.
        








Performance – returns



Shareholder returns 
              
                1
              

Without sales charge, compounded monthly




YTD
Annualized

              3.6%
            



1 year
Annualized

              ––
            



3 years
Annualized

              ––
            



5 years
Annualized

              ––
            



Since inception
Annualized

              ––
            



Cumulative total return

              Since inception
            

              18.4%
            






Cumulative total return 
                
                  2
                

Since inception (with sales charge, compounded monthly)

              12.7%
            



Cumulative cash distributions per share 
                
                  3
                

Since inception

              $0.62
            



Inception date
Annualized
6/2/2016







As of 5/31/2017, unless otherwise noted. Numbers may be rounded.
Returns shown are historical only and are based on past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.




            View Returns disclosure For Footnotes 123





1Shareholder Returns (Without Sales Charge) are the total returns an investor received for the highlighted period taking into account all distributions paid during such period, compounded monthly. The calculation assumes that the investor purchased
shares at FSGCO-T2’s public offering price, excluding selling commissions and dealer manager fees, at the beginning of the applicable period and reinvested all cash distributions pursuant to FSGCO-T2’s distribution reinvestment plan (“DRP”).
Valuation as of the end of each period is the repurchase price pursuant to FSGCO-T2’s share repurchase program on such date and does not reflect any applicable contingent deferred sales charge (“CDSC”). Shareholder returns (without sales charge)
do not include selling commissions and dealer manager fees, which could total up to 4.0% of FSGCO-T2’s public offering price or any CDSC. Had such selling commissions, dealer manager fees and CDSC been included, performance would be lower.
Upon liquidation or repurchase, market conditions may cause the actual values to be more or less than the values shown.FSGCO-T2’s total operating expenses as a percentage of average net assets was 1.00% for the period from June 1, 2016 (commencement of operations) to December
31, 2016. Shareholders of FSGCO-T2 indirectly bear the expenses of the Fund, as FSGCO-T2’s assets are invested in the Fund. The Fund’s total operating expenses as a percentage of average net assets was 4.61% for the year ended December 31,
2016. See FSGCO-T2's prospectus for additional information regarding applicable fees and expenses, including additional annual expenses to which shareholders of FSGCO-T2 are subject.
              

2Shareholder Return (With Sales Charge) is the total return an investor received since inception taking into account all distributions paid during such period, compounded monthly. The calculation assumes that the investor purchased shares
at FSGCO-T2’s public offering price, including the maximum selling commissions and dealer manager fees, at inception and reinvested all distributions pursuant to FSGCO-T2’s DRP. Valuation as of the end of the period assumes such investor tendered
all shares of FSGCO-T2 pursuant to its share repurchase program at the repurchase price on such date and was subject to the applicable CDSC, as further described in FSGCO-T2’s prospectus. Had the investor not tendered his or her shares at the
end of the period (and was therefore not subject to the CDSC), the Shareholder return (with sales charge) would be 13.7%. Upon liquidation or repurchase, market conditions may cause the actual values to be more or less than the values shown.
              

3Cumulative cash distributions per share reflect the total regular cash distributions paid since inception on a per share basis as of May 31, 2017. The payment of future distributions on FSGCO-T2’s shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO-T2’s board
of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.
              









Portfolio composition1

Asset
Subsector
Top 10 holdings


















            View Portfolio disclosure For Footnotes 1





1As of 3/31/2017. Calculated as a percentage of fair value. Fair value is determined by FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund’s (FSGCO) board of trustees. Investments listed are held by FSGCO. Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–A, FSGCO–T, FSGCO–D, FSGCO–ADV, and FSGCO–T2.
              















Key facts*




Effective date
                            

                                6/20/2017
                            




Registered shares 
                                1

100 million





                                Total AUM 
                                2

$2.23 billion




Number of portfolio companies
                            
93




Sponsor commitment 
                                (as of 5/1/2017)
3
$57.14 million




Floating rate assets 
                                4
40% of portfolio




Distribution frequency 
                                5
Monthly




Liquidity 
                                6
Quarterly tender offers




Tax reporting
                            
Form 1099-DIV












*As of 3/31/2017 unless otherwise noted.








      View key facts disclosure for Footnotes 123456





1Registered shares means the shares registered on the registration statement relating to FSGCO–T2’s initial public offering that was initially declared effective by the SEC on June 20, 2017, as amended.
        

2Total AUM represents the total assets of FSGCO. Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–A, FSGCO–D, FSGCO–T, FSGCO–ADV and FSGCO–T2.
        

3Sponsor commitment means the aggregate investments in FSGCO–T2, FSGCO–T, FSGCO–A, FSGCO–D and FSGCO–ADV made by investors affiliated with FS Global Advisor, LLC and GSO Capital Partners LP, including members of FSGCO–T2’s board of trustees.
        

4Calculated as a percentage of fair value. Fair value is determined by FSGCO’s board of trustees.
        

5The payment of distributions on FSGCO–T2’s common shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO–T2’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such distributions.
        

6FSGCO–T2 intends to repurchase a limited number of shares pursuant to its share repurchase program. FSGCO–T2 may amend, suspend or terminate its share repurchase program at any time. FSGCO–T2 will offer to repurchase common shares at a price equal to NAV per common share in effect on each date of repurchase; however, common shares will be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge if they are tendered within a certain period of time. See FSGCO–T2’s prospectus for additional information regarding the share repurchase program.
        







      View risk factors disclosure




Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–T2, which invests substantially all of the net proceeds from its public offering in common shares of FSGCO. FSGCO is a separate non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that carries out the investment strategies generally described herein. An investment in FSGCO–T2 involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. The following are some of the risks an investment in FSGCO–T2’s common shares involves; however, investors should carefully consider all of the risks discussed in FSGCO–T2’s prospectus, including the risk factors set forth under the heading entitled “Types of Investments and Related Risks,” before deciding to invest in FSGCO–T2’s common shares.An investment in common shares is not suitable for an investor if they need access to the money they invest.Shareholders should consider that they may not have access to the money they invest for an indefinite period of time.Unlike an investor in most closed-end funds, FSGCO–T2’s shareholders should not expect to be able to sell their common shares regardless of how FSGCO–T2 performs.If a shareholder is able to sell their common shares, the shareholder will likely receive less than their purchase price and the then-current NAV per common share.Investors in the FSGCO–T2’s common shares are subject to an annual distribution fee of 1.33% of the NAV of the common shares, which will begin to accrue on the first day of the first fullcalendar month following the final weekly closing in FSGCO–T2’s offering, and also will be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge if they tender their common shares for repurchase by FSGCO–T2 at any time prior to the third anniversary of the date on which the distribution fee begins to accrue. The maximum contingent deferred sales charge is 1.00%, which assumes a shareholder tenders his or her common shares prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the distribution fee begins to accrue.Unlike most closed-end funds, FSGCO–T2’s common shares are not listed on any securities exchange and FSGCO–T2 intends to evaluative completing a liquidity event within-seven years following December 12, 2013, the date on which FSGCO commenced investment operations. The distribution fee will terminate for all shareholders upon the occurrence of a liquidity event. As such, there may be a conflict of interest relating to the timing with which FS Global Advisor, LLC seeks to complete a liquidity event for shareholders.To provide shareholders with limited liquidity, FSGCO–T2 intends to conduct quarterly repurchases of shares. Although FSGCO–T2 has implemented a share repurchase program, it may be discontinued at any time and only a limited number of shares are eligible for repurchase.FSGCO–T2’s distributions may be funded from unlimited amounts of offering proceeds or borrowings, which may constitute a return of capital and reduce the amount of capital available to FSGCO–T2 for investment. Any capital returned to shareholders through distributions will be distributed after payment of fees and expenses, as well as the sales load.FSGCO’s previous distributions to shareholders were funded in significant part from the reimbursement of certain expenses, including through the waiver of certain investment advisory fees, and additional support payments that may be subject to repayment to FSGCO–T2’s and FSGCO’s affiliate, FS Investments, and FSGCO–T2’s and FSGCO’s future distributions may be funded from such waivers, reimbursements or payments. Significant portions of these distributions were not based on FSGCO’s investment performance, and such waivers, reimbursements and payments by FS Investments may not continue in the future. If FS Investments had not agreed to reimburse certain of FSGCO–T2’s or FSGCO’s expenses, including through the waiver of certain advisory fees payable by FSGCO, and provide additional support payments, significant portions of FSGCO’s distributions would have come from offering proceeds or borrowings. The repayment of any amounts owed to FS Investments will reduce the future distributions to which FSGCO–T2’s shareholders would otherwise be entitled.Even if FSGCO does eventually list its shares, shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to NAV, and this creates a risk of loss for investors who purchase shares at the offering price. This risk is separate and distinct from the risk that FSGCO–T2's﻿ NAV will decrease.FSGCO’s investments in securities and other obligations of companies that are experiencing distress involve a substantial degree of risk, require a high level of analytical sophistication for successful investment and require active monitoring.FSGCO’s investments in various types of debt securities and instruments may be secured, unsecured, rated or unrated, are subject to non-payment risk, and may be speculative in nature. Below investment grade instruments (commonly referred to as “high yield” securities or “junk bonds”) may be particularly susceptible to economic downturns, which could cause losses. FSGCO may invest in illiquid and restricted securities that may be difficult to dispose of at a fair price.FSGCO’s use of leverage could result in special risks for FSGCO’s shareholders, including FSGCO–T2, and can magnify the effect of any losses.Investments in certain securities or other instruments of non-U.S. issuers or borrowers may involve factors not typically associated with investing in the United States or other developed countries.Securities or other instruments of non-U.S. securities may be traded in underdeveloped, inefficient and less liquid markets and may experience greater price volatility, illiquidity and changes in value.FS Global Advisor, LLC, GSO Capital Partners LP and certain of their affiliates may experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of FSGCO.FSGCO–T2 has no operating history and FSGCO has a limited operating history and are subject to the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business.FSGCO seeks to achieve its investment objectives by focusing on a limited number of opportunities across the investment universe.The public offering by FSGCO–T2 is being made on a “best efforts” basis. To the extent that less than the maximum number of common shares is subscribed for, the opportunity for the allocation of FSGCO’s investments among various issuers and industries may be decreased, and the returns achieved on those investments may be reduced as a result of allocating all of FSGCO’s expenses over a smaller capital base.







To invest in FSGCO–T2, an investor must have either (i) a net worth (not including home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $70,000 and an annual gross income of at least $70,000, or (ii) a net worth (not including home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $250,000. Please consult the prospectus for a detailed description of the suitability standards imposed on investors.Corporate governanceFS Investment Solutions, LLC | 201 Rouse Boulevard | Philadelphia, PA 19112877-372-9880 | Member FINRA/SIPC








Related content









Perspective on current market trends
Week in review






Fund commentary
Read the latest FSGCO quarterly commentary



Fund News


6/8/2016
Franklin Square Launches New Feeder Fund to Access Its Global Credit Strategy



1/14/2014
ThinkAdvisor: New Franklin Square Fund Will Be Lender of Choice for Euro Corporates



12/3/2013
Franklin Square Capital Partners Launches New Global Credit Alternative















If you want to learn more, contact us at: Support





Select your role

Financial advisor
Registered investment advisor
Individual investor
Other















FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-ADV | FS Investments











































Back to all investments

















FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund—ADV 
FSGCO—ADV 


Fund: 

FSGCO—A, FSGCO—D and FSGCO-T are closed to new investors. FSGCO—T2 and FSGCO—ADV are available for purchase through financial advisors, however, FSGCO—ADV is only for use with advisory accounts. Consult with your financial advisor for more information.



FSGCO—A
FSGCO—ADV
FSGCO—D
FSGCO—T
FSGCO—T2









Investment objectives
Generate an attractive total return with a secondary objective of capital preservation
Overview
FSGCO is an unlisted, closed-end fund. The fund invests primarily in global corporate credit, including loans, bonds and other credit instruments that companies use to finance their operations.
Adviser
FS Global Advisor, LLCAn affiliate of FS Investments
Sub-adviser
GSO Capital Partners LPThe credit platform of Blackstone



Pricing


          Public offering price
            
              1
            

(as of 7/26/2017)
$7.91




Net asset value 
            
              2
            

(as of 7/26/2017)
$7.91




          Annualized distribution rate
            
              3
            

(based on public offering price)
8.39%




          Annualized distribution amount
            
              3
            

(as of 7/26/2017)
$0.66











Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.
View risk factors disclosure




Fund materials


Investor video


Prospectus


Subscription agreement


Fact sheet


Investor brochure


SEC filings


Fund commentary


All materials










      View Pricing Disclosure For Footnotes 123





1FSGCO–ADV’s common shares are subject to offering costs of up to 1.00% of the aggregate proceeds raised in FSGCO–ADV’s continuous public offering and an annual distribution fee of
0.67% of the net asset value (NAV) of the common shares. See FSGCO–ADV’s prospectus for additional information regarding applicable fees and expenses.
        

2FSGCO–ADV’s NAV per common share as of the date indicated is the NAV determined by FSGCO–ADV for purposes of complying with the requirements of Section 23(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and has not been approved by FSGCO–ADV’s board of trustees. FSGCO–ADV’s NAV per common share may increase or decrease in the future, and any such change may be material.
        

3The annualized distribution rate shown is expressed as a percentage equal to the projected annualized distribution amount per share (which is calculated by annualizing the regular weekly cash distribution per share as of the date indicated, without compounding), divided by FSGCO–ADV’s public offering price per share as of the date indicated. The annualized distribution rate shown may be rounded. The payment of future distributions on FSGCO–ADV’s common shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO–ADV’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions. The sources of FSGCO–ADV’s cash distributions for the period from July 6, 2016 (Commencement of Operations) to December 31, 2016 were as follows: net investment income: 90%, expense reimbursement from FS Investments: 10%. The determination of the tax attributes of FSGCO–ADV’s distributions is made annually as of the end of FSGCO–ADV’s fiscal year based upon FSGCO–ADV’s taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year. Therefore, a determination made on an interim basis may not be representative of the actual tax attributes of FSGCO–ADV’s distributions for a full year. The actual tax characteristics of distributions to shareholders are reported to shareholders annually on Form 1099-DIV.
        








Performance – returns



Shareholder returns 
              
                1
              

Compounded monthly




YTD
Annualized

              3.4%
            



1 year
Annualized

              ––
            



3 years
Annualized

              ––
            



5 years
Annualized

              ––
            



Since inception
Annualized

              ––
            



Cumulative total return

              Since inception
            

              18.3%
            







Cumulative cash distributions per share 
                
                  2
                

Since inception

              $0.60
            



Inception date
Annualized
7/7/2016







As of 5/31/2017, unless otherwise noted. Numbers may be rounded.
Returns shown are historical only and are based on past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.




            View Returns disclosure For Footnotes 12





1Shareholder Returns are the total returns an investor received for the highlighted period taking into account all distributions paid during such period, compounded monthly. The calculation assumes that the investor purchased shares at FSGCO—ADV’s public offering price at the beginning of the applicable period and reinvested all cash distributions pursuant to FSGCO—ADV’s distribution reinvestment plan (“DRP”). Valuation as of the end of each period is the repurchase price pursuant to FSGCO— ADV’s share repurchase program on such date. Upon liquidation or repurchase, market conditions may cause the actual values to be more or less than the values shown.
FSGCO—ADV’s total operating expenses as a percentage of average net assets was 1.48% for the period from July 6, 2016 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2016. Shareholders of FSGCO—ADV indirectly bear the expenses of the Fund, as FSGCO—ADV’s assets are invested in the Fund. The Fund’s total operating expenses as a percentage of average net assets was 4.61% for the year ended December 31, 2016. See FSGCO—ADV’s prospectus for additional information regarding applicable fees and expenses, including additional annual expenses to which shareholders of FSGCO—ADV are subject.
              

2Cumulative cash distributions per share reflect the total regular cash distributions paid since inception on a per share basis as of May 31, 2017. The payment of future distributions on FSGCO—ADV’s shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO— ADV’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such future distributions.
              









Portfolio composition1

Asset
Subsector
Top 10 holdings


















            View Portfolio disclosure For Footnotes 1





1As of 3/31/2017. Calculated as a percentage of fair value. Fair value is determined by FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund’s (FSGCO) board of trustees. Investments listed are held by FSGCO. Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–A, FSGCO–D, FSGCO–T, FSGCO–ADV and FSGCO–T2.
              















Key facts*




Inception date
                            

                                7/6/2016
                            




Registered shares 
                                1

30 million





                                Total AUM 
                                2

$2.23 billion




Number of portfolio companies
                            
93




Sponsor commitment 
                                (as of 5/1/2017)
3
$57.14 million




Floating rate assets 
                                4
40% of portfolio




Distribution frequency 
                                5
Monthly




Liquidity 
                                6
Quarterly tender offers




Tax reporting
                            
Form 1099-DIV












*As of 3/31/2017 unless otherwise noted.








      View key facts disclosure for Footnotes 123456





1Registered shares means the shares registered on the registration statement relating to FSGCO–ADV’s initial public offering that was initially declared effective by the SEC on April 28, 2016,
as amended.
        

2Total AUM represents the total assets of FSGCO. Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–A, FSGCO–D, FSGCO–T, FSGCO–ADV, and FSGCO–T2.
        

3Sponsor commitment means the aggregate investments in FSGCO–T, FSGCO–A, FSGCO–D, FSGCO–ADV, and FSGCO-T2 made by investors affiliated with FS Global Advisor, LLC and GSO
Capital Partners LP, including members of FSGCO–ADV’s board of trustees.
        

4Calculated as a percentage of fair value. Fair value is determined by FSGCO’s board of trustees.
        

5The payment of distributions on FSGCO–ADV’s common shares is subject to the discretion of FSGCO–ADV’s board of trustees and applicable legal restrictions and, therefore, there can be
no assurance as to the amount or timing of any such distributions.
        

6FSGCO–ADV intends to repurchase a limited number of shares pursuant to its share repurchase program. FSGCO–ADV may amend, suspend or terminate its share repurchase program at any time. FSGCO–ADV will offer to repurchase common shares at a price equal to NAV per common share in effect on each date of repurchase. See FSGCO–ADV’s prospectus for additional information regarding the share repurchase program.
        







      View risk factors disclosure




Investments in FSGCO are made indirectly through FSGCO–ADV, which invests substantially all of the net proceeds from its public offering in common shares of FSGCO. FSGCO is a separate non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that carries out the investment strategies generally described herein. An investment in FSGCO–ADV involves a high degree of risk and may be considered speculative. The following are some of the risks an investment in FSGCO–ADV’s common shares involves; however, investors should carefully consider all of the risks discussed in FSGCO–ADV’s prospectus, including the risk factors set forth under the heading entitled “Types of Investments and Related Risks,” before deciding to invest in FSGCO–ADV’s common shares.An investment in common shares is not suitable for an investor if they need access to the money they invest.Shareholders should consider that they may not have access to the money they invest for an indefinite period of time.Unlike an investor in most closed-end funds, FSGCO–ADV’s shareholders should not expect to be able to sell their common shares regardless of how FSGCO–ADV performs.If a shareholder is able to sell their common shares, the shareholder will likely receive less than their purchase price and the then-current NAV per common share.Investors in FSGCO–ADV’s common shares are subject to an annual distribution fee of 0.67% of the NAV of the shares, which will begin to accrue on the first day of the first full calendarmonth following the final weekly closing in FSGCO–ADV’s offering.Unlike most closed-end funds, FSGCO–ADV’s common shares are not listed on any securities exchange and FSGCO–ADV intends to evaluative completing a liquidity event within seven years following December 12, 2013, the date on which FSGCO commenced investment operations. The distribution fee will terminate for all shareholders upon the occurrence of a liquidity event. As such, there may be a conflict of interest relating to the timing with which FS Global Advisor, LLC seeks to complete a liquidity event for shareholders.To provide shareholders with limited liquidity, FSGCO–ADV intends to conduct quarterly repurchases of shares. Although FSGCO–ADV has implemented a share repurchase program, it may be discontinued at any time and only a limited number of shares are eligible for repurchase. FSGCO–ADV’s distributions may be funded from unlimited amounts of offering proceeds or borrowings, which may constitute a return of capital and reduce the amount of capital available to FSGCO–ADV for investment. Any capital returned to shareholders through distributions will be distributed after payment of fees and expenses.FSGCO–ADV’s and FSGCO’s previous distributions to shareholders were funded in significant part from the reimbursement of certain expenses, including through the waiver of certain investment advisory fees, and additional support payments that may be subject to repayment to FSGCO–ADV’s and FSGCO’s affiliate, FS Investments, and FSGCO–ADV’s and FSGCO’s future distributions may be funded from such waivers, reimbursements or payments. Significant portions of these distributions were not based on FSGCO’s investment performance and such waivers, reimbursements and payments by FS Investments may not continue in the future. If FS Investments had not agreed to reimburse certain of FSGCO–ADV’s and FSGCO’s expenses, including through the waiver of certain advisory fees payable by FSGCO, and make additional support payments, significant portions of FSGCO–ADV’s and FSGCO’s distributions would have come from offering proceeds or borrowings. The repayment of any amounts owed to FS Investments will reduce the future distributions to which shareholders would otherwise be entitled.Even if FSGCO does eventually list its shares, shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to NAV, and this creates a risk of loss for investors who purchase shares at the offering price. This risk is separate and distinct from the risk that FSGCO–ADV’s NAV will decrease.FSGCO’s investments in securities and other obligations of companies that are experiencing distress involve a substantial degree of risk, require a high level of analytical sophistication for successful investment and require active monitoring.FSGCO’s investments in various types of debt securities and instruments may be secured, unsecured, rated or unrated, are subject to non-payment risk, and may be speculative in nature. Below investment grade instruments (commonly referred to as “high yield” securities or “junk bonds”) may be particularly susceptible to economic downturns, which could cause losses. FSGCO may invest in illiquid and restricted securities that may be difficult to dispose of at a fair price.FSGCO’s use of leverage could result in special risks for FSGCO’s shareholders, including FSGCO–ADV, and can magnify the effect of any losses.Investments in certain securities or other instruments of non-U.S. issuers or borrowers may involve factors not typically associated with investing in the United States or other developedcountries.Securities or other instruments of non-U.S. securities may be traded in underdeveloped, inefficient and less liquid markets and may experience greater price volatility, illiquidity and changes in value.FS Global Advisor, LLC, GSO Capital Partners LP and certain of their affiliates may experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of FSGCO.FSGCO–ADV and FSGCO have limited operating histories and are subject to the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business.FSGCO seeks to achieve its investment objectives by focusing on a limited number of opportunities across the investment universe.The public offering by FSGCO–ADV is being made on a “best efforts” basis. To the extent that less than the maximum number of common shares is subscribed for, the opportunity for the allocation of FSGCO’s investments among various issuers and industries may be decreased, and the returns achieved on those investments may be reduced as a result of allocating all of FSGCO’s expenses over a smaller capital base.







To invest in FSGCO–ADV, an investor must have either (i) a net worth (not including home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $70,000 and an annual gross income of at least$70,000, or (ii) a net worth (not including home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $250,000.  Please consult the prospectus for a detailed description of the suitability standards imposed on investors.Corporate governance﻿FS Investment Solutions, LLC | 201 Rouse Boulevard | Philadelphia, PA 19112877-372-9880 | Member FINRA/SIPC








Related content









Perspective on current market trends
Week in review






Fund commentary
Read the latest FSGCO quarterly commentary



Fund News


6/8/2016
Franklin Square Launches New Feeder Fund to Access Its Global Credit Strategy



1/14/2014
ThinkAdvisor: New Franklin Square Fund Will Be Lender of Choice for Euro Corporates



12/3/2013
Franklin Square Capital Partners Launches New Global Credit Alternative















If you want to learn more, contact us at: Support





Select your role

Financial advisor
Registered investment advisor
Individual investor
Other












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















  FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, et al.; Notice of Application, 57636-57639 [2016-20059]  :: Securities And Exchange Commission :: Agencies And Commissions :: Regulation Tracker :: Justia









































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing









FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, et al.; Notice of Application, 57636-57639 [2016-20059]Download as PDF


57636

Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 163 / Tuesday, August 23, 2016 / Notices

make other clarifications to the timing
of settlement and provision of related
delivery margin, as well as update
related documentation requirements.
ICE Clear Europe is not otherwise
changing its financial resources, risk
management, systems and operational
arrangements that support clearing of
these contracts (and address physical
delivery under these contracts). In ICE
Clear Europe’s view, these changes will
enhance its settlement procedures
generally, and thus promote the prompt
and accurate settlement of UK OCM
Natural Gas Spot Contracts and
European Emissions Contracts, within
the meaning of Section 17A(b)(3)(F) of
the Act.8

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

B. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement on Burden on Competition
ICE Clear Europe does not believe the
proposed procedure changes would
have any impact, or impose any burden,
on competition not necessary or
appropriate in furtherance of the
purpose of the Act. As discussed herein,
the amendments would make certain
clarifications and enhancements to the
settlement procedures for the UK OCM
Natural Gas Spot Contracts and
European Emissions Contracts. These
changes will apply equally to all
clearing members (and other market
participants) trading or clearing these
products. ICE Clear Europe does not
believe that these changes would
adversely affect access to clearing for
clearing members or their customers or
other market participants, or materially
and adversely affect the cost of clearing
for market participants. Similarly, ICE
Clear Europe does not believe the
proposed change would otherwise
adversely affect competition among
clearing members or for clearing
services generally. To the extent that the
changes in the settlement cycle may
impose certain additional costs on
market participants, ICE Clear Europe
believes that such costs are warranted in
light of the benefits to market
participants, and the overall clearing
framework, of a shorter settlement cycle.
Accordingly, ICE Clear Europe is of the
view that any impact on competition is
appropriate in furtherance of the
purpose of the Act.
C. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement on Comments on the
Proposed Rule Change Received From
Members, Participants or Others
Written comments relating to the
proposed changes to the rules have not
been solicited or received. ICE Clear
Europe will notify the Commission of

any written comments received by ICE
Clear Europe.
III. Date of Effectiveness of the
Proposed Rule Change and Timing for
Commission Action
The foregoing rule change has become
effective upon filing pursuant to Section
19(b)(3)(A) of the Act 9 and Rule 19b–
4(f)(4)(ii) 10 thereunder because it effects
a change in an existing service of a
registered clearing agency that primarily
affects the clearing operations of the
clearing agency with respect to products
that are not securities, including futures
that are not security futures, swaps that
are not security-based swaps or mixed
swaps, and forwards that are not
security forwards, and does not
significantly affect any securities
clearing operations of the clearing
agency or any rights or obligations of the
clearing agency with respect to
securities clearing or persons using such
securities-clearing service. At any time
within 60 days of the filing of the
proposed rule change, the Commission
summarily may temporarily suspend
such rule change if it appears to the
Commission that such action is
necessary or appropriate in the public
interest, for the protection of investors,
or otherwise in furtherance of the
purposes of the Act.
IV. Solicitation of Comments
Interested persons are invited to
submit written data, views, and
arguments concerning the foregoing,
including whether the proposed rule
change is consistent with the Act.
Comments may be submitted by any of
the following methods:

For the Commission, by the Division of
Trading and Markets, pursuant to delegated
authority.11
Brent J. Fields,
Secretary.

Electronic Comments
• Use the Commission’s Internet
comment form (http://www.sec.gov/
rules/sro.shtml) or
• Send an email to rule-comments@
sec.gov. Please include File Number SR–
ICEEU–2016–009 on the subject line.

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Paper Comments
• Send paper comments in triplicate
to Secretary, Securities and Exchange
Commission, 100 F Street NE.,
Washington, DC 20549–1090.
All submissions should refer to File
Number SR–ICEEU–2016–009. This file
number should be included on the
subject line if email is used. To help the
Commission process and review your
comments more efficiently, please use
only one method. The Commission will
post all comments on the Commission’s
Internet Web site (http://www.sec.gov/

August 17, 2016.

9 15
8 15

U.S.C. 78q–1(b)(3)(F).

VerDate Sep<11>2014

18:56 Aug 22, 2016

U.S.C. 78s(b)(3)(A).
CFR 240.19b–4(f)(4)(ii).

10 17

Jkt 238001

rules/sro.shtml). Copies of the
submission, all subsequent
amendments, all written statements
with respect to the proposed rule
change that are filed with the
Commission, and all written
communications relating to the
proposed rule change between the
Commission and any person, other than
those that may be withheld from the
public in accordance with the
provisions of 5 U.S.C. 552, will be
available for Web site viewing and
printing in the Commission’s Public
Reference Room, 100 F Street NE.,
Washington, DC 20549, on official
business days between the hours of
10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. Copies of such
filings will also be available for
inspection and copying at the principal
office of ICE Clear Europe and on ICE
Clear Europe’s Web site at https://
www.theice.com/clear-europe/
regulation#rule-filings.
All comments received will be posted
without change; the Commission does
not edit personal identifying
information from submissions. You
should submit only information that
you wish to make available publicly. All
submissions should refer to File
Number SR–ICEEU–2016–009 and
should be submitted on or before
September 13, 2016.

PO 00000

Frm 00078

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

[FR Doc. 2016–20064 Filed 8–22–16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011–01–P

[Investment Company Act Release No.
32221; 812–14567]

FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund,
et al.; Notice of Application
Securities and Exchange
Commission (‘‘Commission’’).
ACTION: Notice of an application under
section 6(c) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940 (the ‘‘Act’’) for an
exemption from sections 18(c) and 18(i)
of the Act and for an order pursuant to
section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d–
1 under the Act.
AGENCY:

Applicants
request an order to permit certain
registered closed-end management
investment companies to issue multiple

SUMMARY OF APPLICATION:

11 17

E:\FR\FM\23AUN1.SGM

CFR 200.30–3(a)(12).

23AUN1

Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 163 / Tuesday, August 23, 2016 / Notices

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

classes of shares (‘‘Shares’’) with sales
loads and/or asset-based distribution
and/or service fees and contingent
deferred sales loads (‘‘CDSCs’’).
APPLICANTS: FS Global Credit
Opportunities Fund (the ‘‘Master
Fund’’), FS Global Credit Opportunities
Fund–ADV (‘‘FSGCO–ADV’’) and FS
Global Advisor, LLC (the ‘‘Adviser’’).
FILING DATES: The application was filed
on October 16, 2015, and amended on
February 18, 2016, June 3, 2016 and
August 4, 2016.
HEARING OR NOTIFICATION OF HEARING: An
order granting the requested relief will
be issued unless the Commission orders
a hearing. Interested persons may
request a hearing by writing to the
Commission’s Secretary and serving
applicants with a copy of the request,
personally or by mail. Hearing requests
should be received by the Commission
by 5:30 p.m. on September 9, 2016, and
should be accompanied by proof of
service on applicants, in the form of an
affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of
service. Pursuant to rule 0–5 under the
Act, hearing requests should state the
nature of the writer’s interest, any facts
bearing upon the desirability of a
hearing on the matter, the reason for the
request, and the issues contested.
Persons who wish to be notified of a
hearing may request notification by
writing to the Commission’s Secretary.
ADDRESSES: Secretary, U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street
NE., Washington, DC 20549–1090;
Applicants, 201 Rouse Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19112.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Barbara T. Heussler, Senior Counsel, at
(202) 551–6990 or Mary Kay Frech,
Branch Chief, at (202) 551–6821
(Division of Investment Management,
Chief Counsel’s Office).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The
following is a summary of the
application. The complete application
may be obtained via the Commission’s
Web site by searching for the file
number, or for an applicant using the
Company name box, at http://
www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by
calling (202) 551–8090.
Applicants’ Representations
1. FSGCO–ADV and the Master Fund
are non-diversified closed-end
management investment companies
registered under the Act and organized
as Delaware statutory trusts.1 FSGCO–
1 The Master Fund currently serves as the master
fund in a master-feeder structure operating in
accordance with section 12(d)(1)(E) of the Act. The
Master Fund will not issue multiple classes of its
shares and is an applicant because of the masterfeeder structure.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

18:56 Aug 22, 2016

Jkt 238001

ADV invests substantially all of its
assets in shares of the Master Fund. The
Master Fund’s primary investment
objective is to generate an attractive
total return consisting of a high level of
current income and capital
appreciation, with a secondary objective
of capital preservation. The Master
Fund primarily invests in a portfolio of
secured and unsecured floating and
fixed rate loans, bonds and other types
of credit instruments.
2. The Adviser, a Delaware limited
liability company, is registered with the
Commission as an investment adviser
under the Investment Advisers Act of
1940 and serves as investment adviser
to the Master Fund.
3. FSGCO–ADV’s Shares 2 are
currently offered in a continuous public
offering pursuant to a registration
statement under the Securities Act of
1933 and the Act. FSGCO–ADV’s Shares
are not offered or traded in a secondary
market and are not listed on any
securities exchange or quoted on any
quotation medium. Applicants do not
expect that a secondary market will
develop for the Shares.
4. FSGCO–ADV currently has
outstanding a single class of Shares.
FSGCO–ADV accepts subscriptions for
Shares on a continuous basis and issues
Shares at weekly closings at its thencurrent net asset value per Share
without a sales load, but Shares are
subject to an annual distribution fee of
0.67% of net asset value and a CDSC of
up to 2.0% of the aggregate net asset
value of a Shareholder’s Shares
repurchased by the Fund if Shares are
tendered for repurchase within three
years. The Fund proposes to offer
multiple classes of Shares that would be
offered at net asset value and may also
charge front-end sales loads, CDSCs,
and/or annual asset-based service and/
or distribution fees. Each class of Shares
of any Fund would comply with the
provisions of rule 12b-1 under the Act
or any successor thereto or replacement
rule, as if that rule applied to closed-end
management investment companies,
and with the provisions of rule 2830(d)
of the Conduct Rules of the National
Association of Securities Dealers Inc., or
any successor thereto or replacement
rule (‘‘NASD Conduct Rule 2830’’),3 as
if that rule applied to the Funds.
2 The term ‘‘Shares’’ includes any other
equivalent designation of a proportionate
ownership interest (such as interests or units) in the
Funds (as defined below). The holders of Shares are
referred to as ‘‘Shareholders’’.
3 All references to NASD Conduct Rule 2830
include any successor or replacement rule that may
be adopted by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (‘‘FINRA’’).

PO 00000

Frm 00079

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

57637

5. Applicants request that the order
also apply to any other continuously
offered registered closed-end
management investment company,
existing now or in the future, for which
the Adviser or any entity controlling,
controlled by, or under common control
with the Adviser acts as investment
adviser, and which either (a) provides
periodic liquidity with respect to its
Shares pursuant to rule 13e–4 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘‘1934
Act’’) or (b) operates as an ‘‘interval
fund’’ pursuant to rule 23c–3 under the
Act (each, a ‘‘Future Fund’’ and,
together with FSGCO–ADV, the
‘‘Funds’’).4
6. In order to provide Shareholders
with a limited degree of liquidity,
FSGCO–ADV may from time to time
offer to repurchase Shares at their then
current net asset value in accordance
with the requirements of rule 13e–4
under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2)
of the Act.5 FSGCO–ADV may
repurchase Shares on such terms as may
be determined by its Board 6 in its
complete and absolute discretion
unless, in the judgment of the majority
of the directors or trustees who are not
‘‘interested persons’’ of such Fund
within the meaning of section 2(a)(19) of
the Act, such repurchases would not be
in the best interests of its Shareholders
or would violate applicable law.7
FSGCO–ADV will offer to repurchase
Shares at a price equal to the net asset
4 Any Fund relying on this relief will do so in a
manner consistent with the terms and conditions of
the application. Applicants represent that each
entity presently intending to rely on the order
requested in the application is listed as an
applicant.
5 To date, the Master Fund has not conducted
repurchase offers for its shares. To the extent the
Master Fund is required in the future to conduct
repurchase offers for its shares in order to allow
FSGCO–ADV to satisfy repurchase requests under
its Share repurchase program, it will do so in
accordance with the requirements of rule 13e–4
under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2) of the Act.
6 The boards of trustees or similar governing body
of each Fund is referred to herein as a ‘‘Board’’.
7 The Funds may subject Shares to an ‘‘early
withdrawal charge’’ (a ‘‘Repurchase Fee’’) at a rate
of up to 2.00% of the aggregate net asset value of
a Shareholder’s Shares repurchased by the Fund if
the interval between the date of the Shareholder’s
purchase of Shares and the date on which the
applicable Fund repurchases such Shares is less
than one year. Any Repurchase Fee will apply
equally to all Shareholders of the applicable Fund,
regardless of the class of Shares held by such
Shareholders, consistent with section 18 of the Act
and rule 18f–3 thereunder. To the extent a Fund
determines to waive, impose scheduled variations
of or eliminate the Repurchase Fee, the Fund will
comply with the requirements of rule 22d–1 under
the Act as if the Repurchase Fee were a CDSC and
as if the Fund were an open-end investment
company. The Fund’s waiver, scheduled variation
or elimination of the Repurchase Fee will apply
uniformly to all Shareholders of the Fund,
regardless of the class of Shares held by such
Shareholders.

E:\FR\FM\23AUN1.SGM

23AUN1

57638

Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 163 / Tuesday, August 23, 2016 / Notices

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

value per Share in effect on each date
of repurchase. The applicants anticipate
that any Future Funds will offer to
repurchase Shares on a quarterly basis.
7. Applicants represent that any assetbased service and/or distribution fees
will comply with the provisions of
NASD Conduct Rule 2830. Applicants
also represent that each Fund will
disclose in its prospectus the fees,
expenses and other characteristics of
each class of Shares offered for sale by
the prospectus as is required for openend multiple class funds under Form N–
1A. As if they were open-end
investment companies, the Funds will
disclose fund expenses borne by holders
of each class of Shares during the
reporting period in Shareholder reports
and describe in their prospectuses any
arrangements that result in breakpoints
in, or elimination of, sales loads.8 Each
Fund will also comply with any
requirements that may be adopted by
the Commission or FINRA regarding
disclosure at the point of sale and in
transaction confirmations about the
costs and conflicts of interest arising out
of the distribution of open-end
investment company shares, and
regarding prospectus disclosure of sales
loads and revenue sharing arrangements
as if those requirements applied to the
Funds.9
8. All expenses incurred by a Fund
will be allocated among its various
classes of Shares based on the respective
net assets of such Fund attributable to
each class of Shares, except that the net
asset value and expenses of each class
of Shares will reflect the expenses
associated asset-based service and/or
distribution fees, Shareholder service
fees, and any other incremental
expenses of that class of Shares.
Expenses of a Fund allocated to a
particular class of Shares will be borne
on a pro rata basis by each outstanding
Share of that class. Applicants state that
each Fund will comply with the
provisions of rule 18f–3 under the Act
as if it were an open-end investment
company.
8 See Shareholder Reports and Quarterly Portfolio
Disclosure of Registered Management Investment
Companies, Investment Company Act Release No.
26372 (Feb. 27, 2004) (adopting release) (requiring
open-end investment companies to disclose fund
expenses in shareholder reports); and Disclosure of
Breakpoint Discounts by Mutual Funds, Investment
Company Act Release No. 26464 (June 7, 2004)
(adopting release) (requiring open-end investment
companies to provide prospectus disclosure of
certain sales load information).
9 See Confirmation Requirements and Point of
Sale Disclosure Requirements for Transactions in
Certain Mutual Funds and Other Securities, and
Other Confirmation Requirement Amendments, and
Amendments to the Registration Form for Mutual
Funds, Investment Company Act Release No. 26341
(Jan. 29, 2004) (proposing release).

VerDate Sep<11>2014

18:56 Aug 22, 2016

Jkt 238001

9. If the Funds offer an exchange
privilege or conversion feature on
certain future classes of Shares, any
such privilege or feature introduced in
the future will comply with rule 11a–1,
rule 11a–3 and rule 18f–3 under the Act
as if the Fund were an open-end
investment company.
10. If the requested relief is granted,
FSGCO–ADV, and any other Fund that
imposes a CDSC, will comply with rule
6c–10 as if that rule applied to closedend management investment
companies. Applicants further state that
any Fund that imposes a CDSC will
apply the CDSC (and any waivers or
scheduled variations of the CDSC)
uniformly to all Shareholders in a given
class and consistently with the
requirements of rule 22d–1 under the
Act.
Applicants’ Legal Analysis
Multiple Classes of Shares
1. Section 18(c) of the Act provides,
in relevant part, that a closed-end
investment company may not issue or
sell any senior security if, immediately
thereafter, the company has outstanding
more than one class of senior security.
Applicants state that the creation of
multiple classes of Shares of a Fund
may be prohibited by section 18(c) of
the Act.
2. Section 18(i) of the Act provides
that each share of stock issued by a
registered management investment
company will be a voting stock and
have equal voting rights with every
other outstanding voting stock.
Applicants state that permitting
multiple classes of Shares of a Fund
may violate section 18(i) of the Act
because each class would be entitled to
exclusive voting rights with respect to
matters solely related to that class of
Shares.
3. Section 6(c) of the Act provides that
the Commission may exempt any
person, security or transaction or any
class or classes of persons, securities or
transactions from any provision of the
Act, or from any rule under the Act, if
and to the extent such exemption is
necessary or appropriate in the public
interest and consistent with the
protection of investors and the purposes
fairly intended by the policy and
provisions of the Act. Applicants
request an exemption under section 6(c)
from sections 18(c) and 18(i) to permit
the Funds to issue multiple classes of
Shares.
4. Applicants believe that the
proposed allocation of expenses relating
to distribution and voting rights is
equitable and will not discriminate
against any group or class of

PO 00000

Frm 00080

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

Shareholders. Applicants submit that
the proposed arrangements would
permit the Funds to facilitate the
distribution of Shares through diverse
distribution channels and provide
investors with a broader choice of fee
options. Applicants assert that the
proposed closed-end investment
company multiple class structure does
not raise the concerns underlying
section 18 of the Act to any greater
degree than open-end investment
companies’ multiple class structures
that are permitted by rule 18f–3 under
the Act. Applicants state that each Fund
will comply with the provisions of rule
18f–3 as if it were an open-end
investment company.
CDSCs
5. Rule 6c–10 under the Act permits
open-end investment companies to
impose CDSCs, subject to certain
conditions. FSGCO–ADV currently
imposes a CDSC. If the requested relief
is granted, FSGCO–ADV, and any other
Fund that imposes a CDSC, will comply
with rule 6c–10 as if that rule applied
to closed-end management investment
companies and will make all required
disclosures in accordance with the
requirements of Form N–1A concerning
CDSCs. Applicants further state that any
Fund that imposes a CDSC will apply
the CDSC (and any waivers or
scheduled variations of the CDSC)
uniformly to all Shareholders in a given
class and consistently with the
requirements of rule 22d–1 under the
Act.
Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution
Fees
6. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule
17d–1 under the Act prohibit an
affiliated person of a registered
investment company or an affiliated
person of such person, acting as
principal, from participating in or
effecting any transaction in connection
with any joint enterprise or joint
arrangement in which the investment
company participates unless the
Commission issues an order permitting
the transaction. In reviewing
applications submitted under section
17(d) and rule 17d–1, the Commission
considers whether the participation of
the investment company in a joint
enterprise or joint arrangement is
consistent with the provisions, policies
and purposes of the Act, and the extent
to which the participation is on a basis
different from or less advantageous than
that of other participants.
7. Rule 17d–3 under the Act provides
an exemption from section 17(d) and
rule 17d–1 to permit open-end
investment companies to enter into

E:\FR\FM\23AUN1.SGM

23AUN1

Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 163 / Tuesday, August 23, 2016 / Notices
distribution arrangements pursuant to
rule 12b–1 under the Act. Applicants
request an order under section 17(d) and
rule 17d–1 under the Act to permit the
Funds to impose asset-based service
and/or distribution fees. Applicants
have agreed to comply with rules 12b–
1 and 17d–3 as if those rules applied to
closed-end investment companies.
8. For the reasons stated above,
applicants submit that the exemptions
requested under section 6(c) are
necessary and appropriate in the public
interest and are consistent with the
protection of investors and the purposes
fairly intended by the policy and
provisions of the Act. Applicants also
believe that the requested relief meets
the standards for relief in section 17(d)
of the Act and rule 17d–1 thereunder.
Applicants’ Condition
Applicants agree that any order
granting the requested relief will be
subject to the following condition:
Each applicant will comply with the
provisions of rules 6c–10, 12b–1, 17d–
3, 18f–3, 22d–1 and, where applicable,
11a–3 under the Act, as amended from
time to time, or any successor rules
thereto, as if those rules applied to
closed-end management investment
companies, and will comply with NASD
Conduct Rule 2830, as amended from
time to time, as if that rule applied to
all closed-end management investment
companies.
For the Commission, by the Division of
Investment Management, under delegated
authority.
Brent J. Fields,
Secretary.
BILLING CODE 8011–01–P

[Release No. 34–78602; File No. SR–
NYSEMKT–2016–76]

Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE
MKT LLC; Notice of Filing and
Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed
Rule Change Extending the Pilot
Period for the Exchange’s Retail
Liquidity Program

sradovich on DSK3GMQ082PROD with NOTICES

August 17, 2016.

Pursuant to Section 19(b)(1) 1 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
‘‘Act’’) 2 and Rule 19b–4 thereunder,3
notice is hereby given that on August 8,
2016, NYSE MKT LLC (the ‘‘Exchange’’
or ‘‘NYSE MKT’’) filed with the
U.S.C.78s(b)(1).
U.S.C. 78a.
3 17 CFR 240.19b–4.

VerDate Sep<11>2014

18:56 Aug 22, 2016

Jkt 238001

II. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Purpose of, and
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule
Change
In its filing with the Commission, the
self-regulatory organization included
statements concerning the purpose of,
and basis for, the proposed rule change
and discussed any comments it received
on the proposed rule change. The text
of those statements may be examined at
the places specified in Item IV below.
The Exchange has prepared summaries,
set forth in sections A, B, and C below,
of the most significant parts of such
statements.

1. Purpose
The purpose of this filing is to extend
the pilot period of the Retail Liquidity
Program, currently scheduled to expire
on August 31, 2016,4 until December 31,
2016.

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

2 15

I. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Terms of Substance of
the Proposed Rule Change
The Exchange proposes to extend the
pilot period for the Exchange’s Retail
Liquidity Program (the ‘‘Retail Liquidity
Program’’ or the ‘‘Program’’), which is
currently scheduled to expire on August
31, 2016, until December 31, 2016. The
proposed rule change is available on the
Exchange’s Web site at www.nyse.com,
at the principal office of the Exchange,
and at the Commission’s Public
Reference Room.

A. Self-Regulatory Organization’s
Statement of the Purpose of, and the
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule
Change

[FR Doc. 2016–20059 Filed 8–22–16; 8:45 am]

1 15

Securities and Exchange Commission
(the ‘‘Commission’’) the proposed rule
change as described in Items I and II,
below, which Items have been prepared
by the self-regulatory organization. The
Commission is publishing this notice to
solicit comments on the proposed rule
change from interested persons.

Background
In July 2012, the Commission
approved the Retail Liquidity Program
on a pilot basis.5 The Program is
designed to attract retail order flow to
the Exchange, and allows such order
flow to receive potential price
improvement. The Program is currently
limited to trades occurring at prices
equal to or greater than $1.00 per share.
Under the Program, Retail Liquidity
4 See Securities Exchange Act Release Nos. 77424
(March 23, 2016), 81 FR 17522 (March 29, 2016)
(SR–NYSEMKT–2016–39).
5 See Securities Exchange Act Release No. 67347
(July 3, 2012), 77 FR 40673 (July 10, 2012) (‘‘RLP
Approval Order’’) (SR–NYSEAmex–2011–84).

PO 00000

Frm 00081

Fmt 4703

Sfmt 4703

57639

Providers (‘‘RLPs’’) are able to provide
potential price improvement in the form
of a non-displayed order that is priced
better than the Exchange’s best
protected bid or offer (‘‘PBBO’’), called
a Retail Price Improvement Order
(‘‘RPI’’). When there is an RPI in a
particular security, the Exchange
disseminates an indicator, known as the
Retail Liquidity Identifier, indicating
that such interest exists. Retail Member
Organizations (‘‘RMOs’’) can submit a
Retail Order to the Exchange, which
would interact, to the extent possible,
with available contra-side RPIs.
The Retail Liquidity Program was
approved by the Commission on a pilot
basis. Pursuant to NYSE MKT Rule
107C(m)—Equities, the pilot period for
the Program is scheduled to end on
August 31, 2016.
Proposal To Extend the Operation of the
Program
The Exchange established the Retail
Liquidity Program in an attempt to
attract retail order flow to the Exchange
by potentially providing price
improvement to such order flow. The
Exchange believes that the Program
promotes competition for retail order
flow by allowing Exchange members to
submit RPIs to interact with Retail
Orders. Such competition has the ability
to promote efficiency by facilitating the
price discovery process and generating
additional investor interest in trading
securities, thereby promoting capital
formation. The Exchange believes that
extending the pilot is appropriate
because it will allow the Exchange and
the Commission additional time to
analyze data regarding the Program that
the Exchange has committed to
provide.6 As such, the Exchange
believes that it is appropriate to extend
the current operation of the Program.7
Through this filing, the Exchange seeks
to amend NYSE MKT Rule 107C(m)—
Equities and extend the current pilot
period of the Program until December
31, 2016.
2. Statutory Basis
The proposed rule change is
consistent with Section 6(b) of the Act,8
in general, and furthers the objectives of
6 See

id. at 40681.
with this filing, the Exchange has
submitted a request for an extension of the
exemption under Regulation NMS Rule 612
previously granted by the Commission that permits
it to accept and rank the undisplayed RPIs. See
Letter from Martha Redding, Asst. Corporate
Secretary, NYSE Group, Inc. to Brent J. Fields,
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission,
dated August 8, 2016.
8 15 U.S.C. 78f(b).
7 Concurrently

E:\FR\FM\23AUN1.SGM

23AUN1


Agencies

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
[Federal Register Volume 81, Number 163 (Tuesday, August 23, 2016)]
[Notices]
[Pages 57636-57639]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2016-20059]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

[Investment Company Act Release No. 32221; 812-14567]


FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, et al.; Notice of 
Application

August 17, 2016.
AGENCY: Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'').

ACTION: Notice of an application under section 6(c) of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 (the ``Act'') for an exemption from sections 18(c) 
and 18(i) of the Act and for an order pursuant to section 17(d) of the 
Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY OF APPLICATION: Applicants request an order to permit certain 
registered closed-end management investment companies to issue multiple

[[Page 57637]]

classes of shares (``Shares'') with sales loads and/or asset-based 
distribution and/or service fees and contingent deferred sales loads 
(``CDSCs'').

APPLICANTS: FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund (the ``Master Fund''), 
FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-ADV (``FSGCO-ADV'') and FS Global 
Advisor, LLC (the ``Adviser'').

FILING DATES: The application was filed on October 16, 2015, and 
amended on February 18, 2016, June 3, 2016 and August 4, 2016.

HEARING OR NOTIFICATION OF HEARING: An order granting the requested 
relief will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. 
Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's 
Secretary and serving applicants with a copy of the request, personally 
or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 
5:30 p.m. on September 9, 2016, and should be accompanied by proof of 
service on applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a 
certificate of service. Pursuant to rule 0-5 under the Act, hearing 
requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, any facts 
bearing upon the desirability of a hearing on the matter, the reason 
for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be 
notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the 
Commission's Secretary.

ADDRESSES: Secretary, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F 
Street NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090; Applicants, 201 Rouse Boulevard, 
Philadelphia, PA 19112.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Barbara T. Heussler, Senior Counsel, 
at (202) 551-6990 or Mary Kay Frech, Branch Chief, at (202) 551-6821 
(Division of Investment Management, Chief Counsel's Office).

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The following is a summary of the 
application. The complete application may be obtained via the 
Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or for an 
applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.

Applicants' Representations

    1. FSGCO-ADV and the Master Fund are non-diversified closed-end 
management investment companies registered under the Act and organized 
as Delaware statutory trusts.\1\ FSGCO-ADV invests substantially all of 
its assets in shares of the Master Fund. The Master Fund's primary 
investment objective is to generate an attractive total return 
consisting of a high level of current income and capital appreciation, 
with a secondary objective of capital preservation. The Master Fund 
primarily invests in a portfolio of secured and unsecured floating and 
fixed rate loans, bonds and other types of credit instruments.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \1\ The Master Fund currently serves as the master fund in a 
master-feeder structure operating in accordance with section 
12(d)(1)(E) of the Act. The Master Fund will not issue multiple 
classes of its shares and is an applicant because of the master-
feeder structure.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    2. The Adviser, a Delaware limited liability company, is registered 
with the Commission as an investment adviser under the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940 and serves as investment adviser to the Master 
Fund.
    3. FSGCO-ADV's Shares \2\ are currently offered in a continuous 
public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the 
Securities Act of 1933 and the Act. FSGCO-ADV's Shares are not offered 
or traded in a secondary market and are not listed on any securities 
exchange or quoted on any quotation medium. Applicants do not expect 
that a secondary market will develop for the Shares.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \2\ The term ``Shares'' includes any other equivalent 
designation of a proportionate ownership interest (such as interests 
or units) in the Funds (as defined below). The holders of Shares are 
referred to as ``Shareholders''.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    4. FSGCO-ADV currently has outstanding a single class of Shares. 
FSGCO-ADV accepts subscriptions for Shares on a continuous basis and 
issues Shares at weekly closings at its then-current net asset value 
per Share without a sales load, but Shares are subject to an annual 
distribution fee of 0.67% of net asset value and a CDSC of up to 2.0% 
of the aggregate net asset value of a Shareholder's Shares repurchased 
by the Fund if Shares are tendered for repurchase within three years. 
The Fund proposes to offer multiple classes of Shares that would be 
offered at net asset value and may also charge front-end sales loads, 
CDSCs, and/or annual asset-based service and/or distribution fees. Each 
class of Shares of any Fund would comply with the provisions of rule 
12b-1 under the Act or any successor thereto or replacement rule, as if 
that rule applied to closed-end management investment companies, and 
with the provisions of rule 2830(d) of the Conduct Rules of the 
National Association of Securities Dealers Inc., or any successor 
thereto or replacement rule (``NASD Conduct Rule 2830''),\3\ as if that 
rule applied to the Funds.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \3\ All references to NASD Conduct Rule 2830 include any 
successor or replacement rule that may be adopted by the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority (``FINRA'').
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    5. Applicants request that the order also apply to any other 
continuously offered registered closed-end management investment 
company, existing now or in the future, for which the Adviser or any 
entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the 
Adviser acts as investment adviser, and which either (a) provides 
periodic liquidity with respect to its Shares pursuant to rule 13e-4 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (``1934 Act'') or (b) 
operates as an ``interval fund'' pursuant to rule 23c-3 under the Act 
(each, a ``Future Fund'' and, together with FSGCO-ADV, the 
``Funds'').\4\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \4\ Any Fund relying on this relief will do so in a manner 
consistent with the terms and conditions of the application. 
Applicants represent that each entity presently intending to rely on 
the order requested in the application is listed as an applicant.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    6. In order to provide Shareholders with a limited degree of 
liquidity, FSGCO-ADV may from time to time offer to repurchase Shares 
at their then current net asset value in accordance with the 
requirements of rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2) of 
the Act.\5\ FSGCO-ADV may repurchase Shares on such terms as may be 
determined by its Board \6\ in its complete and absolute discretion 
unless, in the judgment of the majority of the directors or trustees 
who are not ``interested persons'' of such Fund within the meaning of 
section 2(a)(19) of the Act, such repurchases would not be in the best 
interests of its Shareholders or would violate applicable law.\7\ 
FSGCO-ADV will offer to repurchase Shares at a price equal to the net 
asset

[[Page 57638]]

value per Share in effect on each date of repurchase. The applicants 
anticipate that any Future Funds will offer to repurchase Shares on a 
quarterly basis.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \5\ To date, the Master Fund has not conducted repurchase offers 
for its shares. To the extent the Master Fund is required in the 
future to conduct repurchase offers for its shares in order to allow 
FSGCO-ADV to satisfy repurchase requests under its Share repurchase 
program, it will do so in accordance with the requirements of rule 
13e-4 under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2) of the Act.
    \6\ The boards of trustees or similar governing body of each 
Fund is referred to herein as a ``Board''.
    \7\ The Funds may subject Shares to an ``early withdrawal 
charge'' (a ``Repurchase Fee'') at a rate of up to 2.00% of the 
aggregate net asset value of a Shareholder's Shares repurchased by 
the Fund if the interval between the date of the Shareholder's 
purchase of Shares and the date on which the applicable Fund 
repurchases such Shares is less than one year. Any Repurchase Fee 
will apply equally to all Shareholders of the applicable Fund, 
regardless of the class of Shares held by such Shareholders, 
consistent with section 18 of the Act and rule 18f-3 thereunder. To 
the extent a Fund determines to waive, impose scheduled variations 
of or eliminate the Repurchase Fee, the Fund will comply with the 
requirements of rule 22d-1 under the Act as if the Repurchase Fee 
were a CDSC and as if the Fund were an open-end investment company. 
The Fund's waiver, scheduled variation or elimination of the 
Repurchase Fee will apply uniformly to all Shareholders of the Fund, 
regardless of the class of Shares held by such Shareholders.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    7. Applicants represent that any asset-based service and/or 
distribution fees will comply with the provisions of NASD Conduct Rule 
2830. Applicants also represent that each Fund will disclose in its 
prospectus the fees, expenses and other characteristics of each class 
of Shares offered for sale by the prospectus as is required for open-
end multiple class funds under Form N-1A. As if they were open-end 
investment companies, the Funds will disclose fund expenses borne by 
holders of each class of Shares during the reporting period in 
Shareholder reports and describe in their prospectuses any arrangements 
that result in breakpoints in, or elimination of, sales loads.\8\ Each 
Fund will also comply with any requirements that may be adopted by the 
Commission or FINRA regarding disclosure at the point of sale and in 
transaction confirmations about the costs and conflicts of interest 
arising out of the distribution of open-end investment company shares, 
and regarding prospectus disclosure of sales loads and revenue sharing 
arrangements as if those requirements applied to the Funds.\9\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \8\ See Shareholder Reports and Quarterly Portfolio Disclosure 
of Registered Management Investment Companies, Investment Company 
Act Release No. 26372 (Feb. 27, 2004) (adopting release) (requiring 
open-end investment companies to disclose fund expenses in 
shareholder reports); and Disclosure of Breakpoint Discounts by 
Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Release No. 26464 (June 7, 
2004) (adopting release) (requiring open-end investment companies to 
provide prospectus disclosure of certain sales load information).
    \9\ See Confirmation Requirements and Point of Sale Disclosure 
Requirements for Transactions in Certain Mutual Funds and Other 
Securities, and Other Confirmation Requirement Amendments, and 
Amendments to the Registration Form for Mutual Funds, Investment 
Company Act Release No. 26341 (Jan. 29, 2004) (proposing release).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    8. All expenses incurred by a Fund will be allocated among its 
various classes of Shares based on the respective net assets of such 
Fund attributable to each class of Shares, except that the net asset 
value and expenses of each class of Shares will reflect the expenses 
associated asset-based service and/or distribution fees, Shareholder 
service fees, and any other incremental expenses of that class of 
Shares. Expenses of a Fund allocated to a particular class of Shares 
will be borne on a pro rata basis by each outstanding Share of that 
class. Applicants state that each Fund will comply with the provisions 
of rule 18f-3 under the Act as if it were an open-end investment 
company.
    9. If the Funds offer an exchange privilege or conversion feature 
on certain future classes of Shares, any such privilege or feature 
introduced in the future will comply with rule 11a-1, rule 11a-3 and 
rule 18f-3 under the Act as if the Fund were an open-end investment 
company.
    10. If the requested relief is granted, FSGCO-ADV, and any other 
Fund that imposes a CDSC, will comply with rule 6c-10 as if that rule 
applied to closed-end management investment companies. Applicants 
further state that any Fund that imposes a CDSC will apply the CDSC 
(and any waivers or scheduled variations of the CDSC) uniformly to all 
Shareholders in a given class and consistently with the requirements of 
rule 22d-1 under the Act.

Applicants' Legal Analysis

Multiple Classes of Shares

    1. Section 18(c) of the Act provides, in relevant part, that a 
closed-end investment company may not issue or sell any senior security 
if, immediately thereafter, the company has outstanding more than one 
class of senior security. Applicants state that the creation of 
multiple classes of Shares of a Fund may be prohibited by section 18(c) 
of the Act.
    2. Section 18(i) of the Act provides that each share of stock 
issued by a registered management investment company will be a voting 
stock and have equal voting rights with every other outstanding voting 
stock. Applicants state that permitting multiple classes of Shares of a 
Fund may violate section 18(i) of the Act because each class would be 
entitled to exclusive voting rights with respect to matters solely 
related to that class of Shares.
    3. Section 6(c) of the Act provides that the Commission may exempt 
any person, security or transaction or any class or classes of persons, 
securities or transactions from any provision of the Act, or from any 
rule under the Act, if and to the extent such exemption is necessary or 
appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection 
of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and 
provisions of the Act. Applicants request an exemption under section 
6(c) from sections 18(c) and 18(i) to permit the Funds to issue 
multiple classes of Shares.
    4. Applicants believe that the proposed allocation of expenses 
relating to distribution and voting rights is equitable and will not 
discriminate against any group or class of Shareholders. Applicants 
submit that the proposed arrangements would permit the Funds to 
facilitate the distribution of Shares through diverse distribution 
channels and provide investors with a broader choice of fee options. 
Applicants assert that the proposed closed-end investment company 
multiple class structure does not raise the concerns underlying section 
18 of the Act to any greater degree than open-end investment companies' 
multiple class structures that are permitted by rule 18f-3 under the 
Act. Applicants state that each Fund will comply with the provisions of 
rule 18f-3 as if it were an open-end investment company.

CDSCs

    5. Rule 6c-10 under the Act permits open-end investment companies 
to impose CDSCs, subject to certain conditions. FSGCO-ADV currently 
imposes a CDSC. If the requested relief is granted, FSGCO-ADV, and any 
other Fund that imposes a CDSC, will comply with rule 6c-10 as if that 
rule applied to closed-end management investment companies and will 
make all required disclosures in accordance with the requirements of 
Form N-1A concerning CDSCs. Applicants further state that any Fund that 
imposes a CDSC will apply the CDSC (and any waivers or scheduled 
variations of the CDSC) uniformly to all Shareholders in a given class 
and consistently with the requirements of rule 22d-1 under the Act.

Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees

    6. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act prohibit 
an affiliated person of a registered investment company or an 
affiliated person of such person, acting as principal, from 
participating in or effecting any transaction in connection with any 
joint enterprise or joint arrangement in which the investment company 
participates unless the Commission issues an order permitting the 
transaction. In reviewing applications submitted under section 17(d) 
and rule 17d-1, the Commission considers whether the participation of 
the investment company in a joint enterprise or joint arrangement is 
consistent with the provisions, policies and purposes of the Act, and 
the extent to which the participation is on a basis different from or 
less advantageous than that of other participants.
    7. Rule 17d-3 under the Act provides an exemption from section 
17(d) and rule 17d-1 to permit open-end investment companies to enter 
into

[[Page 57639]]

distribution arrangements pursuant to rule 12b-1 under the Act. 
Applicants request an order under section 17(d) and rule 17d-1 under 
the Act to permit the Funds to impose asset-based service and/or 
distribution fees. Applicants have agreed to comply with rules 12b-1 
and 17d-3 as if those rules applied to closed-end investment companies.
    8. For the reasons stated above, applicants submit that the 
exemptions requested under section 6(c) are necessary and appropriate 
in the public interest and are consistent with the protection of 
investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions 
of the Act. Applicants also believe that the requested relief meets the 
standards for relief in section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 
thereunder.

Applicants' Condition

    Applicants agree that any order granting the requested relief will 
be subject to the following condition:
    Each applicant will comply with the provisions of rules 6c-10, 12b-
1, 17d-3, 18f-3, 22d-1 and, where applicable, 11a-3 under the Act, as 
amended from time to time, or any successor rules thereto, as if those 
rules applied to closed-end management investment companies, and will 
comply with NASD Conduct Rule 2830, as amended from time to time, as if 
that rule applied to all closed-end management investment companies.

    For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, 
under delegated authority.
Brent J. Fields,
Secretary.
[FR Doc. 2016-20059 Filed 8-22-16; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 8011-01-P 










            Find a Lawyer
          












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing






Ask a Lawyer




Question: 

 Add details

					120
				



Additional Details:  



						1000 
					


 Ask Question 







			Subscribe to Justia's 
			
				Free Newsletters
			
			featuring summaries of federal and state 
			
				court opinions. 
		

			Subscribe Now
		









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions









  1474232D Quote - FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-Adv - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-Adv   1474232D:US      Pending Listing   1474232D:US is pending listing   USD                          


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Premium/Discount   -    Average 52-Week Premium   -    Fund Managers   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   1.05%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                               

      Federal Register
       :: 
      FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, et al.; Notice of Application
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Open Meeting of the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance


                by the Treasury Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Tim Evanson






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          496
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          659
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      20
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      0
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












EQT Pittsburgh Three Rivers Regatta, Pittsburgh, PA


                by the Coast Guard
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Ben McLeod






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1516
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          309
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          930
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      41
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      7
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Refugee Biographic Data


                by the State Department
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Charles Roffey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          253
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          95
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          831
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Environmentally Sound Products


                by the Defense Department, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Leo Reynolds






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          163
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          345
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      46
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Public Company Accounting Oversight Board


                by the Securities and Exchange Commission
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                GotCredit






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          31
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          90
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      45
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicaid Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/28/2017




                photo by:
                Hey Paul Studios






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          196
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          873
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      32
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

20


16



Commerce Department

47


10



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

8


3



Energy Department

43


3



Environmental Protection Agency

44


26



Health and Human Services Department

87


20



Homeland Security Department

66


9



Housing and Urban Development Department

2


          0
        


Interior Department

22


11



Justice Department

17


5



Labor Department

12


6



State Department

4


3



Transportation Department

82


41



Treasury Department

17


12



Veterans Affairs Department

9


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

22


6



Air pollution control

10


13



Air transportation

19


11



Airspace

18


4



Aviation safety

19


18



Environmental protection

17


12



Navigation (air)

19


4



Navigation (water)

10


          0
        


Security measures

10


2



Waterways

10


          0
        











            Current Issue

              
                377 Pages
              




123 documents
    from 40 agencies

  



81 Notices


14 Proposed Rules


28 Rules


3 Significant Documents









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 02:00 PM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


5 documents
            from 3 agencies
          


1 Presidential Document


4 Rules









Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 28, 2017
        


84 documents
            from 43 agencies
          


63 Notices


1 Presidential Document


9 Proposed Rules


11 Rules














Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund, et al.; Notice of Application


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 08/23/2016











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

08/23/2016

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Dates:
The application was filed on October 16, 2015, and amended on February 18, 2016, June 3, 2016 and August 4, 2016.
Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          81 FR 57636
        
Page:

          57636-57639
          (4 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Investment Company Act Release No. 32221
812-14567
Document Number:
2016-20059

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY: 
ACTION: 
SUMMARY OF APPLICATION:
APPLICANTS: 
FILING DATES: 
HEARING OR NOTIFICATION OF HEARING: 
ADDRESSES: 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: 
Applicants' Representations
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Multiple Classes of Shares
CDSCs
Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees
Applicants' Condition
Footnotes

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2016-20059
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2016-20059






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Public Inspection



              This PDF is
              the current document as it appeared on Public Inspection on
              08/22/2016 at 08:45 am.
            

              If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you
    should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official
    edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the
    Federal Register provide legal notice to the public and judicial notice
    to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507.
    Learn more here.
            

Public Inspection 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        August 17, 2016.
        
          AGENCY: 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”).
ACTION: 
Notice of an application under section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Act”) for an exemption from sections 18(c) and 18(i) of the Act and for an order pursuant to section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act.
SUMMARY OF APPLICATION:
Applicants request an order to permit certain registered closed-end management investment companies to issue multiple Start Printed Page 57637classes of shares (“Shares”) with sales loads and/or asset-based distribution and/or service fees and contingent deferred sales loads (“CDSCs”).
APPLICANTS: 
FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund (the “Master Fund”), FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund-ADV (“FSGCO-ADV”) and FS Global Advisor, LLC (the “Adviser”).
FILING DATES: 
The application was filed on October 16, 2015, and amended on February 18, 2016, June 3, 2016 and August 4, 2016.
HEARING OR NOTIFICATION OF HEARING: 
An order granting the requested relief will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's Secretary and serving applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on September 9, 2016, and should be accompanied by proof of service on applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Pursuant to rule 0-5 under the Act, hearing requests should state the nature of the writer's interest, any facts bearing upon the desirability of a hearing on the matter, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Commission's Secretary.
ADDRESSES: 
Secretary, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090; Applicants, 201 Rouse Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19112.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: 
Barbara T. Heussler, Senior Counsel, at (202) 551-6990 or Mary Kay Frech, Branch Chief, at (202) 551-6821 (Division of Investment Management, Chief Counsel's Office).
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: 
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or for an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/​search/​search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.
Applicants' Representations
1. FSGCO-ADV and the Master Fund are non-diversified closed-end management investment companies registered under the Act and organized as Delaware statutory trusts.[1] 
           FSGCO-ADV invests substantially all of its assets in shares of the Master Fund. The Master Fund's primary investment objective is to generate an attractive total return consisting of a high level of current income and capital appreciation, with a secondary objective of capital preservation. The Master Fund primarily invests in a portfolio of secured and unsecured floating and fixed rate loans, bonds and other types of credit instruments.
2. The Adviser, a Delaware limited liability company, is registered with the Commission as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and serves as investment adviser to the Master Fund.
3. FSGCO-ADV's Shares [2] 
           are currently offered in a continuous public offering pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Act. FSGCO-ADV's Shares are not offered or traded in a secondary market and are not listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any quotation medium. Applicants do not expect that a secondary market will develop for the Shares.
4. FSGCO-ADV currently has outstanding a single class of Shares. FSGCO-ADV accepts subscriptions for Shares on a continuous basis and issues Shares at weekly closings at its then-current net asset value per Share without a sales load, but Shares are subject to an annual distribution fee of 0.67% of net asset value and a CDSC of up to 2.0% of the aggregate net asset value of a Shareholder's Shares repurchased by the Fund if Shares are tendered for repurchase within three years. The Fund proposes to offer multiple classes of Shares that would be offered at net asset value and may also charge front-end sales loads, CDSCs, and/or annual asset-based service and/or distribution fees. Each class of Shares of any Fund would comply with the provisions of rule 12b-1 under the Act or any successor thereto or replacement rule, as if that rule applied to closed-end management investment companies, and with the provisions of rule 2830(d) of the Conduct Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers Inc., or any successor thereto or replacement rule (“NASD Conduct Rule 2830”),[3] 
           as if that rule applied to the Funds.
5. Applicants request that the order also apply to any other continuously offered registered closed-end management investment company, existing now or in the future, for which the Adviser or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser acts as investment adviser, and which either (a) provides periodic liquidity with respect to its Shares pursuant to rule 13e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“1934 Act”) or (b) operates as an “interval fund” pursuant to rule 23c-3 under the Act (each, a “Future Fund” and, together with FSGCO-ADV, the “Funds”).[4] 

6. In order to provide Shareholders with a limited degree of liquidity, FSGCO-ADV may from time to time offer to repurchase Shares at their then current net asset value in accordance with the requirements of rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2) of the Act.[5] 
           FSGCO-ADV may repurchase Shares on such terms as may be determined by its Board [6] 
           in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the majority of the directors or trustees who are not “interested persons” of such Fund within the meaning of section 2(a)(19) of the Act, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of its Shareholders or would violate applicable law.[7] 

           FSGCO-ADV will offer to repurchase Shares at a price equal to the net asset Start Printed Page 57638value per Share in effect on each date of repurchase. The applicants anticipate that any Future Funds will offer to repurchase Shares on a quarterly basis.
7. Applicants represent that any asset-based service and/or distribution fees will comply with the provisions of NASD Conduct Rule 2830. Applicants also represent that each Fund will disclose in its prospectus the fees, expenses and other characteristics of each class of Shares offered for sale by the prospectus as is required for open-end multiple class funds under Form N-1A. As if they were open-end investment companies, the Funds will disclose fund expenses borne by holders of each class of Shares during the reporting period in Shareholder reports and describe in their prospectuses any arrangements that result in breakpoints in, or elimination of, sales loads.[8] 
           Each Fund will also comply with any requirements that may be adopted by the Commission or FINRA regarding disclosure at the point of sale and in transaction confirmations about the costs and conflicts of interest arising out of the distribution of open-end investment company shares, and regarding prospectus disclosure of sales loads and revenue sharing arrangements as if those requirements applied to the Funds.[9] 

8. All expenses incurred by a Fund will be allocated among its various classes of Shares based on the respective net assets of such Fund attributable to each class of Shares, except that the net asset value and expenses of each class of Shares will reflect the expenses associated asset-based service and/or distribution fees, Shareholder service fees, and any other incremental expenses of that class of Shares. Expenses of a Fund allocated to a particular class of Shares will be borne on a pro rata basis by each outstanding Share of that class. Applicants state that each Fund will comply with the provisions of rule 18f-3 under the Act as if it were an open-end investment company.
9. If the Funds offer an exchange privilege or conversion feature on certain future classes of Shares, any such privilege or feature introduced in the future will comply with rule 11a-1, rule 11a-3 and rule 18f-3 under the Act as if the Fund were an open-end investment company.
10. If the requested relief is granted, FSGCO-ADV, and any other Fund that imposes a CDSC, will comply with rule 6c-10 as if that rule applied to closed-end management investment companies. Applicants further state that any Fund that imposes a CDSC will apply the CDSC (and any waivers or scheduled variations of the CDSC) uniformly to all Shareholders in a given class and consistently with the requirements of rule 22d-1 under the Act.
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Multiple Classes of Shares
1. Section 18(c) of the Act provides, in relevant part, that a closed-end investment company may not issue or sell any senior security if, immediately thereafter, the company has outstanding more than one class of senior security. Applicants state that the creation of multiple classes of Shares of a Fund may be prohibited by section 18(c) of the Act.
2. Section 18(i) of the Act provides that each share of stock issued by a registered management investment company will be a voting stock and have equal voting rights with every other outstanding voting stock. Applicants state that permitting multiple classes of Shares of a Fund may violate section 18(i) of the Act because each class would be entitled to exclusive voting rights with respect to matters solely related to that class of Shares.
3. Section 6(c) of the Act provides that the Commission may exempt any person, security or transaction or any class or classes of persons, securities or transactions from any provision of the Act, or from any rule under the Act, if and to the extent such exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Applicants request an exemption under section 6(c) from sections 18(c) and 18(i) to permit the Funds to issue multiple classes of Shares.
4. Applicants believe that the proposed allocation of expenses relating to distribution and voting rights is equitable and will not discriminate against any group or class of Shareholders. Applicants submit that the proposed arrangements would permit the Funds to facilitate the distribution of Shares through diverse distribution channels and provide investors with a broader choice of fee options. Applicants assert that the proposed closed-end investment company multiple class structure does not raise the concerns underlying section 18 of the Act to any greater degree than open-end investment companies' multiple class structures that are permitted by rule 18f-3 under the Act. Applicants state that each Fund will comply with the provisions of rule 18f-3 as if it were an open-end investment company.
CDSCs
5. Rule 6c-10 under the Act permits open-end investment companies to impose CDSCs, subject to certain conditions. FSGCO-ADV currently imposes a CDSC. If the requested relief is granted, FSGCO-ADV, and any other Fund that imposes a CDSC, will comply with rule 6c-10 as if that rule applied to closed-end management investment companies and will make all required disclosures in accordance with the requirements of Form N-1A concerning CDSCs. Applicants further state that any Fund that imposes a CDSC will apply the CDSC (and any waivers or scheduled variations of the CDSC) uniformly to all Shareholders in a given class and consistently with the requirements of rule 22d-1 under the Act.
Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees
6. Section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 under the Act prohibit an affiliated person of a registered investment company or an affiliated person of such person, acting as principal, from participating in or effecting any transaction in connection with any joint enterprise or joint arrangement in which the investment company participates unless the Commission issues an order permitting the transaction. In reviewing applications submitted under section 17(d) and rule 17d-1, the Commission considers whether the participation of the investment company in a joint enterprise or joint arrangement is consistent with the provisions, policies and purposes of the Act, and the extent to which the participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.
7. Rule 17d-3 under the Act provides an exemption from section 17(d) and rule 17d-1 to permit open-end investment companies to enter into Start Printed Page 57639distribution arrangements pursuant to rule 12b-1 under the Act. Applicants request an order under section 17(d) and rule 17d-1 under the Act to permit the Funds to impose asset-based service and/or distribution fees. Applicants have agreed to comply with rules 12b-1 and 17d-3 as if those rules applied to closed-end investment companies.
8. For the reasons stated above, applicants submit that the exemptions requested under section 6(c) are necessary and appropriate in the public interest and are consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Applicants also believe that the requested relief meets the standards for relief in section 17(d) of the Act and rule 17d-1 thereunder.
Applicants' Condition
Applicants agree that any order granting the requested relief will be subject to the following condition:
Each applicant will comply with the provisions of rules 6c-10, 12b-1, 17d-3, 18f-3, 22d-1 and, where applicable, 11a-3 under the Act, as amended from time to time, or any successor rules thereto, as if those rules applied to closed-end management investment companies, and will comply with NASD Conduct Rule 2830, as amended from time to time, as if that rule applied to all closed-end management investment companies.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, under delegated authority.
Brent J. Fields,
Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information
Footnotes

1.
     The Master Fund currently serves as the master fund in a master-feeder structure operating in accordance with section 12(d)(1)(E) of the Act. The Master Fund will not issue multiple classes of its shares and is an applicant because of the master-feeder structure.

        Back to Citation
      


2.
     The term “Shares” includes any other equivalent designation of a proportionate ownership interest (such as interests or units) in the Funds (as defined below). The holders of Shares are referred to as “Shareholders”.

        Back to Citation
      


3.
     All references to NASD Conduct Rule 2830 include any successor or replacement rule that may be adopted by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”).

        Back to Citation
      


4.
     Any Fund relying on this relief will do so in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of the application. Applicants represent that each entity presently intending to rely on the order requested in the application is listed as an applicant.

        Back to Citation
      


5.
     To date, the Master Fund has not conducted repurchase offers for its shares. To the extent the Master Fund is required in the future to conduct repurchase offers for its shares in order to allow FSGCO-ADV to satisfy repurchase requests under its Share repurchase program, it will do so in accordance with the requirements of rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act and section 23(c)(2) of the Act.

        Back to Citation
      


6.
     The boards of trustees or similar governing body of each Fund is referred to herein as a “Board”.

        Back to Citation
      


7.
     The Funds may subject Shares to an “early withdrawal charge” (a “Repurchase Fee”) at a rate of up to 2.00% of the aggregate net asset value of a Shareholder's Shares repurchased by the Fund if the interval between the date of the Shareholder's purchase of Shares and the date on which the applicable Fund repurchases such Shares is less than one year. Any Repurchase Fee will apply equally to all Shareholders of the applicable Fund, regardless of the class of Shares held by such Shareholders, consistent with section 18 of the Act and rule 18f-3 thereunder. To the extent a Fund determines to waive, impose scheduled variations of or eliminate the Repurchase Fee, the Fund will comply with the requirements of rule 22d-1 under the Act as if the Repurchase Fee were a CDSC and as if the Fund were an open-end investment company. The Fund's waiver, scheduled variation or elimination of the Repurchase Fee will apply uniformly to all Shareholders of the Fund, regardless of the class of Shares held by such Shareholders.

        Back to Citation
      


8.
     See Shareholder Reports and Quarterly Portfolio Disclosure of Registered Management Investment Companies, Investment Company Act Release No. 26372 (Feb. 27, 2004) (adopting release) (requiring open-end investment companies to disclose fund expenses in shareholder reports); and Disclosure of Breakpoint Discounts by Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Release No. 26464 (June 7, 2004) (adopting release) (requiring open-end investment companies to provide prospectus disclosure of certain sales load information).

        Back to Citation
      


9.
     See Confirmation Requirements and Point of Sale Disclosure Requirements for Transactions in Certain Mutual Funds and Other Securities, and Other Confirmation Requirement Amendments, and Amendments to the Registration Form for Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Release No. 26341 (Jan. 29, 2004) (proposing release).

        Back to Citation
      


[FR Doc. 2016-20059 Filed 8-22-16; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Securities and Exchange Commission  – Federal Register Recent Federal Regulation Documents :: Justia Regulation Tracker









































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing










Search and Track the Federal Register

The Federal Register is a daily publication of proposed and final rules (administrative laws) adopted by federal executive departments and agencies. These rules are put forth to guide these departments and agencies on how to follow the statutes (laws) passed by the United States Congress.




Department/Agency:



      All Departments and Agencies
    

      Executive Office of the President
    

      Department of Agriculture
    

      Department of Commerce
    

      Department of Defense
    

      Department of Education
    

      Department of Energy
    

      Department of Health and Human Services
    

      Department of Homeland Security
    

      Department of Housing and Urban Development
    

      Department of Justice
    

      Department of Labor
    

      Department of State
    

      Department of Transportation
    

      Department of Treasury
    

      Department of Veterans Affairs
    

      Department of the Interior
    

      Environmental Protection Agency
    

      ---------------
    

      Department of Agriculture
    

      - Agricultural Marketing Service
    

      - Agricultural Research Service
    

      - Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
    

      - Commodity Credit Corporation
    

      - Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service
    

      - Economic Research Service
    

      - Energy Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - Energy Policy and New Uses Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - Farm Service Agency
    

      - Federal Crop Insurance Corporation
    

      - Food Safety and Inspection Service
    

      - Food and Nutrition Service
    

      - Foreign Agricultural Service
    

      - Forest Service
    

      - Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration
    

      - Inspector General Office, Agriculture Department
    

      - National Agricultural Library
    

      - National Agricultural Statistics Service
    

      - Natural Resources Conservation Service
    

      - Risk Management Agency
    

      - Rural Business-Cooperative Service
    

      - Rural Housing Service
    

      - Rural Telephone Bank
    

      - Rural Utilities Service
    

      Department of Commerce
    

      - Census Bureau
    

      - Economic Analysis Bureau
    

      - Economic Development Administration
    

      - Economics and Statistics Administration
    

      - Foreign-Trade Zones Board
    

      - Industry and Security Bureau
    

      - International Trade Administration
    

      - Minority Business Development Agency
    

      - National Institute of Standards and Technology
    

      - National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
    

      - National Technical Information Service
    

      - National Telecommunications and Information Administration
    

      - Patent and Trademark Office
    

      - Technology Administration
    

      Department of Defense
    

      - Air Force Department
    

      - Army Department
    

      -- Engineers Corps
    

      - Defense Acquisition Regulations System
    

      - Defense Contract Audit Agency
    

      - Defense Information Systems Agency
    

      - Defense Intelligence Agency
    

      - Defense Logistics Agency
    

      - National Security Agency/Central Security Service
    

      - Navy Department
    

      - Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences
    

      Department of Education
    

      Department of Energy
    

      - Bonneville Power Administration
    

      - Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Office
    

      - Energy Information Administration
    

      - Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
    

      - Hearings and Appeals Office, Energy Department
    

      - National Nuclear Security Administration
    

      - Southeastern Power Administration
    

      - Southwestern Power Administration
    

      - Western Area Power Administration
    

      Department of Health and Human Services
    

      - Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality
    

      - Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry
    

      - Aging Administration
    

      - Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
    

      - Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
    

      -- Inspector General Office, Health and Human Services Department
    

      - Children and Families Administration
    

      -- Refugee Resettlement Office
    

      - Food and Drug Administration
    

      - Health Resources and Services Administration
    

      - Indian Health Service
    

      - National Institutes of Health
    

      - Public Health Service
    

      - Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
    

      Department of Homeland Security
    

      - Coast Guard
    

      - Customs and Border Protection Bureau
    

      - Federal Emergency Management Agency
    

      - Federal Law Enforcement Training Center
    

      - Immigration and Customs Enforcement Bureau
    

      - National Communications System
    

      - Secret Service
    

      - Transportation Security Administration
    

      - U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
    

      Department of Housing and Urban Development
    

      - Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight Office
    

      Department of Justice
    

      - Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives Bureau
    

      - Antitrust Division
    

      - Drug Enforcement Administration
    

      - Executive Office for Immigration Review
    

      - Federal Bureau of Investigation
    

      - Foreign Claims Settlement Commission
    

      - Justice Programs Office
    

      - Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Office
    

      - National Institute of Corrections
    

      - Parole Commission
    

      - Prisons Bureau
    

      Department of Labor
    

      - Disability Employment Policy Office
    

      - Employee Benefits Security Administration
    

      - Employment Standards Administration
    

      -- Wage and Hour Division
    

      - Employment and Training Administration
    

      - Federal Contract Compliance Programs Office
    

      - Labor Statistics Bureau
    

      - Labor-Management Standards Office
    

      - Mine Safety and Health Administration
    

      - Occupational Safety and Health Administration
    

      - Veterans Employment and Training Service
    

      - Workers' Compensation Programs Office
    

      Department of State
    

      Department of Transportation
    

      - Federal Aviation Administration
    

      - Federal Highway Administration
    

      - Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration
    

      - Federal Railroad Administration
    

      - Federal Transit Administration
    

      - Maritime Administration
    

      - National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
    

      - Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration
    

      - Research and Innovative Technology Administration
    

      - Research and Special Programs Administration
    

      - Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation
    

      - Surface Transportation Board
    

      - Transportation Statistics Bureau
    

      Department of Treasury
    

      - Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
    

      - Community Development Financial Institutions Fund
    

      - Comptroller of the Currency
    

      - Engraving and Printing Bureau
    

      - Foreign Assets Control Office
    

      - Internal Revenue Service
    

      - Monetary Offices
    

      - Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
    

      - Public Debt Bureau
    

      -- Fiscal Service
    

      - Thrift Supervision Office
    

      - United States Mint
    

      Department of Veterans Affairs
    

      Department of the Interior
    

      - Fish and Wildlife Service
    

      - Geological Survey
    

      - Indian Affairs Bureau
    

      - Indian Arts and Crafts Board
    

      - Land Management Bureau
    

      - Minerals Management Service
    

      - National Indian Gaming Commission
    

      - National Park Service
    

      - Reclamation Bureau
    

      - Special Trustee for American Indians Office
    

      - Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement Office
    

      Environmental Protection Agency
    

      Executive Office of the President
    

      - Central Intelligence Agency
    

      - Council on Environmental Quality
    

      - Management and Budget Office
    

      -- Federal Procurement Policy Office
    

      - National Drug Control Policy Office
    

      - Presidential Documents
    

      - Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board
    

      - Science and Technology Policy Office
    

      - Trade Representative, Office of United States
    

      Agencies and Comissions
    

      - African Development Foundation
    

      - Agency for International Development
    

      - Air Transportation Stabilization Board
    

      - American Battle Monuments Commission
    

      - Antitrust Modernization Commission
    

      - Appalachian States Low-Level Radioactive Waste Commission
    

      - Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board
    

      - Arctic Research Commission
    

      - Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship and Excellence in Education Foundation
    

      - Broadcasting Board of Governors
    

      - Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board
    

      - Civil Rights Commission
    

      - Commission of Fine Arts
    

      - Commission on Review of Overseas Military Facility Structure of the United States
    

      - Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled
    

      - Committee for the Implementation of Textile Agreements
    

      - Commodity Futures Trading Commission
    

      - Consumer Product Safety Commission
    

      - Coordinating Council on Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention
    

      - Corporation for National and Community Service
    

      - Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia
    

      - Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission
    

      - Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board
    

      - Delaware River Basin Commission
    

      - Denali Commission
    

      - Election Assistance Commission
    

      - Employees Benefits Security Administration
    

      - Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
    

      - Export-Import Bank
    

      - Family Support Administration
    

      -- Child Support Enforcement Office
    

      - Farm Credit Administration
    

      - Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation
    

      - Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board
    

      - Federal Communications Commission
    

      - Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
    

      - Federal Election Commission
    

      - Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
    

      - Federal Housing Finance Board
    

      - Federal Labor Relations Authority
    

      - Federal Maritime Commission
    

      - Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service
    

      - Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission
    

      - Federal Reserve System
    

      - Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board
    

      - Federal Trade Commission
    

      - General Services Administration
    

      - Government Accountability Office
    

      - Government Ethics Office
    

      - Government Printing Office
    

      - Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation
    

      - Historic Preservation, Advisory Council
    

      - Inter-American Foundation
    

      - International Boundary and Water Commission, United States and Mexico
    

      - International Trade Commission
    

      - Judicial Conference of the United States
    

      - Legal Services Corporation
    

      - Library of Congress
    

      -- Copyright Office, Library of Congress
    

      -- Copyright Royalty Board, Library of Congress
    

      - Marine Mammal Commission
    

      - Medicare Payment Advisory Commission
    

      - Merit Systems Protection Board
    

      - Millennium Challenge Corporation
    

      - Mississippi River Commission
    

      - Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation
    

      - National Aeronautics and Space Administration
    

      - National Archives and Records Administration
    

      -- Federal Register Office
    

      -- Information Security Oversight Office
    

      - National Capital Planning Commission
    

      - National Commission on Libraries and Information Science
    

      - National Council on Disability
    

      - National Credit Union Administration
    

      - National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact Council
    

      - National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities
    

      - National Institute for Literacy
    

      - National Intelligence, Office of the National Director
    

      - National Labor Relations Board
    

      - National Mediation Board
    

      - National Nanotechnology Coordination Office
    

      - National Prison Rape Elimination Commission
    

      - National Science Foundation
    

      - National Transportation Safety Board
    

      - Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation
    

      - Nuclear Regulatory Commission
    

      - Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board
    

      - Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission
    

      - Overseas Private Investment Corporation
    

      - Pacific Northwest Electric Power and Conservation Planning Council
    

      - Peace Corps
    

      - Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
    

      - Personnel Management Office
    

      - Postal Rate Commission
    

      - Postal Regulatory Commission
    

      - Postal Service
    

      - President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency
    

      - Presidio Trust
    

      - Railroad Retirement Board
    

      - Regulatory Information Service Center
    

      - Securities and Exchange Commission
    

      - Selective Service System
    

      - Small Business Administration
    

      - Smithsonian Institution
    

      - Social Security Administration
    

      - Special Counsel Office
    

      - State Justice Institute
    

      - Susquehanna River Basin Commission
    

      - Tennessee Valley Authority
    

      - Trade and Development Agency
    

      - U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission
    

      - United States Institute of Peace
    

      - United States Sentencing Commission
    

      - Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission
    


 

Show:





 All


 Rules


 Administrative Orders


 Notices


 Proposed Rules


 Executive Orders


 Proclamations



 

Regulations Filed:



All Dates



Between


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec


2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


 and 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec


2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017




 

Full Text (optional):





 Search
 




Browse by Date


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005


 
Securities and Exchange Commission  – Federal Register Recent Federal Regulation Documents




Show:






 All
              



 Rules
              



 Notices
              



 Proposed Rules
              



 


Filter Results
 








        Results 1 - 50 of 24,929      







          Subscribe 

























































Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Order Approving a Proposed Rule Change To Amend NYSE Arca Equities Rule 13.2, Liability of Corporation



Document Number: 2017-15910    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15910.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; Notice of Filing of a Proposed Rule Change Relating to the Definition of Non-Public Arbitrator



Document Number: 2017-15909    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15909.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Investors Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing of Amendment No. 3 and Order Granting Accelerated Approval of Proposed Rule Change, as Modified by Amendment No. 3, To Modify the Manner in Which the Exchange Opens Trading for Non-IEX-Listed Securities



Document Number: 2017-15908    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15908.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The Depository Trust Company; National Securities Clearing Corporation; Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; Notice of Filing Amendment No. 2, Notice of Filing Amendment No. 3, and Order Instituting Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove Proposed Rule Changes, as Previously Modified by Amendment No. 1, To Adopt the Clearing Agency Liquidity Risk Management Framework



Document Number: 2017-15907    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15907.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend MIAX Options Rules 404, 506, 806, and 1701



Document Number: 2017-15906    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15906.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The Depository Trust Company; Fixed Income Clearing Corporation; National Securities Clearing Corporation; Notice of Filing Amendment No. 1 and Order Instituting Proceedings to Determine Whether to Approve or Disapprove Proposed Rule Changes to Adopt the Clearing Agency Stress Testing Framework (Market Risk)



Document Number: 2017-15905    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15905.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BZX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Filing of a Proposed Rule Change to Rule 14.11(c), Index Fund Shares, To List and Trade Shares of the Aptus Fortified Value ETF, a Series of ETF Series Solutions



Document Number: 2017-15904    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15904.html




Adoption of Updated EDGAR Filer Manual



Document Number: 2017-15862    

Type: Rule    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    


    The Securities and Exchange Commission (``the Commission'') is adopting revisions to the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System (``EDGAR'') Filer Manual and related rules to reflect updates to the EDGAR system. The updates are being made primarily to reflect amendments made to several forms under the Securities Act of 1933 (``Securities Act'') and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (``Exchange Act'') to effectuate inflation adjustments and other technical amendments required under Titles I and III of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (``JOBS'') Act; support recent updates to Form C and Form D; includes instructions for hyperlinking to exhibits included with certain Securities Act and Exchange Act forms and makes certain corrective changes to previously revised sections. The revised EDGAR Filer Manual also announces updates to the technical specifications for the ABS-EE schema and terminates support for US-GAAP-2015, EXCH-2015, CURRENCY-2014, and COUNTRY-2013 taxonomies. The EDGAR system is scheduled to be upgraded on July 17, 2017.  

http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15862.html




Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rules on the Auditor's Report on an Audit of Financial Statements When the Auditor Expresses an Unqualified Opinion, and Departures From Unqualified Opinions and Other Reporting Circumstances, and Related Amendments to Auditing Standards



Document Number: 2017-15718    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-28    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/28/2017-15718.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15779    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15779.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing of Proposed Rule Change To Amend Exchange Rules 4702 and 4754 To Enhance the Nasdaq Closing Cross



Document Number: 2017-15775    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15775.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; ICE Clear Credit LLC; Order Approving Proposed Rule Change Relating to ICC's End-of-Day Price Discovery Policies and Procedures



Document Number: 2017-15774    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15774.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change Relating to a Change in the Size of a Creation Unit Applicable to Shares of the PIMCO Low Duration Active Exchange-Traded Fund



Document Number: 2017-15773    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15773.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; MIAX PEARL, LLC ; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend Rule 404, Series of Option Contracts Open for Trading



Document Number: 2017-15772    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15772.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend MIAX Options Rule 404, Series of Option Contracts Open for Trading



Document Number: 2017-15771    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15771.html




Joint Industry Plan; Order of Summary Abrogation of Amendment No. 2 to the National Market System Plan Governing the Consolidated Audit Trail by Bats BYX Exchange, Inc., Bats BZX Exchange, Inc., Bats EDGA Exchange, Inc., Bats EDGX Exchange, Inc., BOX Options Exchange LLC, C2 Options Exchange, Incorporated, Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated, Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc., Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., Investors' Exchange LLC, Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC, MIAX PEARL, LLC, NASDAQ BX, Inc., Nasdaq GEMX, LLC, Nasdaq ISE, LLC, Nasdaq MRX, LLC, NASDAQ PHLX LLC, The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, New York Stock Exchange LLC, NYSE Arca, Inc., NYSE MKT LLC and NYSE National, Inc.



Document Number: 2017-15768    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-27    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/27/2017-15768.html




Point Bridge Capital, LLC, et al.



Document Number: 2017-15712    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15712.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Amend Qualification Criteria Under the Qualified Market Maker Program at Rule 7014



Document Number: 2017-15637    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15637.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq ISE, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15636    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15636.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq GEMX, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15635    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15635.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NASDAQ BX, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6896 and Chapter IX, Section 9



Document Number: 2017-15634    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15634.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq MRX, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 912



Document Number: 2017-15633    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15633.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove a Proposed Rule Change, as Modified by Amendment No. 3, Relating to the Listing and Trading of Shares of the USCF Canadian Crude Oil Index Fund Under NYSE Arca Equities Rule 8.200



Document Number: 2017-15632    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15632.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; New York Stock Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Eliminate Non-Regular Way Trading on the Exchange



Document Number: 2017-15631    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15631.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Order Granting Approval of Proposed Rule Change Relating to Disaster Recovery



Document Number: 2017-15630    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15630.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Nasdaq GEMX, LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change Regarding Market Maker Quotations



Document Number: 2017-15629    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-26    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/26/2017-15629.html




Sunshine Act Meeting



Document Number: 2017-15628    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15628.html




Sunshine Act Meeting



Document Number: 2017-15627    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15627.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of Proposed Rule Change To Enhance Anti-Internalization Functionality



Document Number: 2017-15530    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15530.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change Relating to Updates for the CBOE Fees Schedule



Document Number: 2017-15529    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-25    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/25/2017-15529.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Exchange Rule 1713 Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15416    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15416.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Investors Exchange LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 15.130 To Establish the Procedures for Resolving Potential Disputes Related to CAT Fees Charged to Industry Members



Document Number: 2017-15415    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15415.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6896 and Chapter IX, Section 9



Document Number: 2017-15414    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15414.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BYX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15413    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15413.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats BZX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15412    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15412.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats EDGA Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15411    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15411.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Bats EDGX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 4.17, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15410    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15410.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; BOX Options Exchange LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 16100 (Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution) To Establish the Procedures for Resolving Potential Disputes Related to CAT Fees Charged to Industry Members



Document Number: 2017-15409    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15409.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NASDAQ PHLX LLC; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 996A



Document Number: 2017-15408    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15408.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Article 23, Rule 13, Consolidated Audit Trail-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15407    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15407.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on a Proposed Rule Change To Adopt Rule 6.97, Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) Compliance Rule-Fee Dispute Resolution



Document Number: 2017-15406    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15406.html




Morningstar Funds Trust and Morningstar Investment Management LLC



Document Number: 2017-15405    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15405.html




Barings LLC, et al.



Document Number: 2017-15404    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-24    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/24/2017-15404.html




Proposed Collection; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15349    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15349.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; BOX Options Exchange LLC; Notice of Filing and Immediate Effectiveness of a Proposed Rule Change To Amend the BOX Fee Schedule



Document Number: 2017-15321    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15321.html




Self-Regulatory Organizations; NYSE Arca, Inc.; Notice of Designation of a Longer Period for Commission Action on Proceedings To Determine Whether To Approve or Disapprove a Proposed Rule Change Relating to the Listing and Trading of Shares of the EtherIndex Ether Trust Under NYSE Arca Equities Rule 8.201



Document Number: 2017-15320    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15320.html




Proposed Collection; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15296    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15296.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15295    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15295.html




Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request



Document Number: 2017-15294    

Type: Notice    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    




http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15294.html




Covered Securities Pursuant to Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933



Document Number: 2017-15216    

Type: Proposed Rule    

Date: 2017-07-21    

Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission, Agencies and Commissions    


    The Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'') proposes for comment an amendment to Rule 146 under Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933 (``Securities Act''), as amended, to designate certain securities on Investors Exchange LLC (``IEX'' or ``Exchange'') as covered securities for purposes of Section 18(b) of the Securities Act. Covered securities under Section 18(b) of the Securities Act are exempt from state law registration requirements.  

http://regulations.justia.com/regulations/fedreg/2017/07/21/2017-15216.html







1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Next














            Find a Lawyer
          












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing






Ask a Lawyer




Question: 

 Add details

					120
				



Additional Details:  



						1000 
					


 Ask Question 







			Subscribe to Justia's 
			
				Free Newsletters
			
			featuring summaries of federal and state 
			
				court opinions. 
		

			Subscribe Now
		









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions








