

Products — Financial Solutions, Inc.









Home 

					|

					About Us 

					|

					Products 

					|

					Contact Us



FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Strategy
FSI Enhanced Target Date Series Collective Investment Trusts
FSI Tactical Risk Control 





				© 1994-2015 Financial Solutions, Inc.   All Rights Reserved.

			









Low Beta Absoltue Return Strategy — Financial Solutions, Inc.









Home 

					|

					About Us 

					|

					Products 

					|

					Contact Us


Low Beta Absolute Return Strategy
The Low Beta Absolute Return Strategy utilizes a diversified portfolio of Fund of Funds hedge fund strategies along with direct placement hedge funds. The strategy also deploys a treasury wrapper to assist in controlling risk during periods of increased market stress. 

To contact us about this product, or to request a prospectus, click here.




				© 1994-2015 Financial Solutions, Inc.   All Rights Reserved.

			


















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (1)








															Stay current on Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund trustees and associates »
															


 







GARY W. GOULD
Chief Executive Officer @ Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund in Tulsa, OK - (918) 585-5858





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund



320 S Boston Ave
Tulsa, OK 74103






Contact:
Gary Gould


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        918-585-5858
                    



Website:







There are 

138
                Companies located at 320 S Boston Ave, Tulsa, OK 74103
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund is located in Tulsa, Oklahoma. This organization primarily operates in the Money Market Mutual Funds business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 5 years. FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund is estimated to generate $198,944 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 3 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Management Investment, Open-ended



Industry:

Money Market Mutual Funds




SIC Code:

6722











Name:
FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund


Year Founded:


2012






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 198,944



Employees:

3



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 74103






Percentage Population



1,636
White
290
Hispanic
862
Black
18
Asian
206
Native American
3
Hawaiian
41
Other


60.8 %
White
10.8 %
Hispanic
32.0 %
Black
0.7 %
Asian
7.7 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
1.5 %
Other













Population




Population 
2,692




Female17.6%474


Male82.4%2,218




Median Age

34.7




Female32.3


Male35.2






























Questions & Answers









Is there a key contact at FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund?





Gary Gould is the Principal at FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund. You can contact Gary at (918) 585-5858.







How long has FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund been in business?





FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund has been in business for approximately 5 years.







Where is FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund located?





FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund is located at 320 S Boston Ave, Tulsa, OK 74103.









What are the annual sales for FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund?





FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund generates approximately $198,944 in annual sales.







How many people work at FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund?





FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund has approximately 3 employees at this location.







Are there other companies located at 320 S Boston Ave, Tulsa, OK?





There are 138 commercial tenants at 320 S Boston Ave, Tulsa, OK.







How big is FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund?





FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund is estimated to generate $198,944 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 3 people at this location.







What is the phone number for FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund?





The phone number for FSI Low Beta Absolute Return Fund is (918) 585-5858










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 74103






Average House Value


                                $ 0
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 100,972
                            



Number of Households

122



Persons per Household

1.44













Number of Businesses

1,106



Number of Employees

12,297



Land Area (square miles)

0.570



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close
































Michael J. McKeen - Treasurer at Chou America Management, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael J. McKeen
Treasurer at Chou America Management, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History 


Michael J. McKeen
Treasurer at Chou America Management, Inc.



 Overview



Age



46
                                  (Born 1971)
                                              




Notable Companies


Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc.

Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund Tei




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 48 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
June 18, 2015





                        Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc. Announces New Administrator                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Megan Hadley Koehler

Secretary & Vice President at Context Capital Funds




Stacey Hong

President at Atlantic Fund Services





Francis Sin Chou

Founder, President & Chief Executive Officer at Chou Associates Management, Inc.




Carlyn Edgar

Chief Compliance Officer at Chou America Management, Inc.





Dennis Mason

Chief Compliance Officer at Chou America Management, Inc.




Joshua LaPan

Vice President at Chou America Management, Inc.





Nathan E. Wagner

President, Chief Executive Officer & Trustee at Outlook Funds Trust




Dennis Mason

Chief Compliance Officer at Context Capital Funds





John Y. Keffer

President at Forum Foundation




Christopher Koons

Chief Operating Officer at Atlantic Fund Services







See 38 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 38 More 


 


 Paths to Michael J. McKeen



            Michael J. McKeen          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael J. McKeen






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael J. McKeen.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Principal Financial Officer & Treasurer

                                    2013 - Current                


Context Capital Funds


                  Context Capital Funds operates as a development stage company.  It oversees the management of the Fund and review the Fund's performance, monitor investment activities and practices and discuss other matters affecting the Fund. The company is headquartered in Portland, ME.                




Treasurer

                                    2010 - Current                


Chou America Management, Inc.


                  Chou America Management (CAM) employs a value-oriented investment approach and manages the Chou Equity Opportunity Fund and the Chou Income Opportunity Fund.The Chou Equity Opportunity Fund seeks to achieve long-term growth of capital. The fund invests primarily in equity and debt securities of companies located throughout the world that CAM believes are available at market prices less than their value, and financial instruments that provide exposure to these equity and debt securities. Portfolio holdings are typically concentrated in 25 to 35 companies without limits as to the size of an issuer, its earnings or the industry in which it operates. During times of high market valuations and volatility, CAM may decide to maintain a larger portion of the fund's assets in short-term fixed income securities during periods of high market valuations and volatility. The fund's net assets may be invested in debt securities including government and corporate bonds, high yield bonds, ABS and repurchase agreements. The Chou Income Opportunity Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation and income production, with capital preservation as a secondary consideration. The fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 80% of its net assets in fixed income securities and financial instruments that provide exposure to fixed income securities. The fixed income investments primarily include U.S. and Canadian government and municipal securities, distressed securities, corporate bonds (both investment grade and below-investment grade), preferred securities, income trusts, bank debt, mortgage- or asset-backed securities, and convertible securities. The fund invests in fixed income securities in both developed markets and emerging markets. The fund may invest in distressed securities and corporate bonds that are rated below-investment grade.                




Senior Vice President, Fund Accounting & Tax

                                    Current                


Atlantic Fund Services


                  Founded in 2009, Atlantic Fund Services is a fund distributor located in Portland, Maine                




Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer

                                    2015 - Prior                


Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc.


                  Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc. is a mutual fund closed-end engages in the provision of investments. It has an objective to seeks a high level of current income as is consistent with prudent investment risks from a diversified portfolio primarily of debt securities. It has also an objective of capital appreciation. The company was founded on December 11, 1972 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer

                                    Prior                


Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund Tei


                  Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund Tei is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The fund's investment objective is to seek attractive risk adjusted rate of returns, 'Alpha,' with a risk profile and volatility that is similar to that of the Barclay's Aggregate Bond Index. The fund intends to invest 3% to 6% of its assets in the Beta Exposure which may include U.S. Treasury futures, Barclay's Aggregate Bond Index futures and/or derivatives contracts to create and maintain synthetic fixed income index exposure. It intends to generally invest 3% to 17% in the Buffer Account which will consist of fixed-income securities, money market instruments, repurchase agreements and money market mutual funds, or hold cash or cash equivalents in such amounts as are deemed necessary for periodic settlement of the fluctuation of the Beta Exposure. The fund invests the balance of its assets 80% to 94% in the Alpha Engine. Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return was founded on August 3, 2011 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.                





 Other Affiliations




              Michael J. McKeen is affiliated with
                            Context Capital Funds, Chou America Management, Inc., Atlantic Fund Services, Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc., Fsi Low Beta Absolute Return Fund Tei.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












FSI LOW BETA ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      FSI LOW BETA ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND
                    

•   CINCINNATI, OH
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             FSI LOW Beta Absolute Return Fund is based out of Cincinnati.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for FSI LOW Beta Absolute Return Fund. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from FSI LOW BETA ABSOLUTE RETURN FUND, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




fsi low beta absolute return fund


C/O ULTIMUS FUND SOLUTIONS, LLC

CINCINNATI
OH
                                                        
                                                    45246


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      513-587-3400







Recent SEC Filings




SC TO-I/A filed on 07/07/2017
SC TO-I/A filed on 06/20/2017
SC TO-I filed on 06/02/2017
3 filed on 05/31/2017
40-17G filed on 05/31/2017
N-CSRS filed on 05/09/2017
NSAR-A filed on 04/27/2017
SC TO-I/A filed on 04/05/2017
CORRESP filed on 12/30/2016
SC TO-I filed on 03/01/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















