 



FTD Companies | Corporate Responsibility










































 

			

 

















Corporate Responsibility













Careers

Job Opportunities
Benefits
Life at FTD Companies
Corporate Responsibility










FTD Corporate Giving Strategy
We understand how important it is to give back to those in need. As a good corporate citizen and now as a newly integrated company, we can do even more to help make a difference in others' lives. To that end, we are very pleased to announce FTD's newly redesigned corporate giving strategy
As we examined our approach to giving back, we wanted to ensure that our charitable efforts align to our mission, vision and values, as well as to our overall business objectives. We also wanted to find ways to engage you, as employees, through new programs and charities where we can make the biggest impact.
We created an overarching pillar for FTD: COMMUNITY SUPPORT. Our corporate giving strategy will strive to create inspiring and meaningful moments that positively impact the communities in which we live and do business in. To carry out this mission, we are establishing long-term, charitable partnerships for each of the brands with this overarching pillar in mind.














 



FTD Companies | About FTD Companies










































 

			

 

















About FTD Companies













Company Info

About FTD Companies

About FTD
About Interflora
About ProFlowers
About Additional Brands

Management
History
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions











FTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. Through our diversified family of brands, we provide floral, specialty foods, gifts and related products to consumers primarily in the United States and the United Kingdom. We also provide floral products and services to retail florists and other retail locations throughout these same geographies. FTD has been delivering flowers since 1910 and the highly-recognized FTD® and Interflora® brands are supported by the iconic Mercury Man logo®, which is displayed in nearly 35,000 floral shops in over 125 countries. In addition to FTD and Interflora, our diversified portfolio of brands includes the following trademarks: ProFlowers®, ProPlants®, Shari's Berries®, Personal Creations®, RedEnvelope®, Flying Flowers®, Flowers Direct™, Ink Cards™, Postagram™ and Gifts.com™. FTD Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Downers Grove, Ill.


The FTD Mission StatementTo inspire, support and delight our customers when expressing life's most important sentiments.

The FTD Vision StatementTo be the leading and most trusted floral and gifting company in the world.














 



FTD Companies | About FTD Companies










































 

			

 

















About FTD Companies













Company Info

About FTD Companies

About FTD
About Interflora
About ProFlowers
About Additional Brands

Management
History
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions











FTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. Through our diversified family of brands, we provide floral, specialty foods, gifts and related products to consumers primarily in the United States and the United Kingdom. We also provide floral products and services to retail florists and other retail locations throughout these same geographies. FTD has been delivering flowers since 1910 and the highly-recognized FTD® and Interflora® brands are supported by the iconic Mercury Man logo®, which is displayed in nearly 35,000 floral shops in over 125 countries. In addition to FTD and Interflora, our diversified portfolio of brands includes the following trademarks: ProFlowers®, ProPlants®, Shari's Berries®, Personal Creations®, RedEnvelope®, Flying Flowers®, Flowers Direct™, Ink Cards™, Postagram™ and Gifts.com™. FTD Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Downers Grove, Ill.


The FTD Mission StatementTo inspire, support and delight our customers when expressing life's most important sentiments.

The FTD Vision StatementTo be the leading and most trusted floral and gifting company in the world.





















FTDi.com - Member Florists of FTD

























Sign In
Create an Account












Toolkit & Resources 



Makeover Magic by FTD
FTD America's Cup
Floral Selections Guide/Recipes
Premium Presentation
Image & Logo Library

FTD University / Education

FTD Webinar Series
FTD How-To Video Series
FTD Boot Camp
FTD Re-Boot
Mercury Technology Training
FTD University Online
FTD University Scholarships
FTD Education Team
Education Calendar
Merc Tech U



FTD Quality Programs

Quality Overview
Product Recipe Catalog
Florist Scorecard
Test Order Management Program
Path to Orders
Quality Rating Program
Delayed Response Policy
Substitution Policy
Delivery Confirmation Policy
FTD University Online
Care & Handling Materials



Local Marketing


Radio Advertising Scripts

Newspaper Advertisements
Magazine Advertisements
Billboard Advertisements
DIY Mailers
Care & Handling Materials
Social Media Banners
In-store Merchandising
Vehicle Graphics


Catalogs & Promotions
FTD Newsletters
Partner Discount Program
Industry Relations & Partnerships



Business Solutions 


Directory Services

Directory Services Overview
Directory Deadlines
FloristLink
Directory Advertising
Featured Florist
Resource Guide
Exchange Rates
Testimonials



Credit Card Processing

Cash-Flo Overview
Equipment Options

Credit Card Activity



Florists Online (FOL)

Florists Online Overview
Website Templates
Custom Designs
Mobile Website Banners
Online Marketing Services
WebGifts
Training Resources
Web Portal



WebGifts

WebGifts Overview
Join WebGifts
U.S. Product Info
Canada Product Info
Order Processing
Shipping Table
WebGifts Policies
FAQ



Online Marketing Services

FTD Wedding Program
FTDFlorists.com
FTDSympathyFlorists.com
FTD eBiz Marketing
Local Search
Online Ratings Service


FTD Market For You
FTD Flower Exchange
Master Florist Program
Premier Florist Program

Licensed & Exclusive Partnerships

Better Homes and Gardens
Hallmark Flowers
Vera Wang
The Luxe Collection by FTD


Flowers All Hours
Small Business Loans
Green Business Bureau



Technology 

FTD Mercury Technology

Mercury Point of Sale


Tools

Order Entry
Point of Sale
Design Center
Search Capabilities
Event Planner
Delivery
Mercury Mobile



Profitability

Bookkeeping Functions
Mercury Marketing
Retail ToGo



Network

FTD Florist Link



People

Technology Training
Gold Support & Customer Service
Online Chat




Mercury Direct Plus
Merc Tech U
Data Security
Gift Card Program
Suspending / Resuming Mercury
Purchase Print Cartridges



Shopping 

FTD Marketplace
FTD Flower Exchange
Vehicle Graphics
Hallmark Cards




Member Services 

FTD Clearinghouse Statement
FTD Rewards
Path to Orders
Frequently Asked Questions

The FTD Advantage

Overview
Network
Profitability
Tools
People
Join FTD



FTD Quality Programs

Quality Overview
Product Recipe Catalog
Florist Scorecard
Test Order Management Program
Path to Orders
Quality Rating Program
Delayed Response Policy
Substitution Policy
Delivery Confirmation Policy
FTD University Online
Care & Handling Materials



FTD Membership

FTD Member Guide
Master Florist Program
Premier Florist Program
FTD Membership Request Form
FTD Social Media Policy
FTD Brand Protection Policy
FTD Standards



Customer Service

Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Exchange Rates
W9-Form
Report of Orders Filled (ROF) Form



International Retrans

Sending an International Order
Filling an International Order
International Delivery Directory (IDD)



FTD.com

FTD.com Overview
Best Sellers
Delivery Policy

















Learn More


Learn More


Learn More


Learn More





FTD Clearinghouse Statement
FTD QualityPrograms
FTD FloralSelections Guide
FTD Image & LogoLibrary
Path to Orders
FTD Marketplace








Did you know?


Mercury Messenger BlogCheck out industry trends, business-building tips and get inspired at blog.ftdi.com. 



FTD Rewards


Membership that rewards you by saving money on flowers! Earn points on membership, products and services.Learn all about theFTD Rewards program. 




News and Events


FTD can help you enhance your skills to improve profits and drive business with a suite of education programs. Register for a business or design course today. 








 

Home
About Us
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Find an FTD Florist
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy

Copyright© 2017. FTD® All Rights Reserved.






 



FTD Companies | Home










































 

			

 




































FTD Companies News / Press Releases




						18
					
Jul


FTD Companies, Inc. Announces Appointment of Jeffrey D. T. Severts as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., July 18, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FTD Companies, Inc. (Nasdaq:FTD) ("FTD" or the "Company"), a premier floral and gifting company, today announced the appointment of Jeffrey D. T. Severts as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, effective July 10, 2017.Read more...










Our History
The rich heritages of FTD and Interflora began in the early 20th century with innovation and creativity at the forefront of both iconic brands. As of December 31, 2014, we are proud to welcome another innovative floral company to our portfolio of brands, ProFlowers.
Read More











Our Brands
Our family of brands represent nearly 250 years of excellence in floral delivery. Our mission to delight and inspire customers is the foundation of our business today.

















FTD
Floral & gifts in U.S. and Canada










ProFlowers
Floral in U.S.










Interflora
Floral & gifts in the U.K. and Ireland










Shari's Berries
Gourmet-dipped edibles










Personal Creations
Personalized gifts










Flying Flowers
U.K. flower delivery










Gifts.com
Unique, high quality gifts










Cherry Moon Farms
Gourmet gift baskets










ProPlants
Traditional to exotic plants










Sincerely
An online gifting network










Flowers Direct
U.K. flower delivery

























FTD Companies, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:26 PM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of FTD Companies, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
FTD Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a floral and gifting company primarily in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland. The company operates through four segments: Consumer, Provide Commerce, Florist, and International. It provides floral arrangements and plants, gifts, and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies. The company also markets and sells gift items, including gourmet-dipped berries and other specialty foods, personalized gifts, fresh fruit baskets, gift baskets, wine and champagne, jewelry, and spa products, as well as gourmet food products; and provides point-of-...
FTD Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a floral and gifting company primarily in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland. The company operates through four segments: Consumer, Provide Commerce, Florist, and International. It provides floral arrangements and plants, gifts, and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies. The company also markets and sells gift items, including gourmet-dipped berries and other specialty foods, personalized gifts, fresh fruit baskets, gift baskets, wine and champagne, jewelry, and spa products, as well as gourmet food products; and provides point-of-sale systems and related technology services to floral network members. FTD Companies, Inc. offers its products under the ProFlowers, ProPlants, Shari’s Berries, Personal Creations, Mercury Man logo, FTD, Interflora, RedEnvelope, Flying Flowers, Flowers Direct, Ink Cards, Postagram, and Gifts.com through its Websites, associated mobile sites and applications, and telephone. The company was formerly known as UNOL Intermediate, Inc. FTD Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois.
Detailed Description


3113 Woodcreek DriveDowners Grove, IL 60515United States1,528 Employees



Phone: 630-719-7800

www.ftdcompanies.com







Key Executives for FTD Companies, Inc.




Mr. Tom D. Moeller


      	Head of Florist Division
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $405.2K








Mr. Scott D. Levin


      	Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $372.2K








Ms. Helen Quinn


      	Executive Vice President of US Consumer Floral
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $246.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

FTD Companies, Inc. Key Developments

FTD Companies, Inc. Announces Appointment of Jeffrey D. T. Severts as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Jul 18 17
FTD Companies, Inc. announced the appointment of Jeffrey D. T. Severts as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, effective July 10, 2017. Mr. Severts is a veteran marketer with experience across industries, geographies, and channels. Prior to joining FTD, Mr. Severts served as the CEO of Ventris LLC, which he founded in 2014, specializing in marketing strategy and customer data analytics. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Severts served as the Senior Vice President of Marketing at Ulta Beauty.


FTD Companies, Inc. Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017; Reiterates Consolidated Earnings Guidance for the Full Year 2017
May 9 17
FTD Companies, Inc. announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the first quarter, the company’s consolidated total revenues were $316.493 million for the first quarter of 2017, compared to $330.214 million for the first quarter of 2016. The decrease in first quarter consolidated revenues compared to the prior year period was primarily due to decreased revenues in the Consumer segment and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates in the International segment. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted 2017 first quarter revenues by $7.1 million. Consolidated revenues were positively impacted during the first quarter of 2017 by the Tuesday placement of Valentine’s Day in 2017 as compared to the Sunday placement in 2016, however, the increase was partially offset by the shift in the timing of the Easter holiday to the second quarter in 2017 as compared to the first quarter in 2016. Operating income was $17.840 million against $2.939 million a year ago. Net income before income taxes was $15.542 million against $2.434 million a year ago. Net income was $9.023 million for the first quarter of 2017, compared to net income of $1.751 million for the first quarter of 2016. The increase in net income was primarily attributable to a decrease in amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by an increase in the provision for income taxes. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.32 against $0.06 Net cash provided by operating activities was $24.216 million against $17.571 million a year ago. Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets were $3.196 million against $4.611 million a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $31.063 million against $30.624 million a year ago. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, the company generated free cash flow of $24.350 million compared to $14.210 million for the prior year period. 

For the full year 2017, the company reiterated its earnings guidance as: consolidated revenues in 2017 to be largely in-line on a reported basis with the company's 2016 revenues of $1.12 billion, or up low single digits on a constant currency basis (using an average GBP to USD exchange rate of 1:1.21 as compared to the 2016 average exchange rate of 1:1.36). Net income expected to be approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 million. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin is anticipated to decline to approximately 8.0% to 8.5% of consolidated net revenues, primarily as a result of expected increases in marketing investments. Capital expenditures expected to be approximately $28.0 million, primarily due to planned enhancements to the company’s technology platform. In connection with the outlook provided above, note that the seasonality of the company's business impacts its profitability and cash flows from operations on a quarterly basis. In addition, due to a variety of factors, actual results may differ significantly from the outlook provided.


FTD Companies, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Jun 06, 2017
Apr 26 17
FTD Companies, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Jun 06, 2017, at 09:00 Central Standard Time. Location: offices of Jones Day at 77 West Wacker Drive Chicago Illinois United States Agenda: To elect three directors to serve on its Board of Directors for a term of office to expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders following their election, with each director to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal; to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; to approve the FTD Companies, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-800 CONTACTS, Inc. United States 12Degrees Corp. United States 1A Auto, Inc. United States 1SaleADay L.L.C. United States 1stdibs.Com, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FTD Companies, Inc., please visit www.ftdcompanies.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



FTD Companies | Job Opportunities










































 

			

 

















Job Opportunities













Careers

Job Opportunities
Benefits
Life at FTD Companies
Corporate Responsibility











A Great Place to Work

Over 100 years ago, FTD started "saying it with flowers" when they leveraged the cutting-edge technology of the telegraph and railroads to deliver unforgettable floral gifts across the country and, later, around the world. That tradition of innovation and forward-thinking has grown this iconic company into a gifting powerhouse, with a family of brands that includes ProFlowers, Shari's Berries and Personal Creations.  Our entrepreneurial culture and unwavering commitment to our people creates a dynamic work environment that celebrates collaboration, quality, superior service and constant innovation.
From inspiring creative and merchandising opportunities, to careers in marketing, analytics and technology, we have an opportunity for anyone who shares our passion for excellence.  Whether you're interested in joining the team at FTD's headquarters in Chicago, or want to share your talents at our San Diego location working on the ProFlowers, Shari's Berries and Personal Creations brands, we welcome you to explore the current job opportunities.
We love what we do, and we're excited to invite you to be a part of it.

  All FTD Job Opportunities



 
 

Connect With FTD
Want more? Visit us on all of our social media channels:











 














 



FTD Companies | Management










































 

			

 

















Management













Company Info

About FTD Companies

About FTD
About Interflora
About ProFlowers
About Additional Brands

Management
History
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions










Management
John WaldenPresident and Chief Executive Officer John Walden was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors on March 1, 2017.  From 2014 to 2016, John served as Chief Executive of Home Retail Group plc, the United Kingdom's leading home and general merchandise retailer with 1,100 stores, multiple digital channels, approximately $9.0 billion in net sales and the parent company of the Argos, Homebase and Habitat retail chains.  Beginning in 2012 John was Managing Director and Chief Executive of Home Retail's principal division, Argos, Ltd.  During 2016, John led the successful sale of Homebase to Wesfarmers, and subsequently the successful sale of Argos and the balance of Home Retail Group to J Sainsbury plc.
Prior to Argos, in 2008 John founded Inversion, Inc., a strategic retail and technology consultancy, and from 2007 to 2008 he served as Executive Vice President Chief Customer Officer at Sears Holdings Corp. From 1999 to 2007, John held various executive leadership roles at Best Buy Company, Inc., including Executive Vice President Customer Business Group, Executive Vice President Human Capital and Leadership, and President Internet and Direct Channels Division. He also served in leadership roles at Peapod, Inc., a leading online supermarket and pioneer of online retailing. Earlier in his career, John held management roles at Ameritech Corporation and Storage Technology Corporation, and practiced corporate and securities law with Sidley Austin LLP.
John holds a Masters in Management from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University, a Juris Doctor from Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Illinois.

Stephen TuckerExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerStephen Tucker joined FTD Companies, Inc. as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2017.  Stephen previously served as Senior Vice President of Financial Operations at AT&T. In this role, he oversaw financial operations for the AT&T Entertainment Group's Content and Customer Care teams.  Prior to AT&T's acquisition of DIRECTV, Stephen served in many roles within DIRECTV, including SVP Financial Operations, where he provided finance support for the company's Customer Care, Field Services, Supply Chain, Service and Repair, and Protection Plan teams, and SVP of Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer for DIRECTV Sports Networks.  Earlier in his career, Stephen held the role of Financial Officer of FUN Technologies, a public company subsidiary of Liberty Media.  During his tenure, Stephen played a pivotal role in stabilizing the operating and financial performance of the company and returning it to a positive growth trajectory.  For the past 10 years, his focus has been driving growth and improving financial performance in the numerous businesses he has supported.Previously, Stephen spent 16 years with KPMG, including the final six years as an audit partner in the Information Communications and Entertainment practice.   While at KPMG, he provided audit, technical accounting, regulatory filing, transaction support and financial reporting assistance to companies across numerous industries.  Stephen holds a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, Canada and is a Certified Public Accountant.

Rhys J. HughesPresident of InterfloraRhys J. Hughes is the head of our International Division and was appointed President of Interflora British Unit in May 2008, having previously spent two years as Chief Operating Officer of Interflora.  Mr. Hughes was also appointed head of Global Floral Strategy for FTD Companies, Inc. in October 2016.  Prior to joining Interflora in 2001 as Finance Director, he held senior financial roles with Boots Opticians and Vision Express. Mr. Hughes is a Chartered Accountant, having qualified with KPMG in Nottingham, where he spent most of his time in audit services. He received a First Class Honours degree in industrial economics from Nottingham University.

Eric J. VratimosExecutive Vice President, GiftingEric J. Vratimos is the Executive Vice President, Gifting, of FTD Companies, Inc. Mr. Vratimos joined FTD in January 2015 through the company's acquisition of Provide Commerce, where he was the Vice President and General Manager for the Personal Creations business until his promotion to Senior Vice President and General Manager, a position he held from April 2016 until June 2016.  Prior to joining Provide Commerce in 2011, Mr. Vratimos was a Partner and Head of the Chicago office with Oliver Wyman, Marsh and McLennan's global strategy and operations consultancy.  Mr. Vratimos spent 18 years with Oliver Wyman and its predecessor firm Mercer Management Consulting in a variety of leadership roles. Mr. Vratimos earned an A.B. in Engineering from Dartmouth College, where he graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa, and an M.S. in Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management from Stanford University.

Tom D. MoellerExecutive Vice President, Florist DivisionTom D. Moeller is the head of our Florist Division and has been with FTD since April 2010. He joined FTD as Executive Vice President, Florists' Transworld Delivery, Inc. from the William Wrigley Jr. Company, where he served as Global Chief Customer Officer since 2007 and as Vice President, U.S. Customer Sales and Support from 2001 to 2007. Prior to Wrigley, Mr. Moeller served as General Manager at Schering-Plough HealthCare, responsible for their Wal-Mart and Alternative Trade Channel businesses. Before joining Schering-Plough, he spent 12 years at Nabisco, Inc. in various sales and customer marketing roles. Mr. Moeller has had over 25 years of experience in consumer packaged goods. He is a graduate of Wartburg College and continued his executive education at Northwestern University and Cornell University.

Helen QuinnExecutive Vice President, US Consumer Floral Helen Quinn was appointed Executive Vice President, US Consumer Floral in July 2016, overseeing our U.S. Consumer Floral brands, FTD.com and ProFlowers. Ms. Quinn is a member of the Office of the CEO. She also has responsibility for our Consumer Marketing function, leveraging her experience in brand development, product innovation, quality management and enhancing the consumer experience.  Ms. Quinn has served as Commercial Director for Interflora business in the United Kingdom since 2005.  Ms. Quinn brings over 30 years' experience in merchandising, marketing and product development, including leadership positions with Virginware and Manchester United.  Ms. Quinn holds a diploma from Manchester Metropolitan University.

Jeffrey D. T. SevertsExecutive Vice President and Chief Marketing OfficerJeffrey D. T. Severts was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for FTD Companies, Inc. in July 2017.  Jeff is a veteran marketer with experience across industries, geographies, and channels.  Prior to joining FTD, Jeff served as CEO of Ventris LLC, a boutique consulting agency he founded in 2014, specializing in marketing strategy and customer data analytics.  From 2012 to 2014, Jeff served as the Senior Vice President of Marketing at Ulta Beauty, a high-growth, $5 billion beauty retailer with over 990 stores across the United States.  At Ulta Beauty, Jeff helped drive the company's dramatic growth through innovative digital marketing campaigns, enhanced CRM efforts, and a new national loyalty program.  From 2010 to 2012, Jeff was the Chief Marketing and Services Officers for Best Buy Europe where he worked to revitalize the Carphone Warehouse brand and store experience. From 2001 to 2010, Jeff held various roles at Best Buy including Vice President and General Manager of Geek Squad and Vice President of Consumer and Brand Marketing. Prior to his roles at Best Buy, Jeff served as Vice President of Marketing and Product Management for Techies.com from 1999 to 2001 and held various marketing roles at General Mills, Inc. from 1992 to 1999.Jeff holds a Bachelor of Arts from Carleton College and a Master's in Business Administration with High Distinction from Harvard Business School.

Scott D. LevinExecutive Vice President, General Counsel and SecretaryScott D. Levin has been our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since September 2013 and was appointed Secretary on November 1, 2013. Mr. Levin is a member of the Office of the CEO. Mr. Levin was the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Coskata, Inc., a renewable fuels and chemicals production company, from 2012 to September 2013. From 2007 to 2012, Mr. Levin was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Morton's Restaurant Group, Inc., which was a publicly held restaurant holding company during that time. Prior to that, Mr. Levin held General Counsel positions at Torex Retail Americas (a global technology solutions provider) and OurHouse, Inc. (the home improvement e-commerce business for Ace Hardware Corporation). From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Levin served as Vice President and General Counsel of FTD, Inc. Mr. Levin also worked at Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP in New York City where he practiced in the mergers and acquisitions, securities and finance areas. Mr. Levin earned a J.D. from The National Law Center at George Washington University and a Bachelor's degree from Boston College.

Patricia A. CarlSenior Vice President, Human ResourcesPatricia A. Carl is the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and has been with FTD since July 2016.  Ms. Carl brings 20 years of Human Resources leadership experience to FTD.  Prior to joining FTD, Ms. Carl was with Surgical Solutions, LLC as Chief Human Resources Officer since 2015. From 2014 to 2015 Ms. Carl served as the Chief Human Resources Officer for Meritas, LLC. Prior to Meritas, Ms. Carl worked for Career Education Corporation, serving in various Human Resources leadership roles from 2009 until 2014.  In addition, Ms. Carl held Human Resource leadership roles at H&R Block, Inc. for 4 years and at Triton College for 5 years. Ms. Carl possesses a Bachelor of Arts degree in Interdisciplinary Studies from the University of Missouri and a Master's degree from the School of Social Work and Social Policy at the University of Pennsylvania.

Jay TopperExecutive Vice President, Technology and Customer Experience ManagementJay Topper joined FTD as Executive Vice President, Technology and Customer Experience Management in October 2016.  Previously, he served as the Chief Information Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Customer Services for VitaCost.com, a subsidiary of the Kroger Company.  Under Mr. Topper's leadership, Vitacost.com was the #1 e-retailer among websites selling health and beauty products in 2013, and earned the #2 spot in customer satisfaction - second only to Amazon.com - according to the ForeSee Experience Index.  Prior to Vitacost.com, he served as SVP, Customer Success and Chief Information Officer for Rosetta Stone, Inc.  During his tenure, the company earned back-to-back Stevie Awards in 2011 and 2012 for innovation in customer service.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Topper held various progressive leadership roles in technology and operations, and was a Commissioned Officer in the US Coast Guard.  He earned a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the US Coast Guard Academy and his Master of Science in Telecommunications and Information Management from the Polytechnic Institute of NYU.

Dale PerrottExecutive Vice President, Supply Chain OperationsDale Perrott joined FTD as Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Operations in September 2016.  Previously, Mr. Perrott served as Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, Americas at Starbucks Coffee Company and served in various other operations leadership roles in his 11 years at the company during its years of key expansion.  He served on the Americas Senior Leadership team where he was accountable for supply chain operations serving all retail stores in North, South and Central America, and the Caribbean. Prior to joining Starbucks, he led supply chain efforts both domestically and abroad for the Quaker Oats Company, supporting the international expansion of the Gatorade brand.   Before holding corporate roles, Mr. Perrott consulted for Ernst & Young/Capgemini, directing business transformation and implementation of optimization solutions in demand, supply, transportation and pricing for Fortune 500 companies. He possesses a Bachelor's degree in Transportation/Logistics from Iowa State University and the International Logistics Certification from University of Tennessee-Knoxville.














 

FTD Companies | Investor Relations | Investor Overview





































































 

 

















Investor Overview




















Who We Are
FTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. We provide floral, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations primarily in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and the Republic of Ireland.
Learn more






NASDAQ | FTD
$19.27
 0.34 (1.734%)


High
19.99


Low
19.27


Volume
31,374


Market Cap
528.58M

Jul 28, 2017 3:09 PM ET
Pricing provided by eSignalDelayed 20 minutes











Latest News
FTD Companies, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Results on Tuesday, August 8, 2017
Jul 18, 2017
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., July  18, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FTD Companies, Inc. (Nasdaq:FTD) ("FTD" or the "Company"), a premier floral and gifting compa...

Read more

View all 



Recent Events
FTD Companies, Inc.Second Quarter 2017 Earnings  Results
Aug 8, 2017 at 5:00 PM ET

Listen to event
View All Events



Investor Presentations
There are currently no presentations available.




Investor Resources

Recent Fillings





                                    initial statement of bene 
                                

                            - Jul 17, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jul 7, 2017





                                    current report 
                                

                            - Jun 9, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jun 8, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jun 8, 2017




Useful Links

Press Releases
Events & Presentations 
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Stock Information





Shareholder Tools

Shareholder Briefcase
Printed Materials
Email Alerts
Download Library
Snapshot
RSS










































 



FTD Companies | Contact











































 

			

 

















Contact Us













Headquarters

3113 Woodcreek Drive
Downers Grove, IL 60515, USA
630.719.7800



Other Locations

San Diego
4830 Eastgate Mall
San Diego, CA 92121, USA
858.729.2800



United Kingdom
Interflora British Unit
Interflora House
Watergate
Sleaford
Lincolnshire
England
NG34 7TB
+44 (0)1529 41 6591



India
FTD India Private Limited
Block D-Wing II, 5th Floor
Cyber Gateway Building
Hitech City, Madhapur Village
Serilingampally
Hyderabad
500081
+91 40 66030303



Investor Inquiries

Katie Turner
646.277.1228
ir@ftdi.com



Press Inquiries

Amy Toosley
858.638.4648
pr@ftdi.com



Interflora Press Inquiries

0800 542 1891
press.enquiries@interflora.co.uk


 
 






FTD Companies Headquarters









Contact the FTD Companies Family of Brands:
For product inquiries, order tracking, customer care questions, or to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please visit customer service for the brand of your order:

FTD.com: www.ftd.com/custserv/  |  (800) SEND-FTD
ProFlowers: www.proflowers.com/customerservice  |  (800) 580-2913
Personal Creations: www.personalcreations.com/ContactUs  |  (888) 741-0508
Shari's Berries: www.berries.com/ContactUs  |  (877) 237-7437




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














 







 Product Owner-Technology and Customer Experience (FTD COMPANIES INC.) Downers Grove, IL
 



   
  












  









 







      Skip to Main Content









Menu



 








        Product Owner-Technology and Customer Experience      


 
FTD Companies Inc. 
in


Downers Grove, IL 60515




Last online 8 hours ago





Benefits Offered

                Dental, Life, 401K, Medical, Vision
              


Employment Type
Full-Time



Job Title: Product OwnerDepartment: Technology & Customer ExperienceReports to: Director of Product ManagementProduct OwnerBe an Effective LiaisonWhy is our Product Management team the next step for you?At FTD we continually evolve the business--hyper-focused on customer experience! We have and are advancing a culture where solutions from the technology group will help transform our lines of business through customer-meaningful solutions, innovative technologies and business-impacting projects. We are investing in technology and building a culture of fun, exciting transformational change!We are seeking agile roadmap drivers! As a Product Owner, you will be the primary interface between the users of customer facing, business critical applications, which involves active engagement in producing the vision and roadmap for this product. This highly visible position reports to the Product Management Director and will also work alongside other Product Owners / Product Managers--and of course work hand in hand with our engineers.How You Will Contribute:Collaborate with stakeholders to prioritize voice of the customer into the product backlog. Understand the competitive landscape for your "product" and help suggest / stimulate / drive innovation.Own the product backlog list.Write clear user stories and acceptance criteria ensuring your Agile Team has thorough understanding.Prioritize work based on project needs, task dependencies, team capacities and schedules.Conduct impact analysis as requirements emerge, communicate progress and concerns amongst product/project stakeholders to accomplish organization objectives. While in IT you are a neutral shared service.Attend all required Scrum meetings including: daily stand-ups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, sprint review--inspect, accept or reject completed work.Collaborate closely with developers during sprints. Clarify requirements and make timely decisions on execution detailsWork with other Product Owners to ensure dependencies are prioritized appropriately across teams What we offer:An environment of positive change--where you can truly make a differenceThe blending of cultures across multiple cities and 3 continents where you can be part of helping shape our futureLines of business and a technology organization ready to embrace your role and the business value it bringsA "flat" organization where you will spend time with business leaders, managers, developers, scrum masters, product management and executive leadership. You are empowered not just to consolidate ideas, but offer them and stimulate an environment where no bad idea is bad.The ability to take calculated risks. Test & learn. Fail fast.Career opportunities! Those that have positive impact, with a positive approach, have a very bright future as we change, grow, expand and explore new and exciting experiences for our global customer base.A business that helps change people's lives 1000's of times every day across the world. Our drive is to inspire, support, and delight our customers when expressing life's most important sentiments in the form of fresh flowers, personalized gifts and delicious gourmet foods.A cool location located in Downers Grove near several suburbs with old town charm within striking distance of Chicago.Good pay with good benefits--and a culture that will reward superior performance.The ability and opportunity to learn and grow.What we Seek:3+ years of working knowledge of web and ecommerce development best practices--or at the very least a high-transactional customer-facing environment.Hands-on experience in working in an agile environment, including a strong working knowledge of the methodology and iterative developmentStrong analytical skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. You are a problem solver. You think of ways in, around and through obstacles. How can it be done vs. why it can't.A true collaborator with strong written and oral communication skills.Business acumen--you will be immersed in the lines of business. But also experience being the bridge between business lines and the engineering departments. Open conflict is good--driving to resolution prized.Bachelor's degree in business management, computer science, or equivalent real-world experience.Preferably Agile Product Owner certifiedCome join our team and be part of an exciting transformation! While you are part of the office of technology, you will have a broader impact on the overall growth of the business.Come give FTD a look! This position will be based in Downers Grove, IL. We are an incredibly open and welcoming company--come join our family!FTD Companies is a global premier floral and gifting company with a vision to be the leading and most trusted floral and gifting company in the world. We provide floral, specialty foods, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies in need of floral and gifting solutions.Company DescriptionFTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. Through our diversified family of brands, we provide floral and gift products to consumers primarily in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. We also provide floral products and services to retail florists and other retail locations throughout these same geographies. Our diversified portfolio of brands includes the following trademarks: Interflora, ProFlowers®, Shari's Berries®, Personal Creations, Cherry Moon Farms, Sincerely and Gifts.com.FTD’s mission is to inspire, support and delight our customers when expressing life’s most important sentiments. We strive to be the leading and most trusted floral and gifting company in the world.Privacy PolicyEEO is The Law - click here for more information


About FTD Companies Inc.:
FTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. Through our diversified family of brands, we provide floral and gift products to consumers primarily in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. We also provide floral products and services to retail florists and other retail locations throughout these same geographies. Our diversified portfolio of brands includes the following trademarks: Interflora, Shari's Berries Personal Creations, Cherry Moon Farms, Sincerely and Gifts.com.



Posted date:

            11 days ago
          


 View all Jobs at FTD Companies Inc.







Apply Now
Show Me The Next Match






 Last Step!
Confirm contact information to apply:


                              Apply Now
              
            






Your Name:



Email Address:
















By clicking 'Continue', I agree to the ZipRecruiter Terms of Use and acknowledge I have read the Privacy Policy, and agree to receive email job alerts.












All Jobs




Product Owner Jobs




Product Owner Jobs in Illinois




Product Owner Jobs in Downers Grove, IL



 



























Share this job:





















      Powered by ZipRecruiter - the fastest way to find or post a job.
    


Terms of Use|
Privacy Policy|
Attribution Notices
 

 





























 











 




$58k-$88k Product Owner Jobs in Downers Grove, IL | ZipRecruiter
  
  
  




























      Skip to Job Postings, Search








Menu






Edit Job Search
Close


Product Owner
Downers Grove, Illinois


Search job title or keyword



City, state or zip










Filter
Close



Filter Results
Distance

Anywhere
Within 100 miles
Within 50 miles
Within 25 miles
Within 10 miles
Within 5 miles
Posted Date

Posted anytime
Within 30 days
Within 10 days
Within 5 days
Within 1 day
Job Title


        
                  All Titles
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
              




                All Titles
                
              

                Business Analyst
                (32)


                Product Manager
                (30)


                Inside Sales Representative in Chicago
                (25)


                Outside Sales Representative
                (18)


                General Manager
                (18)


                Sales Representative
                (16)


                Sales Representative in Chicago
                (16)


                Account Representative in Chicago
                (16)


                Department Manager
                (16)


                Sales Rep in Chicago
                (16)


                Entry Level Sales Representative in Chicago
                (16)


                Flatbed and Dry Van OTR Trucking Jobs
                (16)


                Business Development Associate in Chicago
                (16)


                Shift Manager
                (16)


                Insurance Sales Agent
                (15)





Company


        
                  All Companies
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
              




                All Companies
                
              

                Yelp
                (97)


                Oracle
                (59)


                Hilton
                (47)


                McDonald's
                (43)


                Platinum Supplemental Insurance
                (38)


                JPMorgan Chase
                (36)


                The Kraft Heinz Company
                (36)


                Massage Envy
                (34)


                Forward Air Transportation Services
                (34)


                Pep Boys
                (34)


                Domino's Pizza
                (34)


                SenText Solutions
                (30)


                NOW Foods
                (29)


                Boston Market
                (27)


                Wintrust Financial
                (26)












All Jobs




Business Jobs




Product Development Jobs




Product Owner Jobs




Product Owner Jobs in Downers Grove, IL








            4,679+ Product Owner Jobs in Downers Grove, IL
          









Get the newest jobs like these daily:

Enter your email address










By clicking 'Create Alert', I agree to the ZipRecruiter Terms of Use and acknowledge I have read the Privacy Policy, and agree to receive email job alerts.













Product Owner 



HighGround
Chicago, IL



          Business Analyst / Product Owner Responsible for defining, launching, and communicating innovative new product and service offerings. The primary focus is on data and analytics, with support given to ...        






      
        Get the ZipRecruiter App
      
    








Send Link to Mobile
Standard SMS fees may apply











Product Owner, Data and Analytics 



HighGround
Chicago, IL



Product Owner, Data and Analytics The Product Owner of Data and Analytics guides the design, development, and continuous support of key data and reporting functions within the entire HighGround ...        










Product Owner-Technology and Customer Experience 



FTD Companies Inc.
Downers Grove, IL


Last online 8 hours ago



Benefits
401K Vision Dental Medical Life


Type
Full-Time




Product Owner Department: Technology & Customer Experience Reports to: Director of Product Management Product Owner Be an Effective Liaison Why is our Product Management team the next step for you        










eCommerce Product Owner 



FTD Companies Inc.
Downers Grove, IL


Last online 8 hours ago



Benefits
Life Medical Dental Vision 401K


Type
Full-Time




          eCommerce Product Owner Be an Effective Liaison Why is our Product Management team the next step for you? At FTD we continually evolve the business--hyper-focused on customer experience! We have and ...        










Senior Product Owner 



BMW Group
Chicago, IL



          As a Senior Product Owner you will be responsible for product planning and execution throughout the product lifecycle, including: gathering and prioritizing product and customer requirements ...        










Product Manager - Heretik 



1871
Chicago, IL



          You will be working as a product owner working with a co-located engineering team and a passionate installed base of users giving you the runway to grow your skills technically and professionally        










Product Owner - Card Partnerships 



Capital One
Rolling Meadows, IL



Product Owner - Card Partnerships Capital One Partnerships is looking for an experienced and energetic Product Manager to lead a team focused on delivering large transformational projects, new ...        










Manager, Planning Solutions Lead Product Owner 



HAVI Global Solutions
Downers Grove, IL



          Responsibilities The Planning Solutions Product Owner will drive the development of supply chain planning solution capabilities from concept to delivery. This role will be responsible for gathering ...        










Technical Product Owner - Track and Trace (Senior Software Engineer) 



METTLER TOLEDO
Aurora, IL



          Technical Product Owner - Track and Trace (Senior Software Engineer) Publication Date: Mar 13, 2017 Working Place:Aurora, IL Responsibilities: (For METTLER TOLEDO’s CI-Vision division) Define ...        










Product Owner - SurePayroll 



Paychex
Glenview, IL



          The Product Owner - SurePayroll is responsible for the definition of work in the Product backlog and for the prioritization of that work for their assigned team(s)-meaning they are responsible for ...        










Product Owner 



Transunion
Chicago, IL



          Dynamics of the Role The Product owner role in Batch Credit Services has the opportunity to contribute to the development and implementation of new products and capabilities that meet market needs ...        










Product Owner 



CSG Systems Incorporated
Chicago, IL



          12092 Product Owner (Open) Position Type: Full time Location(s): US.IL.Chicago.Office Organization: Ascendon Position Details: Can you turn technical talk into a simple story? Our PO's pave the way ...        










Product Owner 



Collabera
Rolling Meadows, IL



          Basic Qualifications:2-4 years of experience in Agile product management3-5 years of experience translating business strategy and analysis into consumer facing digital productsDigital Product ...        










Product Owner - McKinsey Academy 



McKinsey
Chicago, IL



          University degree * 3+ years' experience in Product Development and Management * Deep knowledge and understanding of Agile best practices * Excellent Presentation and communication skills * Self ...        






Quick Apply



Risk Information Management IT Specialist / Product Manager (17-00001) 



Trillium Solutions Group
Rolling Meadows, IL


Last online 3 hours ago



Benefits
Medical


Type
Contractor




          Serves in product owner role for Agile development, representing interests of RMIS Product Manager * Leveraging deep platform expertise, supports operational team with issue and outage resolution        










Commercial Banking – Vice President – CLASS Product Owner – Wholesale Lending Services - Finance ... 



JPMorgan - Finance and Investment Industry
Chicago, IL



          Commercial Banking Vice President CLASS(Commercial Loan Agreement Servicing System ) Product Owner Wholesale Lending Services JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services ...        










Director, Product Management - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence- Motorola Mobility NEW! 



Lenovo
Chicago, IL



          Able to hire the very best talent. ● Business Owner: Understands the key business drivers and ... Director, Product Management - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence- Motorola Mobility        










Technical Product Manager, Equity Data 



Morningstar
Chicago, IL



          Additionally, since the product owner is responsible for representing the business and user community to the development team, they will need to work closely with the product management team and ...        










Product Manager 



Aetna
Chicago, IL



          Participate in Agile/Scrum development activities as a Product Owner. Responsible for determining and prioritizing enhancements to the product content and methodologies including soliciting feedback ...        










Mobile Digital Product Manager Sr (Technical Product Mgr Sr.) - Norfolk / Atlanta Preferred - 128531 NEW! 



Anthem
Schaumburg, IL



          Act as a product owner and voice of the customer in scrum teams * Prioritizes requirements, defects, and other work items for the technical teams to effectively address program goals * Conduct market ...        












Load More Job Results





 


    We found

    
      4,679
Product Owner
jobs

                  in Downers Grove, Illinois
            

    To get started, enter your email below
  










Email Address:







By clicking the button above, I agree to the ZipRecruiter Terms of Use and acknowledge I have read the Privacy Policy, and agree to receive email job alerts.
















































Ftd Companies, Inc. - FTD - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
19.47


Day Low
19.26


Day High
19.99


52 Wk Low
16.63


52 Wk High
26.19


Avg. Volume
100,330


Market Cap
537.98 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
0.60





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.52


Current Qtr Est
0.52


Current Yr Est
1.05


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC8/8/17


Prior Year EPS
1.63


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)15.00%


Forward PE
18.68


PEG Ratio
1.25













Consumer Discretionary » Consumer Products - Discretionary



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for FTD



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for FTD





Zacks Rank


Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 31%(82 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 44% (9  out of 16) 



Style Scores

A Value | B Growth | D Momentum | A VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for FTD

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




FTD Companies, Inc.
FTD



NutriSystem Inc
NTRI



Barnes & Noble Education, Inc
BNED



Container Store (The)
TCS



Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc.
PBH



Acme United Corporation.
ACU



B&M European Value Retail SA Unsponsored ADR
BMRRY




See all Consumer Products - Discretionary Peers


 




Zacks News for FTD

Bear of the Day: FTD Companies (FTD)
04/13/17-12:00AM EST  Zacks

Company News for March 16, 2017
03/16/17-9:10AM EST  Zacks

FTD: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

New Strong Sell Stocks for January 23rd
01/23/17-6:51AM EST  Zacks

Can Central Garden & Pet (CENT) Keep its Bull Run Alive?
12/27/16-8:32AM EST  Zacks

5 Low Price-to-Book Value Stocks for Great Returns
12/20/16-6:21AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
FTD Companies, Inc. operates as a floral and gifting company. The Company provides floral, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations primarily in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and the Republic of Ireland. Its portfolio of brands also includes Flying Flowers, Flowers Direct, and Drake Algar in the U.K. FTD Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois.   





 



 

FTD Companies | Investor Relations | Investor Overview





































































 

 

















Investor Overview




















Who We Are
FTD Companies, Inc. is a premier floral and gifting company. We provide floral, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations primarily in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and the Republic of Ireland.
Learn more






NASDAQ | FTD
$19.27
 0.34 (1.734%)


High
19.99


Low
19.27


Volume
31,374


Market Cap
528.58M

Jul 28, 2017 3:09 PM ET
Pricing provided by eSignalDelayed 20 minutes











Latest News
FTD Companies, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Results on Tuesday, August 8, 2017
Jul 18, 2017
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., July  18, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FTD Companies, Inc. (Nasdaq:FTD) ("FTD" or the "Company"), a premier floral and gifting compa...

Read more

View all 



Recent Events
FTD Companies, Inc.Second Quarter 2017 Earnings  Results
Aug 8, 2017 at 5:00 PM ET

Listen to event
View All Events



Investor Presentations
There are currently no presentations available.




Investor Resources

Recent Fillings





                                    initial statement of bene 
                                

                            - Jul 17, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jul 7, 2017





                                    current report 
                                

                            - Jun 9, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jun 8, 2017





                                    statement, of changes of 
                                

                            - Jun 8, 2017




Useful Links

Press Releases
Events & Presentations 
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Stock Information





Shareholder Tools

Shareholder Briefcase
Printed Materials
Email Alerts
Download Library
Snapshot
RSS










































FTD Profile | FTD Companies, Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 34 mins.S&P 5002,470.43-4.99 (-0.20%)Dow 3021,817.12+20.57 (+0.09%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3FTD Companies, Inc. (FTD)NasdaqGS - NasdaqGS Real Time Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist19.21-0.40 (-2.04%)As of  3:19PM EDT. Market open.People also watchKFYHSIIRAILMTEXUNTDSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsFTD Companies, Inc.3113 Woodcreek DriveDowners Grove, IL 60515United States630-719-7800http://www.ftdcompanies.comSector: ServicesIndustry: Specialty Retail, OtherFull Time Employees: 1,528Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Scott D. LevinExec. VP, Gen. Counsel and Sec.563.51kN/A55Mr. Tom D. MoellerHead of Florist Division751.12kN/A53Ms. Helen  QuinnExec. VP of US Consumer Floral411.98kN/A56Mr. John C. WaldenChief Exec. Officer, Pres and DirectorN/AN/A57Mr. Stephen  TuckerChief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Exec. VPN/AN/A50Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionFTD Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a floral and gifting company primarily in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland. The company operates through four segments: Consumer, Provide Commerce, Florist, and International. It provides floral arrangements and plants, gifts, and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies. The company also markets and sells gift items, including gourmet-dipped berries and other specialty foods, personalized gifts, fresh fruit baskets, gift baskets, wine and champagne, jewelry, and spa products, as well as gourmet food products; and provides point-of-sale systems and related technology services to floral network members. FTD Companies, Inc. offers its products under the ProFlowers, ProPlants, Sharis Berries, Personal Creations, Mercury Man logo, FTD, Interflora, RedEnvelope, Flying Flowers, Flowers Direct, Ink Cards, Postagram, and Gifts.com through its Websites, associated mobile sites and applications, and telephone. The company was formerly known as UNOL Intermediate, Inc. FTD Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois.Corporate GovernanceFTD Companies, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 9. The pillar scores are Audit: 10; Board: 3; Shareholder Rights: 8; Compensation: 9.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







Flowers Online | Flower Delivery | Send FTD Flowers, Plants & Gifts





















 



















































 















SIGN IN
				| 
				CUSTOMER SERVICE

















HI  |
				NOT ?|
				MY ACCOUNT|
				CUSTOMER SERVICE







5









HI  |
				MY ACCOUNT|
				NOT ?
				| 
				CUSTOMER SERVICE
























 








































Select Occasion






 







Select Delivery Location
Residence
Business
Funeral
Cemetery
Hospital
Other






 ZIP Lookup 
 


View

Reset












Rose Event ▶
Birthday ▶
Sympathy & Funeral ▶
Get Well ▶
Just Because ▶






 Rose Event 


 50 for $50 Red Roses 


 Back to School


 Just Because
















Same Day Delivery
Best Sellers
Summer Birthdays

Gold Membership
Shop Best Sellers for Flower Delivery Fast



    

Mixed 1 Dozen Long Stem Roses







    

The Precious Heart™ Bouquet by FTD® - VASE INCLUDED







    

The FTD® Birthday Brights™ Bouquet - VASE INCLUDED







    

Sun-Drenched Summer Rose Bouquet - VASE INCLUDED







    

The FTD® Beyond Blue™ Bouquet - VASE INCLUDED







    

Red 1 Dozen Long Stem  Roses







    

The Sunny Sentiments™ Bouquet by FTD® - VASE INCLUDED







    

The FTD® Light of My Life™ Bouquet - VASE INCLUDED







    

The FTD® Sunlit Meadows Bouquet by Better Homes and Gardens® - VASE INCLUDED







    

The Wondrous Nature™ Bouquet by FTD® - BASKET INCLUDED










FTD Promise








		There appears to be an issue with the ZIP Code you entered.
Please ensure that it is correct or use our Zip Code locator.	

























Please wait ...











To order by phone, call 1-800-SEND-FTD (1-800-736-3383)
 







    
                                
 







      

   * Exceptions Apply: All discounts shown.  Discounts and miles or points are not available on: (i) product customizations including vases or product add-ons, (ii) FTD Gold Membership fees, (iii) gift card purchases, (iv) service, delivery or shipping fees and applicable taxes, (v) special collections including Baccarat or other special collections designed by FTD, and (vi) all Gifts under $24.99 or products under $19.99. Discounts cannot be combined.  Same day delivery is available in most locations if order is placed before 2pm in recipient's time zone. Free Shipping includes standard shipping only.  Click here for more information on our delivery policies. Quantities may be limited. Offers may be subject to change without notice.    © 2017. FTD.Com Inc., Downers Grove, IL Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy    
























































not john?


Email address or password was incorrect


Email:



Password:






Trouble Signing In?











 






Please wait while membership information is loading.






Please wait while product is being added to cart


    You are now signed into FTD with Facebook! Gold Members: If you do not see the  icon or your member benefits, please sign out and sign in again with your FTD account. We are currently unable to connect to your Facebook account. Please try again.


















































































































 









	We're Sorry
	
Your browser does not have Javascript enabled. Our site requires javascript to browse our products.


        Please choose one of the following options:
        1) Enable Javascript
        2) Call FTD at 1-800-SEND-FTD (1-800-736-3383) to place your order. 
    








  
		Looks like your browser is a bit outdated.
	


		Thanks for visiting! We want you to have the best possible 
		

		experience using our website. To continue shopping, please 
		

		update your web browser.
		



		Simply choose one of the browsers below, and follow the 
		

		instructions to install the most recent version. Or, you can also 
		

		complete your order by calling 1-800-SEND-FTD (1-800-736-3383)









		Close 
	




