










 




















FTI Consulting Careers | Students | Professionals | Employment






























 



Global



Expand Menu



















FTI Consulting Careers
Welcome to the FTI Consulting Careers site. We're excited that you are exploring employment opportunities with our firm. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Recruitment Fraud Alert – click here for more information.
For application issues, submit your resume to careers@fticonsulting.com and the 5 digit job number.


 Students
  Experienced Professionals 
 













































Leadership | Corporate | Business | FTI Consulting






























 



Global



Expand Menu

















Home
About
Leadership







About




Added To Folio
Add To Folio


	        00
	    




This is your FTI Folio.
Save items to your Folio by clicking on the icon on any page.
Share your Folio items by email.


	        Go To FTI Folio
	    






Leadership


Corporate Leadership




                    Steven H. Gunby
                
President and Chief Executive Officer





                    Ajay Sabherwal
                
Chief Financial Officer





                    Curtis Lu
                
General Counsel





                    Matthew Pachman
                
Vice President, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer





                    Paul Linton
                
Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer





                    Holly Paul
                
Chief Human Resources Officer





                    Jeffrey S. Amling
                
Chief Marketing Officer, Head of Business Development





                    John Klick
                
Senior Vice President





                    Catherine M. Freeman
                
Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer




Business Leadership




                    Michael C. Eisenband
                
Global Co-Leader of Corporate Finance & Restructuring
Corporate Finance




                    Kevin Hewitt
                
Chairman, Europe, Middle East and Africa
Corporate Finance




                    Neal Hochberg
                
Global Segment Leader
Forensic & Litigation Consulting




                    Chris Osborne
                
Global Segment Leader
Economic Consulting




                    Charles D. Overstreet
                
Global Segment Leader
Health Solutions




                    Edward Reilly
                
Global Chief Executive Officer
Strategic Communications




                    Sophie Ross
                
Global Chief Executive Officer
Technology




                    Carlyn R. Taylor
                
Global Co-Leader of Corporate Finance & Restructuring, FTI Industry Initiative Leader
Corporate Finance



Corporate Professionals




                    John A. MacColl
                
Senior Managing Director, Client Engagement and Conflict Resolution





                    Heather Klink
                
Deputy General Counsel





                    Joanne Catanese
                
Associate General Counsel and Secretary





                    Ronald  Reno
                
Vice President and Corporate Treasurer





                    Mollie Hawkes
                
Managing Director, Investor Relations and Communications




 In This Section




What We Do
			






Our Values
			






Newsroom
			






Our History
			






Case Studies
			






Leadership
			






Governance
			






Our Locations
			






More Info


Share this page













				Contact FTI
			

				Let us hear from you. Please find the FTI Consulting location within your region or reach out to one of our professionals.
			

Contact Us




Related Link

Board of Directors






























  FCN:New York Stock Quote - FTI Consulting Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  FTI Consulting Inc   FCN:US   New York        32.80USD   0.83   2.60%     As of 3:09 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   31.93    Day Range   31.78 - 32.80    Volume   255,865    Previous Close   31.97    52Wk Range   31.65 - 47.12    1 Yr Return   -23.61%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   31.93    Day Range   31.78 - 32.80    Volume   255,865    Previous Close   31.97    52Wk Range   31.65 - 47.12    1 Yr Return   -23.61%    YTD Return   -27.24%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   21.53    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.51    Market Cap (b USD)   1.286    Shares Outstanding  (m)   39.543    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.75    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change +0.12%     Industry Commercial & Professional Services   % Price Change +0.02%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6:30 AM   ImmunoGen Reports Recent Progress and Second Quarter 2017 Operating Results     7/27/2017   2017's Second Quarter Goes Down in History: The First Time a U.S. Territory Files for Bankruptcy     7/27/2017   FTI Consulting Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results     7/27/2017   EMCOR Group, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results     7/17/2017   Former FASB Board Member Lawrence W. Smith Joins FTI Consulting     7/14/2017   ImmunoGen Announces Conference Call to Discuss Its Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results     7/13/2017   FTI Consulting Expands Global Risk & Investigations Practice to the Middle East     7/11/2017   FTI Consulting Strengthens Operational Transformation Practice with the  Appointment of Adam Bradley as Senior Managing     7/10/2017   FTI Consulting Strengthens Spain Presence by Adding Juan Rivera  to Strategic Communications Segment     7/7/2017   EANS-DD: Atrium European Real Estate Limited / Notification concerning transactions by persons performing managerial    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   FTI Consulting, Inc. provides corporate finance and restructuring, economic, forensic and litigation, strategic communications, and technology consulting services. The Company offers restructuring, bankruptcy and performance improvement, antitrust, business valuation and intellectual property, forensic accounting, corporate communications, and computer forensics services.    Address  777 South Flagler DriveSuite 1500 West TowerWest Palm Beach, FL 33401United States   Phone  1-561-515-1900   Website   www.fticonsulting.com     Executives Board Members    Steven H Gunby  President/CEO    Ajay Sabherwal  Chief Financial Officer    Holly Paul  Chief Human Resources Officer    Jeffrey S Amling  Chief Marketing Officer/Head:Business    Skip Walter  Chief Product Officer     Show More         

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Our People | Professionals | Leadership | FTI Consulting





























































 



Global



Expand Menu

















Home
Our People







Our People








FTI Consulting – All Professionals

Our professionals are acknowledged leaders in their chosen fields, not only for the level of clarity and understanding that they bring, but for their ability to identify practical, workable answers to complex questions. Viewed in aggregate, FTI Consulting is unmatched in the depth and breadth of expertise we bring to bear on our clients’ behalf.
Browse By Last Name

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



Search by Keyword and / or Filters





Location



Select All
Clear All


Canada



Select All





Alberta





British Columbia





Ontario




United States



Select All





Arizona





California





Colorado





District of Columbia





Florida





Georgia





Illinois





Indiana





Maryland





Massachusetts





New Jersey





New York





North Carolina





Oregon





Pennsylvania





Tennessee





Texas





Virginia





Washington




Latin America



Select All





Argentina





Brazil





Colombia





Mexico




Caribbean



Select All





British Virgin Islands





Cayman Islands




Europe



Select All





Belgium





Denmark





Finland





France





Germany





Ireland





Netherlands





Spain





United Kingdom




Middle East



Select All





Qatar





United Arab Emirates




Africa



South Africa




Asia Pacific



Select All





Australia





China





Hong Kong





India





Indonesia





Japan





Korea





Malaysia





Philippines





Singapore










Expertise



Select All
Clear All


Expertise Category



Select All





Accountant Liability





Accounting & Risk Management





Accounting Advisory





Accounting Restatement





Alternative Dispute Resolution





Anti-money Laundering





Antitrust & Competition Economics





Antitrust Investigations





Asset Tracing & Recovery





Auctions





Auditor Defense





Bankruptcy Process & Contingency Planning





Breach of Contract





Bribery & Corruption Investigations & Compliance





Business Interruption





Business Plan Review





Business Valuation





Cartel Investigations





Center for Healthcare Economics & Policy





Change Management





Claims Management





Class Action





Commercial Damages Analysis





Compliance, Monitorships & Receiverships





Computer Forensics & Investigations





Construction Solutions





Contract Administration & Disputes





Corporate Communications





Corporate Finance





Corporate Fraud & Investigations





Corporate Governance





Corporate Social Responsibility





Cost Optimization





Creative Design





Creative Engagement





Creditor Rights, Relations & Negotiations





Crisis Communications & Preparedness





Cross-border Litigation





Data & Analytics





Data Privacy & Protection





Derivatives Analysis





Design (Print & Online)





Digital Strategy





Disputes





Due Diligence





Econometrics & Statistical Analysis





Economic Consulting





Economics





E-discovery Software & Services





Emerging Markets





Employee Engagement





Employment Litigation





Environmental Claims Analysis





Executive Compensation





Executive Positioning





Expert Testimony





Finance Transformation





Financial Communications





Financial Due Diligence





Financial Investigations





Financial Management Process Improvement





Financial Misstatement Fraud





Financial Planning & Analysis





Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)





Forensic Accounting & Investigations





Forensic Litigation Consulting





Forensic Technology





Fraud Risk





Global Risk & Investigations





Healthcare & Life Sciences





Human Capital Performance





Information Governance





Insurance Claims Analysis





Intellectual Property





Interim Management





International Arbitration





Investigative Due Diligence





Investment Banking & Capital Solutions





Investor Relations





Issues Management





Labor & Employment





Legal Services





Lender Advisory





Liability Estimation





Listing Advisory Services





Litigation Communications





Litigation Support & Analytical Services





Litigation Support & Consulting Services





Managed Review Services





Media & Presentation Training





Media Relations





Mediation





Merger Integration





Mergers & Acquisitions Advisory





Monitor





Network Industry Strategies





OFAC Investigations





Office of the CFO Solutions





Pension Restructuring





Performance Improvement





Petroleum and Chemicals





Post-Acquisition Disputes





Pricing Strategy





Private Equity Advisory





Public Affairs





Public Contracts





Public Policy





Public Relations





Qui Tam





Receivership





Regulated Industries





Regulation and Compliance





Regulatory Investigations





Reputation Management





Restructuring / Turnaround Services





Revenue Enhancement





Risk Management





Risk Management & Internal Controls





Sales & Marketing Effectiveness





Sanctions Investigations & Compliance





SEC Investigations





Securities Litigation & Risk Management





Site Cleanup Cost Allocation





Special Committee Investigations & Advisory





Statistics





Strategic Communications





Strategic Planning and Implementation





Strategy Consulting & Research





Supply Chain Optimization





Tax





Tax Structuring & Tax Advisory Services





Technology





Telecom, Media & Technology (TMT)





Thought Leadership





Transaction Advisory





Treasury





Trial Services





Trustee & Examiner Services





Valuation





White Collar Defense










Industry



Select All
Clear All


Industry Category



Select All





Aerospace & Defense





Agriculture





Automotive





Construction





Diversified Industrials





Energy, Power & Products





Environmental





Financial Institutions





Healthcare & Life Sciences





Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure





Information Technology





Insurance





Mining





Public Sector





Real Estate & Infrastructure





Retail & Consumer Products





Telecom, Media & Technology (TMT)





Transportation







GO





More Info


Share this page






















































About FTI Consulting | Global Business Advisory





























































 



Global



Expand Menu

















Home
About







About




Added To Folio
Add To Folio


	        00
	    




This is your FTI Folio.
Save items to your Folio by clicking on the icon on any page.
Share your Folio items by email.


	        Go To FTI Folio
	    






About

FTI Consulting is an independent global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political & regulatory, reputational and transactional. Individually, each practice is a leader in its specific field, staffed with experts recognized for the depth of their knowledge and a track record of making an impact. Collectively, FTI Consulting offers a comprehensive suite of services designed to assist clients across the business cycle – from proactive risk management to the ability to respond rapidly to unexpected events and dynamic environments.








This video will explore what is unique about FTI Consulting.
Watch Video




Experts with Impact
FTI Consulting possesses four attributes that allow us to meaningfully impact our clients’ most critical and complex changes, risks and disputes.





DEFINITIVE 
EXPERTISE

Our professionals are experts, with extensive, practical experience in applying that expertise to generate a decisive impact.
More



A CULTURE THAT DELIVERS

Our culture and working style reflect a bias for the tangible and a tenacity for solutions that make a meaningful difference.
More

 


COMPREHENSIVE 
SERVICES

Our practices, as standalone offerings and comprehensive solutions, address the many interconnected issues our clients face.
More



INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE

Our industry groups are staffed with seasoned practitioners who possess many years of hands-on management and operational experience in 16 industries.
More






Facts and Figures





                            FCN
                        
NYSE listed



                            $1.9 Billion
                        
Equity Market Capitalization (as of Dec. 31, 2016)

 


                            2 NobelLaureates
                        




                            1982
                        
Year founded



                            4600+
                        
Employees worldwide

 


                            430+
                        
Senior Managing Directors



                            56/100
                        
of Global 100 companies are clients

 


                            Top Ten
                        
Advisor to the world's top 10 bank holding companies



                            97/100
                        
Advisor to 97 of the world’s top 100 law firms



                            80
                        
80 offices in cities around the globe




 In This Section




What We Do
			






Our Values
			






Newsroom
			






Our History
			






Case Studies
			






Leadership
			






Governance
			






Our Locations
			






More Info


Share this page













				Contact FTI
			

				Let us hear from you. Please find the FTI Consulting location within your region or reach out to one of our professionals.
			

Contact Us




Download


FTI Consulting Corporate Brochure


















































FTI Consulting | A Global Consulting Firm | Strategy Consulting





























































 



Global



Expand Menu
























FTI Consulting Acquires CDG Group
News
Adds 19 Professionals, Strengthening Company-Side Restructuring Expertise 
Read Press Release







5 Steps for Weathering Media Storm During Corporate Crisis
FTI Journal Article
In today’s digital age where social media plays a large role in public opinion, CEOs must be strategic in their response to a corporate crisis.
Read Article







Lights, Camera… Brexit?
Article
Does the UK’s vote to go it alone call time on Britain’s position as Europe’s go-to broadcasting hub?
Read Article










FTI Acquires CDG Group










5 Steps for Weathering Media Storm During Corporate Crisis










Lights, Camera… Brexit?


















About FTI. FTI Consulting is an independent global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political & regulatory, reputational and transactional. Individually, each practice is a leader in its specific field, staffed with experts recognized for the depth of their knowledge and a track record of making an impact.
Read More











				What We Do
				


FTI Consulting brings deep expertise, tenacious culture, breadth of services and practical industry experience to have a meaningful impact on the issues you face. More












				Our Impact
				


FTI Consulting has four decades of experience in making an impact on some of the world’s largest and most complex challenges, many of which have dominated global business, financial and public policy discourse. More












				Our Locations
				


FTI Consulting delivers an unmatched combination of breadth and depth of expertise across our worldwide network of more than 4,600 employees located in 28 countries on six continents. More






More Info



		My FTI Folio
		00



			FTI Folio offers a personalized, bundled view of FTI Consulting. Simply browse and click the orange "Add to FTI Folio" button to add content, then email or print these easy-to-share files.
		

More



News & Events


News

FTI Consulting Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
View All News

News

FTI Consulting Launches Specialist Director Support Services in Cayman Islands
View All News

News

FTI Consulting Releases India Disclosure Index 2017
View All News

News

Former FASB Board Member Lawrence W. Smith Joins FTI Consulting
View All News






































 FCN - Stock quote for FTI Consulting Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














FTI Consulting Inc
NYSE: FCN



US Markets Close In33 min










AdChoices








32.82


▲


+0.85
+2.64%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 3:20 PM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
31.93


Previous Close
31.98


Volume (Avg) 
255.86k (357.33k)


Day's Range
31.78-32.80


52Wk Range
31.65-47.12


Market Cap.
1.24B


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
0.29


Shares Outstanding
39.54M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
19.27 (1.66) 









Recent News







FTI Consulting (FCN) Misses Q2 Earnings, Revenues Decline

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
6 hrs ago






FTI Consulting Becomes Oversold (FCN)

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
22 hrs ago






FTI Consulting reports 2Q loss

                            
                            CNBC
                        
1 day ago






FTI Consulting's (FCN) CEO Jim Clemmer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
1 day ago






FTI Consulting misses by $0.12, misses on revenue

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
1 day ago





 
Hogan names Matthew Clark as his chief of staff

                            
                            Washington Post
                        
2 days ago







 
More US-China trade tensions expected after disappointing talks

                            
                            CNBC
                        
7/21/2017





 
SAP names acting executive team, law firm for South Africa probe

                            
                            Reuters
                        
7/17/2017






BRIEF-FTI Consulting says during Q2 ended June 30, continued to evaluate components of its workforce and related expenses

                            
                            Reuters
                        
7/7/2017






FTI Consulting To Release Second Quarter 2017 Results And Host Conference Call

                            
                            The Street
                        
7/5/2017






FTI Consulting Strengthens Economic Consulting Segment With The Appointment Of David Eastwood As Senior Managing Director

                            
                            The Street
                        
7/5/2017






Convergence Investment Partners Has Boosted Fti Consulting (FCN) Holding By $2.62 Million, 4 Analysts Are Bullish Allianz SE (ADR) (AZSEY) Last Week

                            
                            the Bibey Post
                        
1 hr ago







 
Gov. Larry Hogan's chief of staff leaving as former aide returns

                            
                            The Baltimore Sun
                        
1 hr ago






FTI Consulting Posts Q2 Revenue Drop, Loss

                            
                            O'Dwyer's
                        
3 hrs ago






FTI Consulting: how the general counsel can shape information governance

                            
                            chrisdale.wordpress.com
                        
4 hrs ago






FTI Consulting launches specialist director support services in Cayman

                            
                            Opalesque Hedge Fund News
                        
4 hrs ago





 
CalPERS: Investments Up, Governance Down … for the Count

                            
                            City Watch LA
                        
5 hrs ago






BRIEF-FTI Consulting reports Q2 GAAP loss per share $0.13

                            
                            Business Insider
                        
6 hrs ago























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,817.93


+21.38
+0.10%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 3:26 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,370.95




-11.24
-0.18%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,949.06




-14.17
-0.12%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 







Three Retail & Consumer Products Experts Join FTI Consulting in the U.S. and Australia NYSE:FCN












































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Three Retail & Consumer Products Experts Join FTI Consulting in the U.S. and Australia




















May 03, 2017 07:30 ET

 | Source: FTI Consulting, Inc.

photo-release




J.D. Wichser


 

Source: FTI Consulting, Inc.
FTI Consulting, Inc.


Khaled Haram


 

Source: FTI Consulting, Inc
FTI Consulting, Inc.


Kate Warwick


 

Source: FTI Consulting, Inc.
FTI Consulting, Inc.





J.D. Wichser Named U.S. Leader of the Retail & Consumer Products Practice Khaled Haram Brings More Than 25 Years of Global Experience in Consulting and C-Suite Roles Kate Warwick Named Australian Leader of the Retail & Consumer Products Practice  WASHINGTON, May  03, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FTI Consulting, Inc. (NYSE:FCN) today announced the expansion of the firm’s Retail & Consumer Products practice with the addition of three Senior Managing Directors in the United States and Australia. Photos accompanying this announcement are available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/cac00546-3b5d-47f0-a82c-4b0c379b4223http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/37c47acc-c2e0-4138-a713-f3d36af3104dhttp://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/b7639872-4ed5-444a-ab6d-9e91a15cb4b6 J.D. Wichser, who will be based in Chicago, joins from Alvarez & Marsal and will lead FTI Consulting’s U.S. Retail & Consumer Products practice. Khaled Haram joins from PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) and will be based in New York. Kate Warwick, who will be based in Melbourne, Australia, also joins from PwC, where she led the Retail & Consumer focus of that firm’s Australian Deals team nationally. At FTI Consulting, Ms. Warwick will lead the firm’s Australian Retail & Consumer Products practice. “FTI Consulting has had a longstanding commitment to retail and consumer products, and consistent with our commitment to aggressively support our best positions and propositions where we have a right to win, I am thrilled that we have added these talented individuals to our team,” said Steven H. Gunby, President and Chief Executive Officer of FTI Consulting. “J.D., Khaled and Kate bring decades of expertise from across the diverse landscape of retail and consumer-oriented companies, enhancing our strength in the industry and positioning us to assist retailers globally with their complex go-to-market opportunities.”  Mr. Wichser, whose clients have included multibillion-dollar global retailers and consumer-focused businesses, has more than 30 years of experience in both consulting and in the industry as an executive at a leading international big-box retailer. He focuses on retail performance improvement, including supply chain operations, merchandising processes, store operations, field performance and productivity management, e-commerce, IT due diligence and SG&A strategy. He partners with and assists retailers in identifying, evaluating and implementing programs to improve SG&A effectiveness and reduce costs across their operations. As a former retail operator, he provides clients with a broad perspective on approach and problem-solving. Mr. Haram brings more than 25 years of experience, focusing on delivering solutions across the deal continuum, including operational and SG&A due diligence for carve-out transactions, post-merger integration, operating and profitability improvement initiatives and synergy realization projects. He has worked on more than 60 retail and consumer products transactions in the past four years, with values ranging between $200 million and $4 billion. Mr. Haram previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of a mid-market, publicly traded company in the LED lighting industry, as Chief Financial Officer of a $1.3 billion distributor of media and entertainment products and as an executive at one of the world’s leading manufacturers of prestige beauty, skincare, fragrance and hair-care products. Ms. Warwick has more than 20 years of experience in the areas of restructuring and turnaround management, corporate finance and performance improvement. She specializes in advising and working with boards, shareholders, senior management and other stakeholders to maximize value and manage and mitigate risk. Ms. Warwick’s retail and consumer clients include specialty, apparel, footwear, electronics, furniture and food and beverage companies. She has worked with some of Australia’s largest retailers with onshore and offshore operations, as well as with UK operators on complex restructurings and business transformations, supporting these businesses as they transform their business practices, regenerate revenue streams, reduce costs and unlock cash across their operations. “Retailers are facing increased industry disruption, competitive challenges and economic threats around the globe,” said Carlyn Taylor, Global Co-Leader of the Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment at FTI Consulting and the firm’s Industry Initiative leader. “Adding the talents of J.D., Khaled and Kate, in combination with our restructuring heritage and deep enterprise cost reduction and productivity improvement focus, will help our retail and consumer-focused clients immediately unlock transformational value creation opportunities in the current environment and beyond.” Mr. Wichser, Mr. Haram and Ms. Warwick are the latest senior hires for the Retail & Consumer Products practice, which recently added Tim Schleeter as a Managing Director in Chicago. Mr. Schleeter has more than 15 years of experience working with global retailers and consumer products companies, acting as a strategic advisor and consultant as well as serving in interim management positions. About FTI ConsultingFTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political & regulatory, reputational and transactional. With more than 4,700 employees located in 29 countries, FTI Consulting professionals work closely with clients to anticipate, illuminate and overcome complex business challenges and make the most of opportunities. The Company generated $1.81 billion in revenues during fiscal year 2016. For more information, visit www.fticonsulting.com and connect with us on Twitter (@FTIConsulting), Facebook and LinkedIn.  FTI Consulting, Inc. 
1101 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20005 
+1.202.312.9100

Investor Contact: 
Mollie Hawkes
+1.617.747.1791
mollie.hawkes@fticonsulting.com

Media Contact: 
Matthew Bashalany
+1.617.897.1545
matthew.bashalany@fticonsulting.com


Related Articles
other press releases by FTI Consulting, Inc.


FTI Consulting Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
July 27, 2017 07:30


Former FASB Board Member Lawrence W. Smith Joins FTI Consulting
July 17, 2017 07:30


FTI Consulting Expands Global Risk & Investigations Practice to the Middle East
July 13, 2017 04:30


FTI Consulting Strengthens Operational Transformation Practice with the  Appointment of Adam Bradley as Senior Managing Director
July 11, 2017 04:30


FTI Consulting Strengthens Spain Presence by Adding Juan Rivera  to Strategic Communications Segment
July 10, 2017 07:30






214



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

FTI Consulting, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Washington, District of Columbia, UNITED STATES
  http://www.fticonsulting.com/




Contact Data
FTI Consulting, Inc. 
1101 K Street NW 
Washington, DC 20005 
+1.202.312.9100

Investor Contact: 
Mollie Hawkes
+1.617.747.1791
mollie.hawkes@fticonsulting.com

Media Contact: 
Matthew Bashalany
+1.617.897.1545
matthew.bashalany@fticonsulting.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



J.D. Wichser


(PNG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Source: FTI Consulting, Inc.




FTI Consulting, Inc.



Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Khaled Haram


(PNG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Source: FTI Consulting, Inc




FTI Consulting, Inc.



Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Kate Warwick


(PNG - 374 x 800)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Source: FTI Consulting, Inc.




FTI Consulting, Inc.



Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















FTI Consulting, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
RETAIL
Restructuring
CORPORATE FINANCE




Related Links


http://www.fticonsulting.com














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.























Contact Us | Service Offerings | Industry Expertise | FTI Consulting






























 



Global



Expand Menu

















Home
About
Contact Us







Contact Us




                My FTI Folio
            

	        00
	    




This is your FTI Folio.
Save items to your Folio by clicking on the icon on any page.
Share your Folio items by email.


	        Go To FTI Folio
	    









Contact Us

To learn more about our service offerings and industry expertise or to have an FTI Consulting professional contact you directly, please fill out the form below or submit an email.
To submit Request for Proposal (RFP) documents, please  send an email.
For existing clients, please contact an FTI Consulting professional directly. Click here to see the complete list of professionals.
 




*Required Fields








Please make a selection

Please make a selection
Business Capabilities
Request for Proposal
Career Information
Internships/Campus Recruiting
General Inquiries













Select a Service/Industry

Select a Service/Industry










First Name







Last Name







Company







Email







Title





Telephone








Select a Country/Location

Select a Country/Location
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe










Comments








View our online privacy statement








I have reviewed the online privacy statement








By clicking submit you may receive news about FTI Consulting services or invitations to special events. You can withdraw your consent to receive emails from us at any time. Please refer to our privacy policy or contact us for more details.






Submit





Success!Thank you for contacting us!



More Info


Share this page











                Contact
            


General Inquiries 
+1.410.224.8770


Media 
Contact our media relations team by region


Our People 
Find an FTI Consulting Professional


Locations 
Find an office location in your area



































Senior Consultant, Retail & Consumer Products - FTI Consulting Inc Careers


































Settings












				☰
			
















Jobs




Help






























					Senior Consultant, Retail & Consumer Products
				






🔍
						United States , New York, New York
					
▾▸1 additional location


									United States , Illinois, Chicago
								









📁
Finance




📅




Jun 20, 2017 Post Date



📅




170JH Requisition #













						
						

						

						
						
						

						
						
							
							
								Thanks for your interest in the Senior Consultant, Retail & Consumer Products position.
Unfortunately this position has been closed but you can search our 129 open jobs by clicking here.
							
						

						
						
							







































Previous Job Searches











My Profile


Create and manage profiles for future opportunities.
Go to Profile









My Submissions


Track your opportunities.
My Submissions













Similar Listings




Director, Information Technology - Retail & Consumer Products


 United States , New York, New York
📁 Finance


Post Date:
Jul 14, 2017





Consultant, Valuation & Financial Advisory Services


 United States , New York, New York
📁 Finance


Post Date:
Jun 14, 2017





Director, Omni-Channel/Digital Commerce - Retail & Consumer Products


 United States , New York, New York
📁 Finance


Post Date:
Jul 17, 2017





View More Listings


















Jobs




Help




Sitemap





					©  FTI Consulting. All rights reserved.
				










































1
0





















Consumer Products Consulting Services | FTI Consulting






























 



Global



Expand Menu

















Home
Industries
Retail & Consumer Products
Consumer Products







Retail & Consumer Products




Added To Folio
Add To Folio


	        00
	    




This is your FTI Folio.
Save items to your Folio by clicking on the icon on any page.
Share your Folio items by email.


	        Go To FTI Folio
	    









 Consumer Products

 



FTI Journal: Saving The Twinkie
More

Consumer products companies manufacture and market everything from food and beverages to toiletries, cosmetics, and small appliances. Fragile global economic conditions will continue to exert unpredictable changes on consumer products marketing.
In the United States, with economic conditions improving, FTI Consulting is helping consumer products companies enhance performance across a broad range of initiatives. This includes helping clients grow revenues, control costs, better manage cash flow, explore strategic alternatives, mitigate risk, and navigate through an increasingly complex regulatory environment.Our Industry Services
Performance Improvement
Deliver strategies to drive growth, manage expenses, increase revenues, improve operations, and manage ROI… More

Turnaround & Restructuring
Provide management with guidance and a complete suite of services to achieve a successful turnaround/restructuring… More

Operational Risk Management
Align insurance strategies to prevent/mitigate disruptions, prepare for their inevitability, respond/recover quickly… More



More Info


Share this page










Key Contacts


Christa Hart

Senior Managing Director



Keith F. Cooper

Senior Managing Director, Leader of Performance Improvement



Related Pages

Strategic Communications
Interim Management Services
Transaction Services
Merger & Acquisition Integration































	FTI Consulting Expands Retail & Consumer Products Practice - News | ABL Advisor










































                         
                    





FREE MEMBERSHIP Includes 
                                                »
                                        ABL Advisor
                                        eNews + iData Blasts | 
                                            JOIN NOW 





LOGIN






About |
FAQ 
                                            | Contact






                         
                    










                            Serving Asset-Based Lending Decision Makers
                        






















Articles
News 
Blogs
Press Releases












































Home
Sector/Economic Data
Deal Tables 
Directory
Events Calendar
Advertise
Subscribe























































Home / News / Read News

















                    Tweet














Email
                    



 Print 








                Recipient's Email Address(es)
            




                (Separate multiple addresses with a comma)
            



                Your Email Address
            




Send a copy to myself 




                Your Message (optional)
            




Hi, I thought you would be interested in this article from ABL Advisor.










FTI Consulting Expands Retail & Consumer Products Practice



May 04, 2017, 07:19 AM

                    Filed Under: Personnel Announcements




                    Related: Consumer Products, FTI Consulting, Retail









FTI Consulting, Inc. announced the expansion of the firm’s Retail & Consumer Products practice with the addition of three Senior Managing Directors in the United States and Australia. J.D. Wichser, who will be based in Chicago, joins from Alvarez & Marsal and will lead FTI Consulting’s U.S. Retail & Consumer Products practice. Khaled Haram joins from PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) and will be based in New York. Kate Warwick, who will be based in Melbourne, Australia, also joins from PwC, where she led the Retail & Consumer focus of that firm’s Australian Deals team nationally. At FTI Consulting, Warwick will lead the firm’s Australian Retail & Consumer Products practice.  “FTI Consulting has had a longstanding commitment to retail and consumer products, and consistent with our commitment to aggressively support our best positions and propositions where we have a right to win, I am thrilled that we have added these talented individuals to our team,” said Steven H. Gunby, President and Chief Executive Officer of FTI Consulting. “J.D., Khaled and Kate bring decades of expertise from across the diverse landscape of retail and consumer-oriented companies, enhancing our strength in the industry and positioning us to assist retailers globally with their complex go-to-market opportunities.”   Wichser, whose clients have included multibillion-dollar global retailers and consumer-focused businesses, has more than 30 years of experience in both consulting and in the industry as an executive at a leading international big-box retailer. He focuses on retail performance improvement, including supply chain operations, merchandising processes, store operations, field performance and productivity management, e-commerce, IT due diligence and SG&A strategy. He partners with and assists retailers in identifying, evaluating and implementing programs to improve SG&A effectiveness and reduce costs across their operations. As a former retail operator, he provides clients with a broad perspective on approach and problem-solving. Haram brings more than 25 years of experience, focusing on delivering solutions across the deal continuum, including operational and SG&A due diligence for carve-out transactions, post-merger integration, operating and profitability improvement initiatives and synergy realization projects. He has worked on more than 60 retail and consumer products transactions in the past four years, with values ranging between $200 million and $4 billion. Haram previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of a mid-market, publicly traded company in the LED lighting industry, as Chief Financial Officer of a $1.3 billion distributor of media and entertainment products and as an executive at one of the world’s leading manufacturers of prestige beauty, skincare, fragrance and hair-care products. Warwick has more than 20 years of experience in the areas of restructuring and turnaround management, corporate finance and performance improvement. She specializes in advising and working with boards, shareholders, senior management and other stakeholders to maximize value and manage and mitigate risk. Ms. Warwick’s retail and consumer clients include specialty, apparel, footwear, electronics, furniture and food and beverage companies. She has worked with some of Australia’s largest retailers with onshore and offshore operations, as well as with UK operators on complex restructurings and business transformations, supporting these businesses as they transform their business practices, regenerate revenue streams, reduce costs and unlock cash across their operations. “Retailers are facing increased industry disruption, competitive challenges and economic threats around the globe,” said Carlyn Taylor, Global Co-Leader of the Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment at FTI Consulting and the firm’s Industry Initiative leader. “Adding the talents of J.D., Khaled and Kate, in combination with our restructuring heritage and deep enterprise cost reduction and productivity improvement focus, will help our retail and consumer-focused clients immediately unlock transformational value creation opportunities in the current environment and beyond.” Wichser, Haram and Warwick are the latest senior hires for the Retail & Consumer Products practice, which recently added Tim Schleeter as a Managing Director in Chicago. Mr. Schleeter has more than 15 years of experience working with global retailers and consumer products companies, acting as a strategic advisor and consultant as well as serving in interim management positions.  



Today's Other News






                            Return of Private Equity Keeps Global M&A Activity On Track
                        






                            People’s United Bank Hires New SVP, Business Originations 
                        






                            JPMorgan Chase Provides $30MM Credit Facility to Heska Corporation
                        










Most Popular






1
 K1 Sells Chiropractic Software Industry Leader ChiroTouch


                    July 18, 2017, 07:17 AM
                
Filed Under:  Healthcare










2
 Foreign Investors Increasingly Competing for U.S. Middle-Market M&A Deals 


                    July 19, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Mergers & Acquisitions










3
 PNC to Expand Middle Market Banking Business to Three New Cities 


                    July 14, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Corporate Earnings










4
 William Blair Expands Biopharmaceuticals Investment Banking Coverage


                    July 21, 2017, 07:22 AM
                
Filed Under:  Personnel Announcements










5
 Lenders Seek Clarity on Conflicting Rules on CLOs, BDCs


                    July 21, 2017, 08:18 AM
                
Filed Under:  Industry News









View All Most Popular News Stories ››





Week's News







                            Return of Private Equity Keeps Global M&A Activity On Track
                        







                            People’s United Bank Hires New SVP, Business Originations 
                        







                            Former MB Financial SVP joins Gibraltar Business Capital Team
                        







                            Oak Hill Capital Partners to Invest in EPIC Insurance Brokers & Consultants
                        







                            Middle Market Left Largely Unscathed by Retail "Apocalypse"
                        







                            Tiger Group Appoints Managing Director to Commercial & Industrial Division
                        







                            Franklin Capital Names Former Bibby Financial Services MD to Senior Management Team 
                        







                            J.P. Morgan’s Commercial Bank Expands Life Sciences Team
                        







                            NXT Capital Supports River Associates Investments’ & Management’s Acquisition of Premier Parking   
                        







                            Private Equity Giant KKR to Aquire WebMD
                        







Comments From Our Members





    You must be an ABL Advisor member to post comments.
    Login or Join Now.
    































Sector/Economic Data


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Advance Monthly Sales for Retail and Food Services – June 2017
                


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Manufacturing and Trade Inventories and Sales - May 2017
                


view all sector/economic data



Featured Articles


Special Assets: No Longer the Last Stop


                Super G’s Charlie Perer, on why transferring assets rather than...
            

                by Charlie Perer
            

Specialty Finance: Examining Fintechs’ New Approach to Growth


                Monroe Capital’s Aaron Peck highlights how the growth model is...
            

                by Aaron Peck
            


Most Popular | All Articles




















Industry Resources






















Commercial Finance Association



Turnaround ManagementAssociation 


International Factoring Association


Equipment Finance Advisor




















                                    Site Map
Home 
                                    News Articles
Blogs 
                                    Industry Directory 
                                        Industry Data Events
                                            Calendar Deal Tables



                                    ABL Advisor
                                
About The Advisor
FAQ 
                                    Contact Author
                                        Directory Extended Site
                                            Map Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Glossary of Terms



                                    Advisor Members
Manage Profile Advisor Professional Network
Subscribe FREE



                                    Industry Directory
Industry Directory
Get
                                    Your Company Listed Submit
                                        Company News



                                    Advertise
Advertising
                                    Platforms 
                                        Web Site Advertising 
                                            eBlast News Broadcast 
                                                iData Blast Advertising 
                                                    Advertising Specifications

















                                        Copyright © 2012-2017
                                        Equipment Finance Advisor, Inc. All rights reserved. The material on this site may
                                        not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used without written
                                        consent from ABL Advisor, Incorporated.
                                        
                                        ABL Advisor: 975 Mill Road, Suite G, Bryn Mawr, PA 19010 | tel 484.380.3215 | fax
                                        484.636.2508
                                    







































Work at FTI Consulting, Inc. | CareerBuilder
























Skip navigation




















Hello.






Sign in to find your next job.






Post Jobs










Sign In


Sign Up



Home
Add Resume
Browse Jobs
Explore Careers
Search Resources

Looking to Hire?
Post Jobs





Resumes
Cover Letters
Saved & Applied Jobs
Saved Searches
Profile
Sign Out













Search







Location


















FTI Consulting, Inc.



Public





FTI Consulting is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations protect and enhance enterprise value in an increasingly complex legal, regulatory and economic environment. With more than 3,800 employees located in 23 countries, FTI Consulting professionals work closely with clients to anticipate, illuminate, and overcome complex business challenges in areas such as investigations, litigation, mergers and acquisitions, regulatory issues, reputation management and restructuring.





Benefits
FTI offers comprehensive benefits packages to all full-time and part-time employees working at least 30 hours per week unless otherwise specified.
FTI offers a competitive 401K plan to all eligible employees. New employees are eligible the first day of the quarter following their date of hire. Participants may contribute from 1% to 100% of their compensation on a pretax basis. FTI will match contributions equal to 50% of the employee's salary contribution up to 6%. All contributions are 100% vested.
Employee contribution - 4%, 6%
Employer contribution - 2%, 3%
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Employee's scheduled to work 20+ hours per week are eligible to participate in the employee stock purchase plan. Employees may join prior to the January 1 or July 1 offering period following their date of hire. Participants may contribute through payroll deduction, up to 15% of their compensation on an after-tax basis to purchase FTI common stock at 85% of fair market value.
Medical Insurance
Employees may elect to enroll in the FTI PPO Medical Plan with Blue Cross Blue Shield. For new FTI hires, enrollment eligibility is the first day of the month following or coinciding with their date of hire. FTI presently subsidizes 70% of medical insurance premium.
Dental Insurance
Employees may elect to enroll in the MetLife PPO Dental Plan. For new hires, enrollment eligibility is the first day of the month following or coinciding with their date of hire. FTI presently subsidizes 70% of dental insurance premium.
Life Insurance and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance
Employee's may elect Basic Life and AD&D insurance at 1.5 times the employee's base salary with a maximum of $300,000 with a 50% cost-shared basis through MetLife. Employees may elect to buy up to an additional 5 times their base salary. All new employees may enroll in the Basic Life/AD&D plan effective the first of the month following or coinciding with their date of hire.
Premium Only Plan (POP)
Employees pay for medical, dental, Basic Life and AD&D insurance premiums on a pretax basis.
Flexible Spending Accounts
Employees may elect to set aside up to $5,000 for dependent care and up to $5,000 for reimbursement of out-of-pocket healthcare expenses per year on a pretax basis.
Short Term Disability Insurance
Short term disability insurance is provided through UNUM Provident and replaces 60% of an employee's weekly income to a maximum benefit of $3,461 per week. FTI presently subsidizes 40% of short term disability insurance premium.
Long Term Disability Insurance
Long term disability insurance is provided by UNUM Provident and replaces 60% of an employee's monthly income to a maximum benefit of $15,000 for salaries up to $300,000 and $25,000 for salaries greater than $300,000 per month. FTI presently a portion of long term disability insurance premium.
Vacation, Sick, and Holiday Leave
Vacation, sick, and holiday leave vary based on each individual's job category, e.g., full-time and part-time employees, salaried versus hourly employees. All full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours per week are eligible for vacation, sick, and holiday leave. Compensation packages for employees paid by chargeable hour take into account vacation, sick, and holiday leave. Leave accruals are prorated for part-time employees.
Military Leave
FTI may augment any military service pay up to the employee's regular salary for a maximum of ten days per calendar year. All full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours per week are eligible for military leave benefits.
Jury Duty Leave
FTI may reimburse the employee for the difference between pay for jury duty and straight-time pay for a maximum two week period. All full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours per week are eligible for jury duty leave benefits.
Workers' Compensation Insurance
Medical expenses and disability income for documented, compensable job-related injuries are provided through St. Paul Insurance by FTI. If you are injured on the job please notify your Supervisor and the Human Resources Department immediately.
Transit and Parking Reimbursement Benefits
FTI offers employee's the opportunity to set aside pre-tax dollars to help pay for eligible work related transit and parking expenses.
Transit Benefit: The annual maximum is $1,260 or $105 per month. Eligible expenses include transit passes, tokens or farecards, train fares and van pooling expenses. The expenses must be related to your job.
Parking Benefit: The annual maximum is $2,460 or $205 per month. Eligible expenses include garage parking, meter parking and parking at a mass transit station. Expenses must be related to your job.





Career Opportunities
FTI Consulting Elects Jorge Celaya Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Will Join Theodore Pincus as co-CFO Until His Retirement in Q3

Baltimore, MD - July 9, 2007

FTI Consulting, Inc. (NYSE: FCN), the global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations protect and enhance their enterprise value, today announced that Jorge A. Celaya has been elected executive vice president and chief financial officer of the company and will act as co-CFO until the retirement of Theodore Pincus in the third quarter of 2007. Upon the retirement of Mr. Pincus, who will remain principal financial officer until that time, Mr. Celaya will be solely responsible for overseeing all of the company's financial and accounting operations. Mr. Pincus will remain available to assist FTI with special projects.

Commenting on Mr. Celaya's appointment, Jack Dunn, FTI's president and chief executive officer, said, “I am excited to welcome Jorge to our senior management team. He has impressive financial experience in the global arena, including extensive hands-on experience in senior financial positions around the world. I am confident FTI will benefit greatly from his expertise as we continue our efforts to embrace global expansion, seize on the abundance of growth opportunities before us and capitalize on the great platform we have built to achieve our enterprise goals.”

Mr. Celaya commented, “I am pleased to be joining this dynamic, industry-leading company. I look forward to supporting FTI's commitment to providing world class problem solving, consulting, technology and communications services to major corporations, financial institutions and law firms throughout the world.”

Prior to joining FTI, Mr. Celaya, 41, served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Sitel Corporation, a $1.2 billion, NYSE-listed company and global provider of BPO services, from 2003 to 2007 when it was merged in a take-private transaction. Prior to that, beginning May 2002, he was chief financial officer of NPTest, Inc., a semiconductor capital equipment company and Schlumberger spin- off. Since 1990, Mr. Celaya was employed by Schlumberger Limited in various operating and corporate financial management positions, including service in both Europe and Latin America. Mr. Celaya holds a bachelor of arts degree in economics and a master of business administration in finance from the University of Texas at Austin.

Mr. Dunn concluded, “Since joining FTI in 1999, Ted Pincus has been a key member of the executive management team. On behalf of all of us at FTI, I'd like to thank him for his dedication, commitment, and significant contributions to our growth and success to date. We wish him well in his retirement, and look forward to continuing to benefit from his experience and expertise on projects as they arise in the future.”





Culture
The environment at FTI is exciting, fast-paced, highly demanding, and entrepreneurial. Our employees pride themselves on being smart, driven, and direct. We value integrity, accountability, quality, the power of teams, and excellence in client service delivery.





Diversity
FTI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. FTI does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability or national origin. Decisions related to employment at FTI are made on the basis of merit, qualification, and business need.





Products
Corporate Finance
Creditor and Lender Services

FTI Capital Advisors, LLC

FTI Palladium Partners (Interim Management)

Equity Sponsor Services

Industries

Practice Specializations

Company Services

Transaction Advisory Services

Corporate Finance Europe

Economic Consulting
FTI Helios


Lexecon


Network Industries Strategies

Forensic and Litigation Consulting


Dispute Advisory Services


Investigations and Forensic Accounting


Trial Services


Industries


Intellectual Property

Strategic Communications

Technology


Application Solutions


Technology Consulting Services













Website
http://www.fticonsulting.com/web/






Recommended Jobs
at FTI Consulting, Inc.




View All FTI Consulting, Inc. Jobs
View All FTI Consulting, Inc. Jobs












FTI Consulting Inc (FCN)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: FTI Consulting Inc (FCN)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FCN on New York Consolidated


				32.50USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.53


					            (+1.66%)
					        






Prev Close

$31.97


Open

$31.93




Day's High

$32.64


Day's Low

$31.78




Volume

137,576


Avg. Vol

326,460




52-wk High

$47.12


52-wk Low

$31.65












					Full Description



FTI Consulting, Inc., incorporated on July 1, 1982, is a business advisory company. The Company operates through five segments: Corporate Finance & Restructuring, Forensic and Litigation Consulting, Economic Consulting, Technology and Strategic Communications. The Company provides advice and services, such as restructuring (including bankruptcy), capital formation and indebtedness, interim business management, performance improvements, forensic accounting and litigation matters, international arbitrations, mergers and acquisitions (M&A), antitrust and competition matters, securities litigation, electronic discovery (or e-discovery), management and retrieval of electronically stored information (ESI), reputation management and strategic communications.Corporate Finance & RestructuringThe Company's Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment focuses on strategic, operational, financial and capital needs of businesses around the world. The Company advises on a range of areas, including restructuring (including bankruptcy), interim management, financings, M&A, post-acquisition integration, valuations, tax issues, as well as finance and operational and performance improvement. It also provides testimony, bankruptcy and insolvency litigation support, and trustee and examiner services. Its Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment offerings include Business Transformation, Turnaround and Restructuring, Interim Management, Transactions, Valuation and Financial Advisory, Dispute Advisory and Tax Services.The Company collaborates with Chief Financial Officers (CFOs) and their finance and accounting organizations and uses engagement tools to provide transformation services, manage risk, deliver business intelligence capabilities, and prepare for and execute events. The Company provides advisory services to companies, creditors and other stakeholders of companies confronting liquidity problems, excessive leverage, underperformance, over-expansion or other business or financial issues. It also performs due diligence reviews and financial statement, cash flow and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) analyses, prepares liquidity forecasts and financial projections, recommends credit alternatives, assists in determining optimal capital structure, monitors portfolios of assets, assesses collateral, provides crisis credit and securitized transaction assistance, negotiates loan covenant waivers and guides debt restructurings. Its services include assessing the short-term and long-term liquidity needs, evaluating operations and the reasonableness of business plans, determining enterprise value, negotiating executable restructuring programs, building a consensus within the creditor group, investigating intercompany transactions and potential fraudulent conveyances, bankruptcy preparation and reporting services, financial analysis in support of petitions and affiliated motions, strategies for monetizing a debtor's assets, the discovery of unidentified assets and liabilities, and expert witness testimony.The Company provides business valuation, intangible asset valuation, financial and strategic analyses, forecasting, strategic alternatives and transaction support services. It also provides transaction opinions (such as fairness, solvency, collateral valuation, intellectual property (IP) and intangible asset valuation opinions). Its financial reporting and tax services include goodwill impairment analyses, portfolio valuations, equity compensation valuations, purchase price allocations, and estate and gift tax analyses and related opinions. It provides independent litigation consulting, including bankruptcy and avoidance litigation and industry-specific civil, commercial and regulatory dispute services. Its bankruptcy and avoidance litigation services include consulting, expert witness and trial services related to preferential payments, solvency and fraudulent conveyances, substantive consolidation, claims litigation, plan feasibility, valuation disputes and board fiduciary assessments. It advises businesses on a range of tax matters ranging from tax transaction support to practice process implementation and structuring. It provides advisory services relating to corporate, partnership, and real estate investment trust (REIT) and real estate tax compliance and reporting, international taxation, debt restructuring, foreign, state and local taxes, research and development, transfer pricing, tax valuation services and value added taxation.Forensic and Litigation ConsultingThe Company's Forensic and Litigation Consulting segment provides law firms, companies, government clients and other interested parties with multidisciplinary, independent dispute advisory, investigations, forensic accounting, business intelligence assessments, data analytics and risk mitigation services, as well as interim management and performance improvement services for its health solutions practice clients. The Company's Forensic and Litigation Consulting segment offerings include Forensic Accounting & Advisory Services, Global Risk and Investigations Practice, Dispute Advisory Services, Intellectual Property, Trial Services, Financial & Enterprise Data Analytics, Compliance, Monitoring & Receivership, Business Insurance Claims, Anti-Corruption Investigations & Compliance, and Health Solutions.The Company assists the United States and multinational clients with responding to allegations involving the propriety of accounting, financial reporting, fraud, regulatory scrutiny and anti-corruption inquiries. It identifies, collects, analyzes and interprets financial and accounting data and information for fraud, accounting, complex financial reporting, audit and special committee investigations. It analyzes issues, identifies options and makes recommendations to respond to financial misstatements, financial restatements and inadequate disclosure allegations, claims, threatened and pending litigation, regulatory inquiries and actions and whistleblower allegations. Its services include white collar defense intelligence and investigations, commercial and financial investigations, business intelligence and investigative due diligence, political risk assessments, business risk assessments, fraud and forensic accounting investigations, computer forensics and electronics evidence, specialized fact-finding, domestic and international arbitration proceedings, asset searching and analysis, IP and branding protection, anti-money laundering consulting, ethics and compliance program design, and transactional due diligence. It provides early case assessment and pre-trial, in-trial and post-trial dispute advisory services, in judicial and a range of alternative dispute resolution and regulatory forums, to help clients assess potential, threatened and pending claims resulting from financial and economic events and transactions, and accounting and professional malpractice allegations.The Company analyzes records and information, including electronic information, to locate assets, trace flows of funds, identify illegal or fraudulent activity, reconstruct events from incomplete and/or corrupt data, uncover vital evidence, quantify damages and prepare for trial or settlement. It provides litigation support and damages quantification, tangible and intangible IP valuation, royalty compliance, licensing and technology, and IP management and commercialization services. Its TrialMax software integrates documents, photographs, animations, deposition videos, audios and demonstrative graphics into a single trial preparation and presentation tool. It delivers strategic business solutions for clients requiring in-depth identification, analysis and preservation of disparate sets of financial, operational and transactional data. It produces detailed visualizations from complex data, to identify abnormalities and share information. It provides full-scale assessments and process improvement and support services for compliance programs, as well as act as independent monitors or in support of trustees, monitors, receivers and examiners. It helps clients mitigate corruption risks and investigate and prevent corruption issues.Economic ConsultingThe Company's Economic Consulting segment provides law firms, companies, government entities and other interested parties with analysis of complex economic issues for use in legal, regulatory and international arbitration proceedings, strategic decision making and public policy debates in the United States and around the world. It helps clients analyze issues, such as the economic impact of deregulation on a particular industry and the amount of damages suffered by a business as a result of a particular event. Its Economic Consulting segment offerings include Antitrust and Competition Economics, Business Valuation, Intellectual Property, International Arbitration, Labor and Employment, Public Policy, Regulated Industries, Securities Litigation and Risk Management, Center for Healthcare Economics and Policy, Network Analysis and Economic Impact Analysis.The Company provides financial, economic and econometric consulting services to assist clients in public policy debates, regulatory proceedings and litigation. It provides business valuation, expert valuation, and expert testimony services relating to traditional commercial disputes and other matters as diverse as transaction pricing and structuring, securities fraud, valuations for financial reporting, tax, regulatory and stakeholder investment compliance, solvency issues, fraudulent transfers, post-acquisition M&A disputes and transactions and disputes between shareholders. It helps clients understand and maximize the value of their intangible business assets. It helps clients navigate each phase of the dispute resolution process. Its services include evaluating claims, identifying and quantifying economic damages, and identifying the approaches to win positive outcomes. It prepares economic and statistical analyses for clients facing disputes relating to wage and hour issues, class action, class certification, lost earnings and discrimination. It advises clients regarding the impact of legislation and political considerations on industries and commercial transactions. Its services include strategic and regulatory planning, program evaluation, regulatory and policy reform, tort liability, forecasting, public private partnerships and public finance.The Company provides economic analysis, econometrics and network modeling to provide information to network and regulated industry participants on the effects of regulations on global business strategies. It provides advice on pricing, valuation, risk management, and strategic and tactical challenges. It also advises clients on the transition of regulated industries to competitive environments. Its services include economic analysis, econometrics and modeling, due diligence and expert testimony. It provides data-driven strategies and solutions based on empirical analyses and modeling to reduce the per capita cost of healthcare, improve the health of populations, and enhance patient experience and access to care. It provides its clients with hindsight, insight and foresight by using its technology and experience to visualize and evaluate relationships and flows between people, groups, markets, organizations, infrastructure, information technology (IT) systems, biological systems and other interconnected entities in order to understand interconnected data. It applies both market and macroeconomic models across a range of industries to analyze how markets and the economy react to changes in public policy and investments.TechnologyThe Company's Technology segment provides a portfolio of information governance and e-discovery software, services and consulting support to companies, law firms, courts and government agencies. Its Ringtail suite of software and services helps clients locate, review and produce ESI, including e-mail, computer files, voicemail, instant messaging, and cloud and social media stored data. Its Technology segment offerings include Ringtail E-Discovery Software, E-Discovery Management, Managed Document Review, Collections and Computer Forensics, Information Governance and Compliance, and FTI Investigations. Its Ringtail software product is an e-discovery and document review software platform designed to help law firms and corporate legal teams manage the complexity and scope of investigations and litigation for a predictable cost. Its Ringtail audio discovery service transforms audio files to reviewable, redactable and searchable files that can be analyzed and produced alongside other ESI. It offers Acuity, a managed review offering designed to optimize the speed of document review and reduce the cost and complexity of e-discovery at a single, predictable price. It provides both proactive and reactive support using expert services, methodologies and tools that help companies and their legal advisors understand technology-dependent issues. It also offers services to reconstruct data that has been deleted, misplaced or damaged. It consults on a range of legal, regulatory and investigative situations, and its discovery project capabilities span a spectrum of size and complexity. Its FTI Investigate offering helps organizations manage investigations, whistleblower allegations, corporate due diligence, and financial fraud, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other types of investigations.Strategic CommunicationsThe Company's Strategic Communications segment designs and executes communications strategies for management teams and boards of directors to help them seize opportunities, manage financial, regulatory and reputational challenges, navigate market disruptions, articulate their brand, stake a competitive position, and preserve and grow their operations. Its Strategic Communications segment offerings include M&A Crisis Communications and Special Situations, Capital Markets Communications, Corporate Reputation, Public Affairs & Government Relations, Employee Engagement & Change Communications, Digital & Creative Communications, and Strategy Consulting & Research. It specializes in advising clients on their communications to investors and other audiences to help them protect their business, brand and market positions, and achieve fair valuations in capital markets. It assists companies in delivering a narrative communicating pivotal events to investors and the investment community. Its services include crisis and issues management, reputational risk advisory, stakeholder identification, mapping and engagement, messaging and organization positioning, thought leadership consultancy, corporate social responsibility, strategic media relations, employee communications, engagement and change communications, media and presentation coaching, qualitative and quantitative research, sponsorship consultancy, and launch and event management. It advises business leaders and organizations around the world on how to manage relationships and communicate with governments, politicians and policymakers and respond to new regulation and regulatory changes. It helps clients plan, design and implement internal communications and programs to increase employee engagement and understanding. It collaborates with clients to conceive and produce integrated design, content and digital strategies across all media and markets to advance business objectives with stakeholders and the media. Its research services include reputation benchmarking, peer analysis, benchmarking and financial market valuations, brand awareness studies and brand extension audits, including customer focus groups, shareholder analysis and investor targeting, consumer trend analysis, public opinion polling and policymaker perception audits.

» Full Overview of FCN







					Company Address



FTI Consulting Inc
1101 K St NW Ste B100WASHINGTON   DC   20005-4264
P: +1202.3129100F: +1561.5151990







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Gerard Holthaus

499,968




							 Steven Gunby

5,977,360




							 Ajay Sabherwal

1,613,870




							 Holly Paul

1,932,960




							 Catherine Freeman

1,009,320




» More Officers & Directors





					FTI Consulting Inc News




BRIEF-FTI Consulting reports Q2 GAAP loss per share $0.13

Jul 27 2017 
BRIEF-Navidea says on June 26, co and FTI Consulting entered into settlement agreement

Jun 29 2017 
MOVES-FTI Capital appoints CEO and managing directors

May 22 2017 
BRIEF-FTI Consulting says board has authorized $100 million in share buyback

May 19 2017 
Aramco splits IPO advisory roles, appoints Brunswick

May 05 2017 


» More FCN  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services




















