


FULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTD (199102328R) - Singapore Business Directory























FULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTD


Registration No.: 199102328RFULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTD is a business incorporated on 18 May 1991 (Saturday) in Singapore and as of 18 May 1991 (Saturday) is a live exempt private company limited by shares. This exempt private company limited by shares has been operating for 26 years 72 days. Their principal activity is other holding companies. It's registered address is at the THE ATRIUM @ ORCHARD building. 









CompaniesTHE ATRIUM @ ORCHARDFFULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTDRegistration No.199102328RNameFULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTDDate Incorporation / Registration18 May 1991 (Saturday)Registration TypeEXEMPT PRIVATE COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARESStatusLive Company as on 18 May 1991 (Saturday)Principal Business ActivityOTHER HOLDING COMPANIESSecondary Business ActivityBANK/FINANCIAL HOLDING COMPANIESRegistered Address60B ORCHARD ROAD
#06-18
ATRIUM @ ORCHARD, THE
SINGAPORE  (238891) 








 





SIMILIAR NAMEFULLERTON FUND MANAGEMENT COMPANY LTD.  60B ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238891) www.fullertonfund.com    Phone: +65-68286828, +65-68286100FULLERTON COMPANY  10 COLLYER QUAY, SINGAPORE (049315)FULLERTON CHINA MARKETING PTE. LTD.  1 CLAYMORE DRIVE, SINGAPORE (229594)FULLERTON PARTNERS PRIVATE LIMITED  30 RAFFLES PLACE, SINGAPORE (048622)FULLERTON HEALTH FOUNDATION LIMITED  108 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068900)FULLERTON HEALTH PTE. LTD.  108 ROBINSON ROAD, SINGAPORE (068900)



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.



 EXPLOREANCELL ENTERPRISE PTE LTD  12 ARUMUGAM ROAD, SINGAPORE (409958)DEMPSY COMMODITIES HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  3 PHILLIP STREET, SINGAPORE (048693) RECENTLY VIEWEDJOBANDSHOP PTE. LTD.  331 ANG MO KIO AVENUE 1, SINGAPORE (560331) Phone: +65-64817429TRADEPAC EXPORTS  8 UBI ROAD 2, SINGAPORE (408538) www.tradepacexports.com    Phone: +65-66365424DRYCLEAN 21 PTE LTD  10 WOODLANDS WALK, SINGAPORE (738396)EEZZ SCREEN & PRINTING SERVICES  26 WARINGIN PARK, SINGAPORE (416339)PHIL TECHNICAL SERVICES PTE. LTD.  1 ELIAS GREEN, SINGAPORE (519959)










OTHER HOLDING COMPANIESGLOBAL INTERNATIONAL ENERGY RESOURCES PTE. LTD.  4 LENG KEE ROAD, SINGAPORE (159088)LLS PTE. LTD.  14 SCOTTS ROAD, SINGAPORE (228213)FFMC HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.  60B ORCHARD ROAD, SINGAPORE (238891)TWINTREES MANAGEMENT PTE. LTD.  133 NEW BRIDGE ROAD, SINGAPORE (059413)ROJI INVESTMENTS PRIVATE LIMITED  4 SHENTON WAY, SINGAPORE (068807)GRACE REAL ESTATE LLP  3 LORONG SALLEH, SINGAPORE (416747)























About SGP Business
				SGPBusiness.com is the No. 1 Business and Company Directory in Singapore, a full-service directory portal for business operations and sourcing.
				We provide information update to your listing, including business profile, website, contact details (phone, fax & email address), social media profile, of business or company profile, completely free of any fees or subscription charges.
				Your local business directories!
				
Read More


Business Directories
 Australia Business Directory Canada Business Directory United Kingdom Business Directory Hong Kong Business Directory Malaysia Business Directory Norway Business Directory New Zealand Business Directory 
Data Analytics
Live Entities with Exact Match Name 

Singapore Business Directory is hosted on DigitalOcean.
				


Singapore Company Search




 Search





Quick Links
 Home
				•
				About SGP Business

 Company List

 Browse Categories

 Instagram (@sgpbusiness)

 Our Privacy Policy

 Contact Us
Contact Us
 [email protected]

 

Disclaimer

 All information and any services provided from sgpbusiness.com, its subdomain or all other pages under this domain are on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis without warranties of any kind and are made available for your general information and use only.
					Your use is entirely at your risk, for which SGPBusiness.com shall not be liable whatsoever.
					

					Important Disclaimer: SGPBusiness.com is not part of Singapore Government and/or Accounting And Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA). There is no official partnership being established between ACRA and SGPBusiness.com.
					
					Please contact us, should you discover any error or discrepancy. A correction will be made.
				


Copyright © 2015, 2016, 2017 - SGPBusiness.com

 























 






Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd @ The Atrium @ Orchard



 








































It
'
s more than just a location search
.









 Find Businesses
Find Addresses
Find Bus Info
Get Direction









Company Names: 
                                                                                        Alpha Dental, 
                                                                                        Maxi Cash, 
                                                                                        Raffles Medical, 
                                                                                        Class Auto


Product & Services: 
                                                                                        Beauty Salons, 
                                                                                        Car Repairs, 
                                                                                        Tyre Replacement, 
                                                                                        Gold Jewellery, 
                                                                                        LED Lighting


Products & Services in an Area: 
                                                                                        Lawyers in Orchard, 
                                                                                        Hair Salons in Bedok


Search Company Names by Tel Number: 
                                                                                        64744005, 
                                                                                        +6564744005






Building Names: 
                                                                                        Wisma Atria, 
                                                                                        Marina Bay Sands, 
                                                                                        Sentosa Cove


District & Island: 
                                                                                        Bedok, 
                                                                                        Jurong, 
                                                                                        Changi, 
                                                                                        Chinatown, 
                                                                                        Sentosa, 
                                                                                        Kusu Islands


Street Names: 
                                                                                        Tanglin Road, 
                                                                                        313@Somerset, 
                                                                                        201 Victoria Street


Landmarks: 
                                                                                        ERP Gantry, 
                                                                                        Mosque, 
                                                                                        Expressway Exits, 
                                                                                        Merlion






Bus Service No: 
                                                                                        14, 
                                                                                        Bus Number 12


Bus Stop: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop B90011, 
                                                                                        Bus B20341


Bus Stop Near: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop Near Jurong MRT, 
                                                                                        Bus Stop @ Jurong Library






                                             
                                                                                        Add "to" after your address to display Directions for A to Be.g 159556 to 238869 or 159556 to Jurong MRT 








 


Try to Search

 



Addresse.g                                        
                            Sim Lim Square                        ,                                            
                            248649                          

Product & Servicee.gAccountants, Hair Salons, Massage 

Business Namese.g                                        
                            Avis Car Rental                        ,                                            
                            Raffles Medical                          

Directionse.g                                        
                            Wheelock to Jurong MRT                        ,                                            
                            Bus No 14                          

Populare.g                                        
                            Permanent Hair Removal                        ,                                            
                            Folding Bicycles                        ,                                            
                            Laptop Bags                          









Search for any Business, Industry, Address, Phone, or Bus No. here!




eg. Accountants or Hair Salons or Massage 












My Account



 


company_detail
business
-ddheader








































































































































































Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd
















                                                    6828 6828                                                






													Address
												
The Atrium @ Orchard #06-18, 60B Orchard Road, (S)238891 



















Home





Enquiry





Map





Tips



 















About Us

Edit



                                                                        N.A                                    






Map

Edit Address
















»


Address

The Atrium @ Orchard #06-18, 60B Orchard Road, (S)238891 










You might like this

What's This?








Bank


Investments


Security Broker




















 



 












5,576 people spotted Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd.



Phiten



Sai



Apri



Tan



Rachmat



Jose



Hary



Mely





If you are the owner of this venture, 
to claim this listing.





				Advertise on Streetdirectory Business Pages and
				Drive more traffic to your Business! From $2 a day. more info


^  
















Company Information - Fullerton Fund Management





















Disclaimer


By accessing our site, you are representing and warranting that you are either resident in Singapore or the relevant laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information contained within this site.
Many of the products referred to in this website are restricted funds ("Restricted Funds"), and are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. These Restricted Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public and may only be promoted exclusively to persons who are sufficiently experienced and sophisticated to understand the risks involved in investing in such schemes, and who satisfy certain other criteria. Such persons include persons to whom offer of the Restricted Funds is allowed to be made pursuant to exemption from prospectus requirements under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("Act"), which broadly comprise regulated financial institutions, large pension funds, large corporates, high net worth individuals, sophisticated investors and investment professionals. Any written material issued in connection with the offer of the Restricted Funds is not a prospectus as defined in the Act and accordingly, statutory liability under the Act in relation to the content of the prospectus would not apply. There are significant risks associated with investment in the Restricted Funds outlined on this website. Investment in the Restricted Funds on this website is intended for sophisticated investors who can accept the risks associated with such an investment including a substantial or complete loss of their investment.
The information contained on this website is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy units or shares in Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. ("Fullerton")'s funds in any jurisdiction where such activity is prohibited or not authorised including the United States of America. None of the funds has been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the funds may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States of America or any of its territories or possessions or any area subject to its jurisdiction, or to any United States Person (as defined under the Securities Act). The funds have not been registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").
Fullerton has taken reasonable care to ensure that all the information contained on this website is accurate, secure and up to date, but no representations or warranties are given as to the reliability, accuracy and completeness of the information. The information contained on this website is subject to change without notice. As a result, you should check the accuracy of such information before relying on it. Fullerton accepts no liability for any damage or loss, including loss of profit, whether direct, indirect or consequential in respect of the use of this website or its contents or any subsequent subscription into a Fullerton fund and whether arising as a result of Fullerton's negligence or otherwise.
Nothing contained in this website constitutes investment advice or recommendation in respect of the purchase of or switching of units/shares in the funds and was prepared without regard to the specific objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person who may receive it. Information contained herein should not be relied upon when making investment decisions. You should seek independent legal or tax advice before making any investment decisions. An application for units/shares in the funds must be made on the application form accompanying the prospectus/offering document. A copy of the prospectus or offering document is available and may be obtained from Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd and its appointed distributors. Investors should read the prospectus /offering document before deciding to invest. The value of units/shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise. Past performance figures are not necessarily indicative of future performance of the fund. An investment in the funds is subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. Units/shares in the fund are not obligations of, deposits in, or guaranteed by, Fullerton or any of its affiliates. Fullerton or its affiliates may hold positions in investments described in the website. You should assume that everything provided through, seen or read on the Website is copyrighted or otherwise protected by intellectual property laws, unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the written permission of Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.



Agree
Disagree
























ABOUT US
Company Information
Our Brand
Investment Capabilities
Investment Philosophy and Process
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Shareholder Information
Diversity
Our Accolades








Fullerton Fund Management is an Asian and emerging market specialist, with investment capabilities that span equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives. We were incorporated in Singapore in 2003 and are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings.
Prior to our establishment, Fullerton’s investment team operated as the internal fund management division within Temasek, managing its capital resources since 1989. Today, our clients span government agencies, pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, sovereign wealth and private wealth. With more than 13 years of experience in Asian financial markets, we build on our institutional heritage to provide our clients investment solutions that are long term, research-based and conviction-led.
Headquartered in Singapore, Fullerton also has associated offices in Shanghai, London and Tokyo. Fullerton is licensed under the Securities and Futures Act and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
***
Introduction to Fullerton - Corporate Brochure














































Home - Fullerton Fund Management





















Disclaimer


By accessing our site, you are representing and warranting that you are either resident in Singapore or the relevant laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information contained within this site.
Many of the products referred to in this website are restricted funds ("Restricted Funds"), and are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. These Restricted Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public and may only be promoted exclusively to persons who are sufficiently experienced and sophisticated to understand the risks involved in investing in such schemes, and who satisfy certain other criteria. Such persons include persons to whom offer of the Restricted Funds is allowed to be made pursuant to exemption from prospectus requirements under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("Act"), which broadly comprise regulated financial institutions, large pension funds, large corporates, high net worth individuals, sophisticated investors and investment professionals. Any written material issued in connection with the offer of the Restricted Funds is not a prospectus as defined in the Act and accordingly, statutory liability under the Act in relation to the content of the prospectus would not apply. There are significant risks associated with investment in the Restricted Funds outlined on this website. Investment in the Restricted Funds on this website is intended for sophisticated investors who can accept the risks associated with such an investment including a substantial or complete loss of their investment.
The information contained on this website is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy units or shares in Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. ("Fullerton")'s funds in any jurisdiction where such activity is prohibited or not authorised including the United States of America. None of the funds has been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the funds may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States of America or any of its territories or possessions or any area subject to its jurisdiction, or to any United States Person (as defined under the Securities Act). The funds have not been registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").
Fullerton has taken reasonable care to ensure that all the information contained on this website is accurate, secure and up to date, but no representations or warranties are given as to the reliability, accuracy and completeness of the information. The information contained on this website is subject to change without notice. As a result, you should check the accuracy of such information before relying on it. Fullerton accepts no liability for any damage or loss, including loss of profit, whether direct, indirect or consequential in respect of the use of this website or its contents or any subsequent subscription into a Fullerton fund and whether arising as a result of Fullerton's negligence or otherwise.
Nothing contained in this website constitutes investment advice or recommendation in respect of the purchase of or switching of units/shares in the funds and was prepared without regard to the specific objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular person who may receive it. Information contained herein should not be relied upon when making investment decisions. You should seek independent legal or tax advice before making any investment decisions. An application for units/shares in the funds must be made on the application form accompanying the prospectus/offering document. A copy of the prospectus or offering document is available and may be obtained from Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd and its appointed distributors. Investors should read the prospectus /offering document before deciding to invest. The value of units/shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise. Past performance figures are not necessarily indicative of future performance of the fund. An investment in the funds is subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. Units/shares in the fund are not obligations of, deposits in, or guaranteed by, Fullerton or any of its affiliates. Fullerton or its affiliates may hold positions in investments described in the website. You should assume that everything provided through, seen or read on the Website is copyrighted or otherwise protected by intellectual property laws, unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the written permission of Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.



Agree
Disagree

















China Steps Closer Towards Integration into Global Equities with MSCI Inclusion »







Hedge Fund Solutions Through the Eyes Of An Asian Specialist »







Important: Advisory on employment-related emails and phone calls »

























Fullerton Strengthens Investment Leadership Team
We are pleased to share the appointments of Ken Goh as Head of Equities and Vincent Chan as Co-Head of Multi-Asset. In addition, Ong Guat Cheng has been promoted to Head of Fixed Income. More details on the appointments here.






Risk Regulation Compliance
As a result of the initiatives from the regulators and industry bodies, there has been a positive shift towards asset managers instituting more robust risk management practices and great risk awareness within organisations.
 Read the full interview our Chief Operating Officer recently did with Asia Asset Management here.






2017 Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award Singapore
Fullerton has been honoured with the Best Singapore Dollar Bond (3 Years) Award for Fullerton SGD Income Fund, as well as the Best Asia-Pacific Local Currency Bond (3 Years) Award for the Fullerton Lux Asian Currency Bond Fund. 

Congratulations to our Fixed Income team! More information about the awards here.






We are on LinkedIn!
Did you know Fullerton has a corporate profile on Linkedin? 'Follow' us here to get the latest news and updates.






Investors Choice Awards 2017
                        We are delighted to win the Multi-Manager Fund (Long-term Performance) Award for our Fullerton Absolute Return Asia Prime fund. Congratulations to our Alternatives team!

The Investors Choice Awards honour fund managers that have achieved outstanding risk adjusted absolute returns. Find out more here.
                    















Investment capabilities
                                We understand the markets
                            









Investment process
                                Finding quality within complexity
                            









Find out
                                Fund Prices
                            









Learn more
                                Introduction to Fullerton
                            









Learn more
                                Our awards and accomplishments
                            









Latest market news
                                Updates & Insights
                            


































Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:31 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides investment advisory services. It manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also manages fund of hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe concentrating mainly on Asian markets. For equity component of its portfolio it invests in growth at reasonable price stocks. The firm also invests in fixed income securities, currency and funds of hedge funds. It employs combination of f...
Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides investment advisory services. It manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It also manages fund of hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe concentrating mainly on Asian markets. For equity component of its portfolio it invests in growth at reasonable price stocks. The firm also invests in fixed income securities, currency and funds of hedge funds. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis along with bottom-up and top-down approach to create its portfolios. The firm was founded in 2003 and is based in Singapore. Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Pte) Ltd.
Detailed Description


60B Orchard RoadSuite 06-18 Tower 2The Atrium@OrchardSingapore,  238891SingaporeFounded in 2003



Phone: 65 6828 6828

Fax: 65 6828 6484

www.fullertonfund.com







Key Executives for Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd.




Mr. Ho Tian Yee


      	Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
      








Mr. Jeff Plein


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Fumio Izumi


      	Head of Tokyo Office
      








Mr. Patrick Yeo CFA


      	Chief Investment Officer & Head of Fixed Income
      








Mr. Trevor Chudleigh


      	Head of Business Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd. Key Developments

Fullerton Fund Management Announces Management Changes, Effective July 1, 2017
Jun 21 17
Fullerton Fund Management announced management changes, including naming new heads for various asset classes. Ken Goh, formerly the chief executive of CIMB Principal Asset Management's Singapore office, has been appointed Fullerton's new head of equities. Vincent Chan, previously the Asia head of multi-asset products at Schroders Investment Management, will be co-head of multi-asset. And Ong Guat Cheng, who now manages Fullerton's Asian local currency bond and fixed-income absolute returns strategies, will take on an expanded role as head of fixed income. The three asset class heads will report directly to chief investment officer Patrick Yeo. All three will begin their new roles on July 1, 2017. Goh will lead and manage the equities team, including members in Fullerton's overseas offices. His key focus areas include refining and articulating Fullerton's investment views and equity strategies, as well as to drive solid and consistent investment performance. Chan will lead efforts to enhance and manage the multi-asset investment proposition for clients. Ong, who has been with Fullerton for 14 years, will lead the portfolio managers and analysts in Singapore and China, and have investment oversight of all fixed-income strategies.


Fullerton Fund Management Appoints Patrick Yeo as CIO
Nov 21 16
Fullerton Fund Management announced its appointment of Patrick Yeo as CIO based in Singapore. Yeo will retain his current position as head of fixed income at the firm. His appointment follows the recent exit of Manraj Sekhon. Sekhon was also CEO of the unit. In his expanded role as CIO, Yeo will oversee the investment direction and strategy of all asset classes and investment portfolios at Fullerton. Additionally, he will continue with his fixed income portfolio management responsibilities. As head of fixed income, he is responsible for the management of fixed income portfolios in Asian hard currency bonds, Asian local currency bonds and Singapore dollar bonds. Prior to joining Fullerton, Yeo worked with the Usaha Tegas Group, OCBC Asset Management, Rothschild Asset Management, HSBC and GIC.


Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd Presents at Global Fund Distribution Asia 2015, Oct-20-2015 10:20 AM
Oct 16 15
Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd Presents at Global Fund Distribution Asia 2015, Oct-20-2015 10:20 AM. Venue: InterContinental Grand Stanford Hotel, Hong Kong, Hong Kong. Speakers: Gopi Mirchandani, SVP and Head of Sales Strategy.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4 P Investments Pte Ltd Asia Accelerasia Asia ACH Investments Pte Ltd Asia AddVenture Advisers Asia Aegis Estates Limited Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fullerton Fund Management Company Ltd., please visit www.fullertonfund.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 








































 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 `

 
 



NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited
 | LinkedIn
 



















LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.






Keep up with NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited



Company news
Stay up to date with company news



Job opportunities
Discover new job opportunities



Employee connections
See how you're connected to employees




Join LinkedIn to get the latest news, insights, and opportunities from over 3 million companies. It's free!

 Join LinkedIn
 

Dismiss













 NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited
 


 Investment Management
201-500 employees






Share






 LinkedIn
 


 Twitter
 


 Facebook
 


 Google+
 







2,724 followers
Follow










 Home
 














NAFA is a Non-Banking Finance Company with a license to perform Asset Management Services as per the NBFC Rules, 2003. The main sponsors of NAFA are National Bank of Pakistan and Alexandra Fund Management Pte. Ltd., (a member of Fullerton Fund Management Group, Singapore, which in-turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings, Singapore). NAFA’s main area of business is Investment Management; more specifically floating and managing mutual funds and discretionary management of institutional portfolios.

The Vision

To establish NAFA as a premier Asset Management Company that capitalizes on the technical and institutional strengths of its promoters to consistently offer creative and pioneering domestic and international products to meet varying needs of investors.

Mission Statement

To rank in the top quartile in performance of NAFA mutual funds and portfolios relative to the competition, and to consistently offer superior risk-adjusted returns to investors.

 Values (A, B, C, D and E of NAFA)

Offer investors “best value for money” by following these behaviors and values:

A.  Pro-Active - Introducing pioneering investment products & managing risk
B.  Brain Power- Hiring, training, rewarding & retaining professionals.
C.  Caring for Customers- Understanding investors’ needs, and risk / return profile before offering them “investment solutions”.
D.  Dynamic- Believing in decentralization, Entrepreneurship & continuous improvements.
E.   Ethics- Zero-tolerance policy for unethical behavior.

Joint Venture

National Bank of Pakistan
Alexandra Fund Management Limited



Specialties

 Offer superior risk-adjusted returns to investors.
 



Website

http://www.nafafunds.com



Industry
Investment Management


Type

 Privately Held
 


Headquarters

7th Floor Clifton Diamond Building,
Block No. 4, Scheme No, 5, Clifton,
Karachi,
Sind
74000
Pakistan



Company Size

 201-500 employees
 


Founded
2006




See more


See less



Recent UpdatesNBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited Milestone Achieved; we at NAFA Funds are pleased to announce of SWIFTPAY facility that will enable making upto Rs.15 lacs* payments to our investors within 45 minutes.

*Maximum Limit is Rs.15 Lacs or 80% of investment  balance in a fund whichever is lower. Time may vary in case of unforeseen events or due to other technical reason. This facility will be available from 9:30 am to 4 pm from Monday to Friday.LikeLikeCommentShare1 month agoAdd a comment...NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan V is our latest Shariah compliant active allocation plan, enabling you to invest your funds in a variety of diversified investment channels. Interested in NIAAP-V? Inbox us your contact details or SMS ‘NAFA INVEST’ TO 8080 for details.

Fund category: Shariah Compliant Fund of Fund 

Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds are subject to market risks. The investors are advised in their own interest to carefully read the content of the Offering Document in particular the Investment Policies mentioned in clause 2.2 and Risk Factors mentioned in Clause 2.4 and Warnings in Clause 9 before making any investment decision.LikeLikeCommentShare7 months agoAdd a comment...NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited We have made investment easy for you so you can dedicate your time to things that matter while leaving your investment to us. Inbox us today to connect with our investment advisory professionals or SMS “NAFA INVEST” to 8080 for details.  #SmartWomenInvest #InvestWithNAFA

Disclaimer: All investments in Mutual Funds & Pension Funds are subject to market risks. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of the future results. Please read the Offering Documents of the Fund to understand the investment policies and risks involved.LikeLikeCommentShare8 months agoAdd a comment...






NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited employees










Anosha Monir

Relationship Manager








Shahbaz Umer

SVP-Head of Human Resources








Ali Hassan

Assistant Manager Finance








Ashar Khan

Relationship Manager








Syed Zaheer Abbas

Relationship Manager








Aziz Rauf

Relationship Manager








Taha Javed, CFA

Head of Equities








Tanya Khan

Sr. Manager Brand and Corporate Communication








Nimra Rao

Relationship Manager








Wajahat Khan Ghaznavi

HR Manager






Previous


Next




See how you're connected



























 People Also Viewed
 

















































Be part of the conversation.
Join LinkedIn

 By joining LinkedIn, you agree to LinkedIn's User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy


 Already a member? Sign in



















































 SECGems: Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
17













	 
	
	 60B ORCHARD ROAD #06-18
	 
	  THE ATRIUM@ORCHARD
	
	   SINGAPORE, 
	   U0, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 SINGAPORE
		
	
	   65-6828-6795    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2015-04-16Fullerton Fund Investments Pte Ltd


2014-02-14FULLERTON FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTD2013-01-31








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001568353
Fiscal year end
0313










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 Havelock Fund Investments Pte Ltd (0001568352) 


3




 Temasek Holdings Private Ltd (0001021944) 


3











All related persons/companies# Filings





 HAVELOCK FUND INVESTMENTS PTE LTD (0001568352) 


3




 TEMASEK HOLDINGS (PRIVATE) LTD (0001021944) 


1




 TEMASEK HOLDINGS LTD


3




 Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited


1




 Temasek Holdings (Private) Ltd (0001021944) 


13




 Virtu Financial, Inc. (0001592386) 


3







 








db
 
 











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited | A Subsidiary of National Bank of Pakistan - List of Associated Companies









































NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited | A Subsidiary of National Bank of Pakistan - Your Investments and NAFA grow together.  
 






Home




Distribution Center




Staff Email




Site Map














Home




About Us




Company




Sponsors




Directors




Management




Senior Management




Fund Managers






Company Information




List of Associated Companies






Our Products




Our Funds




Money Market Funds




Shariah Compliant Funds




Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Balanced Funds




Equity Funds




Fund of Funds




Shariah Compliant Capital Protected Fund




Pension Funds






Daily Prices (NAV)




Current NAV




Historical NAV






Savings Plan




NAFA Capital Protected Strategy






Knowledge Center




Investment Outlook




Capital Market Review




How to Invest in NAFA Funds/Plans?




How to Invest in NAFA Pension Funds?




Frequently Asked Questions NAFA Funds / Plans




Frequently Asked Questions Voluntary Pension Schemes




Tax Credit on Investment in Mutual Funds / Pension Fund




Mutual Fund - Section 62. of Income Tax Ordinance 2001




Pension Fund - Section 63. of Income Tax Ordinance 2001






Fatwa for Shariah Compliant Funds




Investment Style




NAFA Visa Debit Card




Tools




Tax Rebate Calculator




Periodic Payment Calculator




Future Value Calculator




Present Value Calculator




VPS Simulator




Risk Profiling Questionnaire




VPS Risk Profiling Questionnaire




Retirement Calculator






NAFA ClickPAY






Literature & Forms




Forms




Fund Managers Reports




NAFA Asset Allocation Fund




NAFA Riba Free Savings Fund




NAFA Savings Plus Fund




NAFA Government Securities Liquid Fund




NAFA Income Fund




NAFA Islamic Asset Allocation Fund




NAFA Islamic Income Fund (Formerly; NAFA Islamic Aggressive Income Fund)




NAFA Multi Asset Fund




NAFA Stock Fund




NAFA Income Opportunity Fund




NAFA Financial Sector Income Fund




NAFA Money Market Fund




NAFA Pension Fund




NAFA Islamic Pension Fund




NAFA Islamic Principal Protected Fund - I




NAFA Islamic Principal Protected Fund - II




NAFA Government Securuties Savings Fund




NAFA Islamic Principal Preservation Fund




NAFA Islamic Stock Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - I




NAFA Active Allocation Riba Free Savings Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Equity Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - II




NAFA Islamic Energy Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - III




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - IV




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - V




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - VI




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Plan - VII






Offering Documents




Financial Reports




NAFA Asset Allocation Fund




NAFA Riba Free Savings Fund




NAFA Savings Plus Fund




NAFA Government Securities Liquid Fund




NAFA Income Fund




NAFA Islamic Asset Allocation Fund




NAFA Islamic Income Fund (Formerly; NAFA Islamic Aggressive Income Fund)




NAFA Multi Asset Fund




NAFA Stock Fund




NAFA Islamic Principal Protected Fund - I




NAFA Income Opportunity Fund




NAFA Financial Sector Income Fund




NAFA Money Market Fund




NAFA Pension Fund




NAFA Islamic Pension Fund




NAFA Islamic Principal Protected Fund - II




NAFA Government Securuties Savings Fund




NAFA Islamic Principal Preservation Fund




NAFA Islamic Stock Fund




NAFA Active Allocation Riba Free Savings Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Equity Fund




NAFA Islamic Active Allocation Fund - I




NAFA Islamic Energy Fund






Brochures




Product Brochures






Compliance Certificate under SRO 634(I)/2014




Compliance Certificate - Annual Accounts 2016






Expense Ratio of NAFA Funds




GIPS Compliant Presentation




Trust Deeds




News Archive




Policies






Media Center




NAFA Islamic Funds (Corporate Video)




NAFA Video FMR




Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CEO, NAFA by Real Vision TV




Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CFA at Business Plus




Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CFA at Dawn Newspaper




My Life Story




Dawn Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CFA




Article by Dr. Amjad Waheed in DAWN Newspaper




Is Economy Healing? An Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CEO NAFA FUNDS, by Business Plus Channel




“NAFA Funds – exploring a new possibility” An interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CEO NAFA FUNDS




Investing in NAFA Funds, an Interview of Dr. Amjad Waheed, CEO NAFA FUNDS by DAWN Newspaper






Investor Login




(ClickPAY) Online Account Services




Account Summary (Testing)




SMA Portal




VPS Portal






Careers




Contact Us




















In order to view this page you need Flash Player 9+ support!Get Adobe Flash player
















NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited
List of Associated Companies


S.No
Associated Companies
Basis
Website Link


1
National Bank of Pakistan
Parent Company
www.nbp.com.pk 


2
Alexandra Fund Management Pte. Ltd.
Sponsor
 


3
Central Depository Company of Pakistan Limited
Trustee of Fund
www.cdcpakistan.com 


4
MCB Financial Services Limited
Trustee of Fund
www.mcbfsl.com.pk 


5
Gul Ahmed Textile Mills Ltd.
Common Directorship
gulahmed.com 


6
Cherat Papersack Limited
Common Directorship

www.gfg.com.pk/cheratpaper/cpprofile.html 


7
NBP Exchange Company Limited
Subsidiary of Parent Company
www.nbpecl.com 


8
NBP Leasing Limited
Subsidiary of Parent Company
www.nbpleasing.com 


9
NBP Capital Limited
Subsidiary of Parent Company
 


10
NBP Employees Pension Fund
Subsidiary of Parent Company
 


11
Taurus Securities Ltd
Subsidiary of Parent Company
www.taurus.com.pk 


12
National Agricultural Ltd
Subsidiary of Parent Company
 


13
Cast N Link Products Ltd
Subsidiary of Parent Company
 


14
NBP CJSC Kazakhistan
Subsidiary of Parent Company
 


15
CJSC Subsidiary Bank of NBP in Dushanbe
Common Directorship
 


16
United National Bank (UK) Ltd
Common Directorship
 


17
Arabian Sea Country Club
Common Directorship
www.asccl.com 


18
Faruque (Pvt.) Limited
Common Directorship
 


19
Zensoft (Pvt.) Limited
Common Directorship
 


20
Cherat Cement Company Limited
Common Directorship
www.cheratcement.com 


21
Greaves Pakistan (Pvt.) Limited
Common Directorship

www.gfg.com.pk/greaves/greaves.html 


22
Greaves CNG (Pvt.) Limited - Chief Executive
Common Directorship
 


23
Mirpurkhas Sugar Mills Limited
Common Directorship
 


24
Summit Bank Limited
Common Directorship
www.summitbank.com.pk 


25
Pakistan Cables Limited
Common Directorship
www.pakistancables.com 


26
International Industries Limited
Common Directorship
www.iilpipes.com 


27
International Steel Limited
Common Directorship
www.isl.com.pk 


28
Atlas Battery Limited
Common Directorship
www.atlasbattery.com.pk 


29
ICI Pakistan Limited
Common Directorship
www.ici.com.pk 


30
Jubilee Life Insurance Company Limited
Common Directorship
www.jubileelife.com 


31
Fullerton Lux Funds (SICAV)
Common Directorship
 


32
FFMC Holdings Pte Limited
Common Directorship
 


33
Fullerton Absolute Returns Investment Strategies Master Fund
Common Directorship
 


34
Fullerton Absolute Returns Investment Strategies Fund
Common Directorship
 


35
Mutual Fund Association of Pakistan
Common Directorship
www.mufap.com.pk 


36
Public Interest Law Association of Pakistan
Common Directorship
 


37
Fullerton Investment Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Limited
Common Directorship
 

 
 



Go to top












 
All Rights Reserved by NBP Fullerton Asset Management Limited
Our Website is optimized for 1024 x 768 screen resolution. Developed by IT Department.
 










