










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Full Measure Education Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























full measure education inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Full Measure Education is a technology company developing the first communication platform in higher education that intelligently delivers information to students when they want it and how they have come to expect it.




Corporate Information
Address:

1111 19th Street NW Suite
Washington, DC
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































Charles Brodsky | Full Measure Education Inc | Email, EVP Business Development , @fullmeasureed.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Charles Brodsky

 Full Measure Education Inc  EVP Business Development 




export

















1111 19th St NW

Washington, DC 20036


Email format for @fullmeasureed.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Services->Education/Training                    
SIC Code:  
                         Unavailable 








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A Washington, DC-based organization, Full Measure Education Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @fullmeasureed.com email addresses, as well as details on Charles Brodsky's email, the organization's EVP Business Development . Their profile can be found in Education/training category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Charles Brodsky, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Charles Brodsky are CBrodsky@fullmeasureed.com, Charles.Brodsky@fullmeasureed.com, Charles@fullmeasureed.com, and Charles_Brodsky@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Charles B - Other

Charles B. - Other
For Appboy email addresses with the @appboy.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Charles B., you may check in Appboy's Lead411 profile. Charles B. is currently the Enterprise Account Executive for Appboy. The company's CEO is Mark Ghermezian. The contact information of Appboy on Lead411 is filed under the Saas. Their main offices are in New York, NY.  Some possible email formats for Charles B. are CB.@appboy.com, Charles.B.@appboy.com, Charles@appboy.com, and Charles_B.@appboy.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@appboy.com addresses.
Charles B. Mccomas - Technology
Charles B. Mccomas's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in All Consulting's Lead411 profile and other All Consulting email addresses with the @all-llc.com domain format.  He is part of All Consulting where he serves as the Chemical / Environmental Engineer.  All Consulting's main office is set in Scottsdale, AZ. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Other consulting category.  Some possible email formats for Charles B. Mccomas are CB. Mccomas@all-llc.com, Charles.B. Mccomas@all-llc.com, Charles@all-llc.com, and Charles_B. Mccomas@all-llc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@all-llc.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Paul Miller - Executive
Full Measure Education Inc's VP Product Strategy is Paul Miller. They are based in Washington, DC, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Education/training industry. Paul Miller's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Full Measure Education Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @fullmeasureed.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Paul Miller are PMiller@fullmeasureed.com, Paul.Miller@fullmeasureed.com, Paul@fullmeasureed.com, and Paul_Miller@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.
Ron Weist - Executive
For Full Measure Education Inc email addresses with the @fullmeasureed.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Ron Weist, you may check in Full Measure Education Inc's Lead411 profile. Ron Weist is currently the Implementation Manager for Full Measure Education Inc. The company's CEO is Greg Davies. The contact information of Full Measure Education Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Education/training. Their main offices are in Washington, DC.  Some possible email formats for Ron Weist are RWeist@fullmeasureed.com, Ron.Weist@fullmeasureed.com, Ron@fullmeasureed.com, and Ron_Weist@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.
Tess Kelly-frazier - Other
Located in Washington, DC Full Measure Education Inc has Tess Kelly-frazier serving as the organization's Executive Vice President - Strategy and Operations. Need Tess Kelly-frazier's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Full Measure Education Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Full Measure Education Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Full Measure Education Inc on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Tess Kelly-frazier are TKelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com, Tess.Kelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com, Tess@fullmeasureed.com, and Tess_Kelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.

People Directory > Charles Brodsky




























Greg Davies | Full Measure Education Inc | Email, CEO/Co-Founder, @fullmeasureed.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Greg Davies

 Full Measure Education Inc  CEO/Co-Founder


Updated On : 
                    Nov 25, 2016                            

export

















1111 19th St NW

Washington, DC 20036


Email format for @fullmeasureed.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Services->Education/Training                    
SIC Code:  
                         Unavailable 








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Trying to find Greg Davies's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Full Measure Education Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @fullmeasureed.com contact information.  Full Measure Education Inc is an organization centered in Washington, DC, which you can find on Lead411 under the Education/training category.  Greg Davies is their CEO/Co-Founder.  Some possible email formats for Greg Davies are GDavies@fullmeasureed.com, Greg.Davies@fullmeasureed.com, Greg@fullmeasureed.com, and Greg_Davies@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Greg D - Executive

Greg D - Executive
Need to know Greg D's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Cigna Corporation's Lead411 profile.  Greg D is the Application Development Manager for Cigna Corporation, an organization which has its base in Bloomfield, CT.  One can also find Cigna Corporation email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @cigna.com url.  Healthcare facilities/services is Cigna Corporation's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Greg D are GD@cigna.com, Greg.D@cigna.com, Greg@cigna.com, and Greg_D@cigna.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cigna.com addresses.
Greg D - Other




Similar Employees:
Paul Miller - Executive
Located in Washington, DC Full Measure Education Inc has Paul Miller serving as the organization's VP Product Strategy. Need Paul Miller's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Full Measure Education Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Full Measure Education Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Full Measure Education Inc on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Paul Miller are PMiller@fullmeasureed.com, Paul.Miller@fullmeasureed.com, Paul@fullmeasureed.com, and Paul_Miller@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.
Ron Weist - Executive
A Implementation Manager at Full Measure Education Inc based in Washington, DC, Ron Weist has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Full Measure Education Inc in our Education/training category. The company CEO is Greg Davies. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Ron Weist' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Ron Weist.  Some possible email formats for Ron Weist are RWeist@fullmeasureed.com, Ron.Weist@fullmeasureed.com, Ron@fullmeasureed.com, and Ron_Weist@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.
Tess Kelly-frazier - Other
Their Executive Vice President - Strategy and Operations is Tess Kelly-frazier. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Education/training industry. If you're checking for Full Measure Education Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @fullmeasureed.com email addresses and possibly Tess Kelly-frazier's email. Full Measure Education Inc is based in Washington, DC. You can also get Tess Kelly-frazier's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Education/training category.  Some possible email formats for Tess Kelly-frazier are TKelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com, Tess.Kelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com, Tess@fullmeasureed.com, and Tess_Kelly-frazier@fullmeasureed.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@fullmeasureed.com addresses.

People Directory > Greg Davies


















Full Measure Education | Product Reviews | EdSurge 
Company DashboardWhat We DoMust-know news, insights and opinions at the juncture of education and technologyCheck It OutThe best available jobs in the edtech industry and education around the USCheck It OutThe latest trends and leaders transforming higher education with technologyCheck It OutThe latest education technology tools, reviewed by teachersCheck It OutBest practice research about how technology is used in leading schools and districtsCheck It OutDashboardProduct Index Post-SecondaryStudent CoachingFull Measure Education by Full Measure Educationhttp://www.fullmeasureed.com/Write a Case StudyWrite a Case StudyAbout Reviews Case Studies+Summit Reflections+About Reviews Connects students at risk of dropping out of college with counselors and a support networkEDUCATOR REVIEWSCase Studies+Write a Case StudyAre you a teacher or administrator who has used this product? Be the first to share your experiences with others by writing a Case Study:Write a Case StudySummit Reflections +No Summit Reflections(In Summit Reflections, educators review tools that they have seen at an EdSurge Tech for Schools Summit. Summit Reflections can only be completed onsite at the event; reviewers are incentivized to leave reviews.) Is this your product? Fill out our Index Survey to complete your profile!PRODUCT ATTRIBUTES× 







Gregory Davies - Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Gregory Davies
Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments 


Gregory Davies
Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.



 Overview



Notable Companies


Presidium, Inc. (Virginia)

Full Measure Education, Inc.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 27 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Erik Rasmussen

Senior Vice President & Managing Director at Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.




Anthony Banford

Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.





Robert Abraham

Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.




Charles Brodsky

Co-Founder at Full Measure Education, Inc.





Chris Davidson

Chief Technology Officer at Full Measure Education, Inc.




Dava Owsley

Senior Director-Product Management at Full Measure Education, Inc.





Michael Chasen

Chief Executive Officer at Precision Hawk USA, Inc.




Jason A. Caplain

Co-Founder at Southern Capitol Ventures LLC





David S. Jones

Co-Founder at OrthopaedicLIST.com




Stephen T. Zarrilli

President & Chief Executive Officer at Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.







See 17 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 17 More 


 


 Paths to Gregory Davies



            Gregory Davies          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Gregory Davies






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Gregory Davies.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


George Mason University

                  George Mason University is setting the gold standard for the modern, public university. Its dynamic culture and innovative academic programs prepare Mason’s hard-working students for 21st century careers. Its commitment to teaching excellence combines with cutting-edge research that enriches the academic experience and is literally changing the world. Mason is affordable, yet offers high value. Ideally located in the National Capital region, students enjoy terrific cultural experiences and access to the most sought-after internships and employers in the country.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2013 - Current                


Full Measure Education, Inc.


                  Full Measure Education puts the power of communication in the hands of students for easy and immediate access to your school's administrative functions.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    2003 - Prior                


Presidium, Inc. (Virginia)


                  Presidium, Inc. provides managed contact and help desk services for web-based academic technologies. It offers course management systems and distance learning programs, comprehensive technical & enterprise co-sourced help desk services. The company was founded in 2003 and it is headquartered in Washington, DC.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


KPMG LLP


                  KPMG LLP provides audit, tax & advisory services. It serves in chemical, healthcare, media, retail, technology, telecommunications and banking industries.  The firm has locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America. KPMG was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Blackboard, Inc.


                  Blackboard, Inc. provides enterprise software applications and related services to the education industry. Its services are utilized by academic institutions around the globe, including colleges, universities, K-12 schools and other education providers, as well as textbook publishers and student-focused merchants that serve education providers and their students. The company was founded by Michael Chasen and Matthew Pittinsky in 1997 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2013 - Current                  


Full Measure Education, Inc.

                    Full Measure Education puts the power of communication in the hands of students for easy and immediate access to your school's administrative functions.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Full Measure Education, Inc.

                  Full Measure Education puts the power of communication in the hands of students for easy and immediate access to your school's administrative functions.                




 Details Hidden


Presidium, Inc. (Virginia)

                  Presidium, Inc. provides managed contact and help desk services for web-based academic technologies. It offers course management systems and distance learning programs, comprehensive technical & enterprise co-sourced help desk services. The company was founded in 2003 and it is headquartered in Washington, DC.                





 Other Affiliations




              Gregory Davies is affiliated with
                            Full Measure Education, Inc., Presidium, Inc. (Virginia), KPMG LLP, Blackboard, Inc., Full Measure Education, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Full Measure Education Inc - Wasington, WA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Wasington



                            Full Measure Education Inc
                                    



 





















F 


Full Measure Education Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1111 19TH ST NW STE 1120 WASINGTON, WA 20036
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated WA
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 9
 Industries --
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


The company is located in Wasington and incorporated in Washington. Full Measure Education Inc has 9 employees and estimated revenues of $0.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    6 - 30 - 2014
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















 Let's Connect! - Full Measure Education 














































 
























    

























No menu assigned!













  







SCHEDULE TIME WITH US


Name*Title*Institution*Phone Number*Email*



 

















 CLICK TO EMAIL US   (855) FME-1100  



  


 Full Measure Education    1111 19th St NW, Suite 1120   Washington, DC 20036  















FULL MEASURE EDUCATION. Copyright © 2013 - 2016. Full Measure Education Inc. All rights reserved. Full Measure Education, FME, the FME Logo, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Full Measure Education Inc. Support | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 
















HOME
OUR TEAM
CONTACT US



All rights reserved Full Measure Education. 

 































 Our Team - Full Measure Education 








































 
























    

























No menu assigned!













     




Our enthusiasm for reimagining education has been known to be contagious.





  


  





OUR TEAM





Headquartered in Washington, DC we are breaking new ground in mobile transformation for higher education. We are a team of innovation officers, award-winning designers, and seasoned postsecondary professionals helping to make simple and personal the foundation of every student’s experience.
 
Trailblazing is in our DNA. 












  






  









GREG DAVIES
Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Greg Davies is a mission-driven entrepreneur focusing on postsecondary education and innovation.  As a founding member of the management team at Blackboard, he spearheaded efforts to introduce cloud computing and managed services – a major milestone in postsecondary technology and digital learning.  Subsequently, Greg co-founded Presidium Inc., a leading provider of diversified student relationship management solutions and a trusted partner for more than 800 institutions in strategic enrollment management.  With an accomplished portfolio that has enabled increased postsecondary access to tens of millions of learners through digital learning and student services, Greg founded Full Measure Education™.  By developing a flexible but purposeful redesign of the student experience, Full Measure Education™ is poised to dramatically increase student attainment through comprehensive Guided Pathways Management.





  









BOB ABRAHAM
Co-Founder and President 
As the President of Full Measure Education™, Bob Abraham is deeply committed to fostering unique relationships with each of our partner institutions. Bob brings more than 25 years of leadership, management and operations experience to Full Measure Education™. Prior to Full Measure Education™, Bob worked at Blackboard Inc., where he served as Vice President of Strategy and Business Operations, responsible for strategic planning guidance, major client relationships, as well as the EBITDA financial contribution for Blackboard Student Services, which was created from the merger of Blackboard and Presidium, Inc. At Presidium, Bob functioned as its COO, where he took great pride in building high-functioning teams that delivered operating margins at two times the industry average along with overseeing all contact center, engineering, and software development functions. Bob holds a B.S.I.E. from The Pennsylvania State University and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University.





  









CHRIS DAVIDSON
Chief Technology Officer
As the Chief Technology Officer at Full Measure Education™, Chris Davidson uses his extensive experience with enterprise software platforms to develop our enterprise technology for students, faculty and staff alike. With a background in software engineering, mobile development and technology design, Chris serves as a core member of our team. Chris led the development of applications and services at QualComm Corporation prior to Full Measure Education™. Chris’ expertise is in the design and deployment of large-scale enterprise software platforms that require integration with external systems and mobile applications. Chris holds B.S. degrees in both Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines.





  









TESS FRAZIER
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Operations 
Tess joined the Full Measure Education™ team to develop and execute critical strategy and operations initiatives with the goal of growing Full Measure™ and supporting its mission via robust business development targets. Tess has over 20 years of experience in higher education, K-12 and both government and private sector employee education and training. Prior to Full Measure Education™, Ms. Frazier was a Vice President on the legal team at Blackboard Inc. where she built and managed the contracts department. Ms. Frazier previously worked for SAP and PeopleSoft (Oracle) in their public sector practices and brings her extensive experience in strategy, negotiations and business operations to Full Measure Education™. Ms. Frazier received her B.A. from Loyola University.





  









CHARLES “CHUCK” BRODSKY
Executive Vice President, Business Development 
Chuck Brodsky serves as the Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy at Full Measure Education™. Chuck is driven to develop partnerships that advance the mission and vision of Full Measure Education™, while identifying and executing significant growth opportunities for the organization. As the former Executive Vice President of Modernizing Medicine, one of Forbes’ Most Promising Companies to Watch and an Inc. 500 Fastest Growing Company, Chuck was responsible for achieving company objectives and streamlining organizational performance. Prior to Modernizing Medicine, he served as an executive at Blackboard Inc., where he oversaw its Government, K-12 and Corporate divisions. Chuck graduated from George Washington University with a B.B.A in Finance and his received his J.D. from the John Marshall Law School.





  









SPENCER SLEMENDA
Vice President, Design & User Experience 
As Full Measure Education’s™ Vice President of Design & User Experience, Spencer Slemenda creates impactful designs that bring our technology to life through innovative concepts and delightful user experiences. Spencer is an award-winning creative director who, for over a decade, has developed brand experiences for companies that range from startups to Fortune 500 companies. Prior to joining the Full Measure Education™ team, Spencer worked as the Design Director at Digital Management Inc. (DMI),  pushing the creative department to think beyond traditional advertising and to blur the boundaries of technology, strategy, UX and design.





  









PAUL MILLER
Vice President, Product Strategy 
Paul Miller is our expert on internal and external product strategy. Paul manages the process of product development and provides ongoing support throughout the implementation process. Additionally, Paul oversees product training for the implementation team to ensure seamless onboarding for institutional partners. Paul also participates in regular client check-ins throughout the implementation process. Previously, Paul served as the Vice President of Product Strategy at Hobsons where he designed, deployed and managed student lifecycle management solutions. Paul also assisted in implementation and worked to enhance customer relationships through user experience testing. Paul graduated from Georgetown University with a B.S. in Business Administration and an M.S. in Management from New England College.





  


  



FOR MORE INFORMATION
CONNECT WITH US














FULL MEASURE EDUCATION. Copyright © 2013 - 2016. Full Measure Education Inc. All rights reserved. Full Measure Education, FME, the FME Logo, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Full Measure Education Inc. Support | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 
















HOME
OUR TEAM
CONTACT US



All rights reserved Full Measure Education. 

 































 Home - Full Measure Education 









































 
























    

























No menu assigned!













  





   
Success is personal.